We ca n’t let the presidency go to Donald Trump , someone so racist , sexist and incredibly unqualified to be commander - in - chief .	25	3
The body acted almost exactly as the voice had : machine-like , fitful , alternating between slow and rapid gestures , rigid and yet expressive , as if the operation were out of control , not quite corresponding to the will that lay behind it .	27	1
50 = Approximate number of policy changes and regulation rollbacks injurious to the environment that have been announced by the Bush administration on Fridays after 5 pm , a time that makes it all but impossible for news organisations to relay the information to the widest possible audience .	40	3
Fort Lee is a city in Bergen County .	8	1
A warm , gentle breeze swirls around your body and relaxes you even more .	13	2
I have to mention that i recently separated the father into another cage close to the ' nest cage ' because he and the mother were fighting .	5	1
It is a competition , and YOU will be competing with hundreds of thousands of others , from all over the world , for a place in the line up .	30	1
I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again , I 'll definitely order a steak .	0	1
Wherever he is , authorities need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or Atef recruited .	1	1
None , just walk in to the service office and present all the identification you have to prove your identity .	20	1
Seeing the shocked look on Harry 's face , Ron added , It does n't hurt them – you 've just got to make them really dizzy so they ca n't find their way back to the gnomeholes .	6	1
She has professional hair , lightly streaked .	6	4
I used to e-mail Vince Kaminski about the advice on his article " The Challenge of Pricing and Risk Managing Electricity Derivatives " and he had mailed me the copy .	13	2
Of course the paper written by Mr Eichelberger and his Egyptian collaborators states that the purpose of the Nasser seizure of power was " to solve the pressing social and political problems which made the revolution necessary . "	27	4
These numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago .	2	2
Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around	6	5
More and more tech companies are calling the shots more than ever before on Wall Street , even more than in Silicon Valley .	1	2
What happened ?	1	4
" I suspect they wo n't do that on a voluntary basis , we 've tried so far and have n't succeeded , so we 've convinced the Food Standards of Australia and New Zealand | that all salt should be iodised , " he said .	18	2
Hope you enjoyed your weekend in Houston .	5	1
When people are searching using the virtual microscope , they will be looking not for the particles , but for the tracks that the particles make , which are much larger — several microns in diameter .	16	5
How do we accurately assess the fact that , owing to medical progress , heart surgery is more likely to be successful now than in the past , leading to a significant increase in life expectancy and quality of life ?	17	2
( The order of business was adopted thus amended ) .	10	1
The former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein is refusing to enter the Baghdad courtroom , in protest at how his trial is being conducted .	3	3
" Inhibitory systems are essential for controlling the pattern of activity in the cortex , which has important implications for the mechanisms of cortical operation , according to a Yale School of Medicine study in Neuron ....	35	3
Dr. Chao you are the best dentist I have ever had .	0	2
Right now , we are in the process of evaluating both our new hire needs and our summer needs and will be making those decisions after the first of the year .	29	2
Put one finger on your other hand just in front of its beak tip , without touching it .	15	4
Your name will move up the list geometrically so that when your name reaches the # 1 position you will be receiving thousands of dollars in CASH !!!	6	2
As a preventive approach , designed to optimise the environmental performance of products , while maintaining their functional qualities , it provides genuine new opportunities for manufacturers , for consumers and for society as a whole .	10	6
The last time that many read a news story about the Fund may have been when then - Managing Director Dominique Strauss Kahn was forced out in May 2011 , following accusations that he sexually assaulted an employee in a New York hotel .	30	5
Even when he robbed Dostoevski , he pitied him as one might " a little cherub-like child . "	1	2
If your drawstring is longer than your pinkie then you should cut it off till it is roughly the size of your fingernail .	3	1
This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution of racial categories across the various reported reasons for discrimination .	19	2
I 've traveled to all of these places and could certainly tailor a trip to your needs based on budget , actual time allowed , your likes and dislikes .	6	3
I 'm the author of three books ( including the 1.3 million seller ALTERNATIVE CURES ) and hundreds of magazine articles , and worked for 20 years at Rodale Press , as a writer and as editor - in - chief of Prevention and Rodale Books .	31	1
More than anything else at Hogwarts , more even than playing Quidditch , Harry missed his best friends , Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger .	20	4
What do you think ? he said , scornfully .	7	1
IMPROPER USE OF MAGIC OFFICE	0	4
for a tank that size i would suggest oscars or piranha every time awesome fish !!	5	1
Pack the lighter items on top .	2	4
06/04/01 08:38 AM	2	1
I would n't send my dogs there .	5	2
The clock on the wall opposite him had only one hand and no numbers at all .	2	1
I do n't want to wait till month end , let 's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order , let s take that value into June since it relates to July puts .	21	2
If you move the line to the right , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line to the right remains constant , and the perpendicular line to the left of the moving line lengthens .	0	1
Per our conversation a few minutes ago , attached please find the revised Stipulation .	5	4
Directive 2005 / 32 / EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 July 2005 establishing a framework for the setting of ecodesign requirements for energy - using products and amending Council Directive 92 / 42 / EEC and Directives 96 / 57 / EC and 2000 / 55 / EC of the European Parliament and of the Council .	2	1
While most of the sporting venues were located outside the city proper - in various locations throughout Attica - the entire urban area of Athens underwent major lasting changes that have improved the quality of life for visitors and residents alike .	14	4
Therefore , any trade mark registration that incorporates the word ONLINE as a suffix in the way that you use it will not enable its owner to prevent others from using the word ONLINE .	26	1
When the Hasid returns to his seat after prayers , I tell him that my wife , a woman of learning , will be lecturing at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem .	23	1
Soon afterwards , around the time of his father 's death , Balzac wrote El Verdugo - about a 30 - year - old man who kills his father ( Balzac was 30 years old at the time ) .	11	1
Russia announced a suspension of the contract at the beginning of October .	4	1
This prevents you from getting into the " procrastination zone . "	10	1
If all the following instructions are adhered to , you will receive extraordinary dividends .	14	1
The hall ended in a T and we went left through the gym , walked underneath the bleachers and stood next to the side door , waiting for the rain to stop .	19	3
We sat in the front dining area , it was very cozy and pleasant .	0	1
In 1819 Passez offered to make Balzac his successor , but his apprentice had enough of the law .	10	2
It is important to prioritise general criteria for land planning and demographic equilibrium , and to bear in mind the conclusions of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development on the five fundamental issues , which have been only partly taken up by the Committee on Transport , Regional Policy and Tourism in its points 16 and 17 .	50	2
Method 2 of 3 : Caring for Basil	0	3
Kevin A. Boone Accenture -- Houston Consultant -- Energy ( Octel ) 713.837.1638 ( Client ) 281.848.1619 ( C ) 713.306.7940 ( H ) 713.864.4149 Kevin.A.Boone@accenture.com	17	1
" Shakespeare was a respected poet and playwright in his own day , but his reputation did not rise to its present heights until the 19 th century .	20	2
Fine lot these government chaps – are they not ? he went on , speaking English with great precision and considerable bitterness .	20	6
There are perennial basils which come back year after year , like African Blue Basil ( which has pretty blue veins on its leaves ) and Thai Basil , while most other varieties are annuals , which you 'll have to plant year after year .	33	2
He unhooked his safety belt and leaned over to look at an angle through the bleary lens on the far side of the aisle ; and there it was , tiny and distorted and real , bush , earth , exactly as it remained in his mind always , without his thinking about it .	44	1
Which one should i get ?	1	2
It appears this guy is going to bring stability to the country and I think that 's good news for the subcontinent . "	3	2
We do n't want it to be too cold ( not sure when exactly there fall is ... or what the weather is really like there during our autumn months ) , but we do n't feel like we need to go right in the middle of summer either .	6	1
Called to check if they had a product I 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .	7	4
50 = Approximate number of policy changes and regulation rollbacks injurious to the environment that have been announced by the Bush administration on Fridays after 5 pm , a time that makes it all but impossible for news organisations to relay the information to the widest possible audience .	32	1
Again , I think the problem is people who sink to far into their own egos , and begin to take their personal metaphors a bit too literaly .	13	3
He said angrily to Wentz , directing the remark at the wife through the husband , What did you get in return that was worth it ?	10	2
Mike one of owners was awesome , he explained the detailed plan , and executed on time , I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .	11	2
It remains a small , quaint fishing town with laid back charm but with increasing media exposure it is growing , slowly but steadily ,	20	1
Certainly the affair was too stupid – when I think of it – to be altogether natural .	2	3
Jann , phoned this morning and asked me to pass this information to the group , concerning Bobby Riggins .	3	2
Bush is in Santiago for the annual Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) leaders meeting .	9	4
And they seem to be posted at fairly regular intervals ?	9	5
Tulsa is in the Green Country region of Oklahoma .	9	1
lol ... Kolkata is not for sale !!!!!!	2	4
This cost is averaging $ 79,000 per month if we continue to run the compressor as we have in August and September .	13	2
The last time that many read a news story about the Fund may have been when then - Managing Director Dominique Strauss Kahn was forced out in May 2011 , following accusations that he sexually assaulted an employee in a New York hotel .	42	3
For the last year SNY has broadcast footage of me with my poems , so quite a few fans known about the " Mets Poet ' .	16	1
When items in a field are hidden by autofiltering or filter by selection , the drop-down arrow Field arrow in the field label is blue .	20	2
For most people , receiving compliments is only fun up to a point — getting more than one or two can make someone feel embarrassed and self-conscious .	4	5
Our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the LC transferable .	5	3
This is because PivotTable views use the Microsoft Office PivotTable Component , and Excel PivotTable reports either do not support certain PivotTable list features , or they implement some features differently .	25	1
It was now past five o'clock .	5	4
The home page for Rockin on the River is , and it lists all the acts scheduled for the season .	4	3
“ While much of the digital transition is unprecedented in the United States , the peaceful transition of power is not , ” Obama special assistant Kori Schulman wrote in a blog post Monday .	8	6
those dogs are n't even friendly .	1	2
How did the CPA get to the point where it has turned even Iraqi Shiites , who were initially grateful for the removal of Saddam Hussein , against the United States ?	19	4
Madam President , I would firstly like to compliment you on the fact that you have kept your word and that , during this first part - session of the new year , the number of television channels in our offices has indeed increased considerably .	7	1
I remain devoted full - time to the advancement of Firefox , the Mozilla platform and web browsing in general .	2	4
— NORTON I , Emperor of the United States .	9	1
But as Harry climbed onto the window-sill there came a sudden loud screech from behind him , followed immediately by the thunder of Uncle Vernon 's voice .	2	3
We have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of December 1 , 1999 .	17	2
Do not drink if underage in your country .	2	3
Both Dawa and SCIRI have umbilical connections to the fundamentalist Shi'ite leadership in Iran that go back decades .	16	2
Hot , fresh , delicious .	0	2
A sensitive Environment Canada document was found wet on an Ottawa street by someone who gave it to the CBC today .	11	3
Students like Rai have been meeting with counsellors at the school to talk about what happened , but she said the biggest comfort has come from seeing her friends .	27	2
- Page 71 , 72 and 73 with 48 new pictures of cats and kittens are added to The Cat Album today .	15	2
Alejandra González Anaya , one of the parade 's creative directors , explained to CNN why Mexico have decided now is the time to put on such a show .	23	1
New York was the nowhere he had built around himself , and he realized that he had no intention of ever leaving it again .	8	3
When you filter a field , you can display the data for a single item , or you can select some items to display and other items to hide .	14	2
Sports in the United States largely reaffirm existing relations of power in society .	10	3
That 's marvellous .	2	5
During the Six Day War , Yehoshua says that he felt himself linked to a great event , that he was within a historic wave and at one with its flow .	23	4
He was at a loss to explain to himself why he found it so appealing .	2	1
Add the quinoa and salt to the saucepan , stirring until completely incorporated .	9	4
The next day , no one could find my wheel lock and that particular technician was not in .	10	2
The call in number is 800.713.8600 .	3	3
( Do n't wish to use Wikipedia again , it 's just easier than spending time looking up more obscure and detailed information . )	0	1
At one time , almost all Europe 's major hits came into being with the help of a producer who believed in them .	21	1
I absolutely LOVED living there .	0	1
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	19	3
Mr President , Commissioner , I should first like to congratulate Mr Koch on his reports which , though technical , are nonetheless of very great significance for safety .	15	4
As far as I can tell , podiobooks.com features " free as in beer " content — material which you can download , but which is n't under a free content license .	15	4
That 's good and well and fine with us .	3	2
You may not distribute , publicly display , publicly perform , or publicly digitally perform the Derivative Work with any technological measures that control access or use of the Work in a manner inconsistent with the terms of this License Agreement .	34	2
Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off ?	3	1
The implementation of the Programme made a slow start , mainly due to its adoption in December 2001 .	16	4
He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project Novial .	17	3
If the latter is the case , we could place both Sara and Elena in a specialist job group ( the salary range is 33 - 66 K ) .	17	2
Unfortunately Debbie and I will not be able to attend due to previous committments .	5	2
Clean rooms , great for the price and cheapest on the exit .	12	1
SQL Server verifies that the account name and password were validated when the user logged on to the system and grants access to the database , without requiring a separate logon name or password .	9	2
This action accelerated the utilities ' move toward bankruptcy and forced the governor to move the state into the power - buying business . "	9	2
I believe that the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the common fisheries policy and a proposal to subvert it would be legally inadmissible .	18	2
That brings the story to May 1972 — the time that has been the focus of so many news reports — when Bush “ deserted ” ( according to anti-Bush filmmaker Michael Moore ) or went “ AWOL ” ( according to Terry McAuliffe , chairman of the Democratic National Committee ) .	5	2
They are very rude over the phone and in person .	9	3
They work on Wall Street , after all , so when they hear a company who's stated goals include " Do n't be evil , " they imagine a company who's eventually history will be " Do n't be profitable . "	2	1
The good news is that all of this is temporary , because the evolution of international law has always adapted itself to reality .	12	2
According to a genetic study on autosomal data on Roma the source of Southasian Ancestry in Roma is North - West India .	6	5
Citizens of Antigua and Barbuda ( 28 days ) , Barbados ( 28 days ) , Benin , Bosnia and Herzegovina , CIS ( except Ukraine and Uzbekistan ) , Dominica , Grenada ( 60 days ) , Liechtenstein ( 90 days ) , Macedonia , Malaysia ( 90 days ) , Mongolia , Montenegro ( 90 days ) , Namibia , Singapore , Slovakia , Saint Kitts and Nevis , Saint Lucia , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , Serbia ( 90 days ) , Turkmenistan who can stay 30 days without visa .	8	1
China 's rebalancing will enable it to absorb its surplus savings , which will be put to work building a social safety net and boosting Chinese households ' wherewithal .	1	1
The games involve challenges and rules involving the exercise of cognitive functions , especially the working memory , attention and capacity of solving problems .	23	4
to distribute copies or phonorecords of , display publicly , perform publicly , and perform publicly by means of a digital audio transmission Derivative Works .	14	4
Guadeloupe , known as Gwadloup in the local creole , and sometimes known as the Butterfly Island ( French : I'ile Papillon ) on account of the shape of two of its major islands , is a group of islands in the eastern Caribbean , and is a French overseas department .	11	5
For example , if you export a table of Customers Orders , you can also choose to export a related Orders Details table and Customers table into the same file .	21	4
Meanwhile , additional controls of the Nile fostered development within Gezira Island and along the city 's waterfront .	17	5
Like UFOs or Sasquatch , several people claimed to see fleeting lone wolves , usually in Yellowstone .	8	1
I 'm the author of three books ( including the 1.3 million seller ALTERNATIVE CURES ) and hundreds of magazine articles , and worked for 20 years at Rodale Press , as a writer and as editor - in - chief of Prevention and Rodale Books .	46	1
The train was due to arrive in time , and from his vantage in the center of the doorway , Quinn judged that his chances of seeing Stillman were good .	22	2
A Comparative Discourse Analysis of Fan Responses to Game of Thrones	3	4
Try not to make your words sound like utter and complete gibberish just add a little extra than our regular English language .	16	3
All of these happen daily in Iraq and in the Palestinian areas .	8	1
The Archbishop is , to use an old word , a portly man .	11	3
Following enlargement , this type of activity is likely to develop further , which is also in line with the recommendation of the Pericles evaluator .	18	2
With respect to the contributions of digital games to improvement of cognitive processes , researchers suggest that regular practice has a significant influence on improving the performance related to basic visual skills ( Li , Polat , Scalzo , & Bavelier , 2010 ) ; on the ability to perceive objects simultaneously ( Dye & Bavelier , 2010 ; Feng , Spence , & Pratt , 2007 ) ; and on the ability to do more than one task at the same time ( Boot , Kramer , Simons , Fabiani , & Gratton , 2008 ) .	7	3
La Peau De Chagrin , among his earliest novels , is a pessimistic tale of confusion and destruction .	14	1
So anyone looking for an Excellent night out for Chinese or maybe just lunch should stop in and try it because I promise you 2 things --- You wo n't regret it !!	29	2
The implementation and operation of the guidelines cannot be left to the personal interpretation of one or other desk officer , either in the Commission or in the civil service .	5	2
It is also peak tourist season , which means there are far more people just about everywhere but the most remote corners of the island , and prices are at their highest .	2	2
The world was outside of him , around him , before him , and the speed with which it kept changing made it impossible for him to dwell on any one thing for very long .	15	3
The Comédie Humaine remained unfinished at the time of his death - Balzac had plans to include numerous other books , most of which he never started .	14	3
Do you think it was an appropriate form of satire for Dan Savage to popularize the definition of the santorum neologism created in his advice column ?	2	3
Seriously , I talked this morning with Tom Hall and we agreed that Ecogas would pay him $ 53,000 .	19	1
Please everyone .... take heed and do n't get caught up in the hype about DECOR and YOU working with every budget ...	7	2
Then he began again , assuring me Mr. Kurtz was the best agent he had , an exceptional man , of the greatest importance to the Company ; therefore I could understand his anxiety .	17	6
However , if you can wait til 2:00 pm to eat , go ahead and grab something and expense it !	10	2
I was a prospect , an exotic prospect in old tennis shoes and a sweatshirt .	0	1
Putin 's gambit is akin to the infamous Yalta Conference in 1945 , where Joseph Stalin made Winston Churchill and Franklin D. Roosevelt complicit in a division of Europe that enslaved half of the continent for almost a half - century .	12	1
They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they " do as they wilt " .	0	2
On Thursday , the 3rd of November , the mayor of Saint - Gaudens ( in the Haute - Garonne region ) decided to suspend the urban development agreement with the government formed in 2014 .	20	3
2005 is bound to bring at least one major success in the love department , and your career will be brimming with new enthusiasm and innovation .	18	2
Responsive , kept me apprised of status .	5	1
Space Shuttle Discovery will take the place of Enterprise at the Udvar-Hazy Center .	10	2
As far as George Bush knew , he and his unit could have been transferred to Vietnam .	11	3
Mr Vernon Dursley had been woken in the early hours of the morning by a loud , hooting noise from his nephew Harry 's room .	11	2
I now understand that someone at ENA / Enron Mexico / Enron Wholesale has signed an EPC contract with ABB for this project .	17	4
Prior to taking office Jokowi sought for outgoing President Yudhoyono to take responsibility for the decision to further increase fuel prices by further removing subsidies .	19	2
We will be full of emotion and the visitors will be correspondingly full of emotion , and after they have been wined and feted and dined and toasted and televised and paraded and clapped and the supplying of loans and atomic plants and military hardware has been discussed they will love us .	18	2
And the massages are heavenly !	0	2
As he emerged from the subway and entered the great hall , he saw by the clock that it was just past four .	8	2
I am often told that the old Ashkenazi leaders were unimaginative , that the new Rabin group lacks stature , that Ben-Gurion was a terrible old guy but a true leader , that the younger generation is hostile to North African and Asian Jews .	23	1
Blunt starred in the 2011 British comedy film Salmon Fishing in the Yemen , directed by Lasse Hallström and co-starring Ewan McGregor and Kristin Scott Thomas .	17	5
Since being a good friend to someone usually means helping them , they often ca n't stand the thought of a good friendship .	12	2
Syria is surrounded by Turkey , Iraq , Jordan and Israel .	8	3
What are we going to get her ?	0	2
And these existed for tens of millions of years .	1	3
In 1997 , he married María Elena Fernandez-Miranda , a lawyer and diplomatic attache .	3	1
It has also opened VW up to huge compensation claims , legal action and has seen it take more than € 16bn of provisions .	22	1
He said , All very festive , but it was distraction ; he had the feeling of listening inwardly , watching for something else .	24	1
If you need someone to help you out with your heating problems , I DEFINITELY would call TIGER HEATING and AIR .	5	2
The Congolese band had no idea what music would do , and produced a stomping crescendo ; then one of the Poles played the piano , and Neil Bayley moved in on the drums .	26	2
How long will the transitional period be following Polish accession in the case of the free movement of persons ?	6	1
" You 're going to be looking at hundreds dead along the coast , " a state official said .	17	4
Everyone is relaxed and having fun !!!	2	4
Those worthy fellows who 've gone down South to Rhodesia and South Africa where they can feel confident they 'll never have a black man on the Bench to give a verdict as biased as a white man 's .	4	2
Delhi police chief K K Paul named the man as Tariq Ahmed Dar , and said police were hunting for four accomplices .	3	1
One evening a grass shed full of calico , cotton prints , beads , and I do n't know what else , burst into a blaze so suddenly that you would have thought the earth had opened to let an avenging fire consume all that trash .	29	2
Do you really want to put your faith in some clinic doctor .	12	1
I would remind you that Mr Cornelissen 's report has been added to the agenda for Tuesday .	1	3
From a moral standpoint , you guys are really gon na take 2,000 bucks from someone that needs that truck to work and support his family when you know it s just a piece of scrap metal ?	13	3
La Désirade : dry and cliffy .	2	1
We also love their Egg Rolls and Spring Rolls .	8	3
Finally , we find the third circle of so - called religious , educational and welfare organizations , which actually do some good , feed the hungry and provide some schooling , but brainwash a new generation with hatred , lies and ignorance .	22	2
I 'm assuming it 's to scare off predators / like how they will puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies .	1	1
Greatly appreciate your prompt feedback to this inquiry .	6	2
It is a daily routine to hear the same leader making opposite statements in Arabic to his people and in English to the rest of the world .	6	2
My concern with adding the language below is , could it be argued that not everyone knew the rate would or could apply at any point , since we just stated Topack and Needles and if they knew they might have bid a different rate ??	23	1
Always professional and reliable , sessions are good fun and suitably challenging .	1	6
I had been a patient of Dr. Olbina for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on crowns etc .	4	4
Alteration of the Mississippi River and the destruction of wetlands at its mouth have left the area around New Orleans abnormally vulnerable to the forces of nature .	16	2
You can apply a filter to a row or column field to show the top or bottom n items based on a total .	8	1
In order to design this curriculum we follow a four step approach with a Working Out Loud - principle ( Williams , 2010 ) :	8	1
The introduction of interim targets increases the predictability of the policy , allows for accommodating product development cycles and facilitates long term planning for interested parties .	26	1
This paper describes a collaborative pilot project focusing on a unique collection of 17th Century Zurbarán paintings .	5	3
Restaurant on top was renovated , food was decent , price was way to high for Duluth for quality , new decor seems tacky	12	2
Emails from Zawahiri to Atef in the Spring of 1999 indicate that Ayman was a close student of the USAMRIID anthrax program .	16	4
A week before , China 's second biggest state oil firm had signed a $ 70 billion deal for oilfield and natural gas development with Iran , which already supplies 13 per cent of China 's needs .	20	2
You use XML schemas to describe the structure of data in a common format that customers , other Web browsers , and any number of XML-enabled software programs can recognize .	6	2
How these guys can get away with being so rude with people is mind blowing .	2	2
1 . The short forms do not contain the optionality relating to our performing billing services -- all of our midmarket forms anticipate that we will act as customer 's billing agent and that we will collect all amounts due related to T&D and the like from the customer ( and reflect same on our invoice ) and pass those amounts on to the customer 's utility .	37	2
Using DISTINCT in an aggregate function reference , for example , SUM-DISTINCT-Price	3	1
They are probably especially oriented toward the Salafi school of modern Islamic thought , which has a Protestant - like emphasis on going back to the original practice of the early companions of the Prophet Muhammad .	12	4
The canopy must be steered away from power lines and similar obstructions ;	5	2
During his time there , Kipling also met and fell in love with Florence Garrard who was boarding with Trix at Southsea ( to which Trix had returned ) .	23	1
Do you think it was an appropriate form of satire for Dan Savage to popularize the definition of the santorum neologism created in his advice column ?	12	3
He reports that the Iraqi Islamic Party , which had earlier been absolutely committed to getting out the Sunni vote , is now wavering and saying their position will depend on the situation .	2	2
There has been a large Asian presence in the SF Bay Area for a long time -- the Chinatown here was the largest population of chinese outside of China , there were lots of Japanese who 'd been displaced during WWII .	2	2
I can be reached at 315-460-3344 .	3	4
Next month , Ukraine 's citizens will freely choose a new President – the best rebuke possible to Russian propaganda about our supposed failure to uphold democracy .	15	3
Directive 78 / 170 / EEC should therefore be repealed .	4	1
In fact , South Korean women participate in the labor force at roughly the average rate for the OECD while they are in their late twenties .	25	4
In little pangs , said John .	1	3
When creating a new password , be sure that it is at least 6 characters in length and that you use a complex string of numbers , letters , and punctuation marks .	11	1
2 teaspoons red wine or apple cider vinegar	5	3
In light of the CA regarding curves , I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information .	3	2
The music in the background was from such bands as The Velvet Underground .	5	2
Since then we have decided to have them manage our other investment properties as well as we getting older and can no longer perform all the inquires .	5	1
The Skilled Worker category was my first attempt at permanent residency .	2	3
Living out of synch with nature is the great disease , from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness .	2	1
just pray for her ad=nd try to hlep your dog and do some physical therapy on the hind legs and take her to the vet and ig it costs a whole lot ask hlep from you friends and family adn since she s not eating feed her by hand	25	2
Commissioner Brittan should know this .	2	3
On my last 6 trips here from the states I used " Fly genesis " based in Seattle , Wa .	6	2
Sara Shackleton Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street , EB 3801a Houston , TX 77002 Ph : ( 713 ) 853-5620 Fax : ( 713 ) 646-3490	12	1
Drink and live !	3	1
Put guards in front of every concert hall and there will always be a line of people to be checked by the guards and this line will be the target , not to speak of killing the guards themselves .	2	1
South Korea holds about $ 200 billion .	4	1
I do n't like to write to him – with those messengers of ours you never know who may get hold of your letter – at that Central Station .	28	4
We 'll get the paperwork together and sent to you for naked options .	10	2
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to education .	0	1
The broker called back shortly after I spoke to you to let me know that the kestrel air park building and the strip center at fm78 & walzem had both sold .	16	4
Take the 20 seconds to use a couple twist ties on the fasteners to make sure they do n’t come loose .	12	5
You can invite people to war over noses , but nobody will go to fight for noses any more .	0	2
Have a great day .	3	2
The request was for a Intrastate Gas Transportation Agreement and 311 Gas Transportation Agreement .	8	5
Alternatively the snitch can be a small yellow ball ( tennis balls work great ) that is hidden before the game starts by a bystander or referee .	11	3
nevertheless this is a small price to pay for your life .	6	1
When you move a field to the data area , the values from the field are used as the data that is measured in the chart .	12	2
Flexibility in the method for establishing the level of requirements can make swift improvement of environmental performance easier .	4	2
Related cross-cultural studies have resulted in insufficient statistical power , but interesting trends ( e.g. , Nedwick , 2014 ) .	18	2
In August 1969 , Pope Paul VI removed the death penalty from the Vatican law and revoked it from all offences .	10	4
My amendments concern the frost - resistance ratings for tankers carrying these dangerous goods .	1	5
Some commentators have seen this change in mood as evidence of a more serene view of life on Shakespeare 's part , but it may merely reflect the theatrical fashion of the day .	23	1
Fort Lee is bordered by Edgewater , Englewood Cliffs , Cliffside Park and Leonia .	7	5
I like that something will be a bit of secret , or even unreliable narrator : someone tells something and first you trust him but then you read more and you become thrilled by everything .	23	2
Full reconciliation of contracts within the OBSF to Barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to AS400 Barclays account	12	6
Horse is out of state and not local .	0	3
Day One Interviews Day Two Interviews	2	5
When I get my hair done there , they use enough hairstyling products while it does not ruin your hair .	10	3
From the south , the quickest route is probably to take the M1 northbound to junction 32 , then the M18 eastbound to junction 2 , the A1M northbound to junction 44 and finally the A64 eastbound to the York Outer Ring Road ( A1237 ) .	35	2
The application allows visualization of the player 's performance and offers the possibility of monitoring by teachers .	10	3
The statement said , " We direct an appeal at the men in the Iraqi forces , whether national guards or others , the majority of whom are Muslim , calling upon them to refrain for commiting this enormous sin under the banner of forces that do not respect our religion or any principles of basic humanity , and we ask them to view this war as illegal . "	69	1
Given the urgent need to contribute to the achievement of the commitments in the framework of the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) , and without prejudice to the integrated approach promoted in this Directive , some priority should be given to those measures with a high potential for reducing greenhouse gas emissions at low cost .	10	2
$ 300 m - Amount cut from the federal programme that provides subsidies to poor families so they can heat their homes .	1	2
Against the pallor of his skin , the flaxen thinness of his hair , the effect was almost transparent , as though one could see through to the blue veins behind the skin of his face .	28	2
0 - Number of minutes that President Bush , Vice - President Dick Cheney , the Defence Secretary , Donald Rumsfeld , the assistant Defence Secretary , Paul Wolfowitz , the former chairman of the Defence Policy Board , Richard Perle , and the White House Chief of Staff , Karl Rove - the main proponents of the war in Iraq - served in combat ( combined ) .	7	2
I launched LibriVox , emailed some friends and some podcasters who where doing literary stuff , and invited them to record a chapter of Joseph Conrad 's Secret Agent .	17	4
At age ten Balzac was sent to the Oratorian grammar school in Vendôme , where he studied for seven years .	10	3
They make up excuses in hopes to confuse their policy holders with misinformation .	10	4
Post–Revolutionary War	0	6
Edit : Also I forgot to mention earlier , most ( if not all ) cruise ships also practice lifeboat drills weekly , and it is not uncommon to see them to actually launch the lifeboats into the water as part of their drill when you are in port .	4	3
I took the weekend off and came in and asked for the manager who is Jeff and he remembered her right away even remembered her dog , I was a bit shocked that someone would pay that close attention .	23	5
the attitude of some staff is terrible , did not solve anything only say i can do nothing .	9	2
More specifically , when analyzing weighted sample data employing the svy suite of commands in Stata the conventional Pearson χ2 statistic test of independence is converted into “ an F statistic with noninteger degrees of freedom by using a second-order Rao and Scott ( 1981 [ 22 ] , 1984 [ 23 ] ) correction ” . [ 24 ]	27	1
Universal Data Link ( .udl )	3	1
As it stands , while the services sector accounts for more than 70 % of employment in South Korea , its productivity - growth rate remains much lower than that of the manufacturing sector .	3	1
Native mats covered the clay walls ; a collection of spears , assegais , shields , knives was hung up in trophies .	8	5
this kebab shop is one of the best around the meat is good and fresh and the chilly sauce is the best , keep them lovely kebabs coming and a happy new year to all the staff	28	2
The United States freed Cuba ( after an occupation by the U.S. Army ) .	7	1
Some people are willing to take your horse , but they really have old trailers that are not the safest in the world .	8	1
The team at Bradley Chevron kept my car running for well past its expected death !	11	2
Israel , however , is much closer to Iraq and is likely to suffer from Iraqi instability much more acutely than will the United States .	17	2
Using chalk , a stick , or your finger , draw a line on the ground 12 " ( 30 cm ) long .	17	1
Some individuals reported that when they are able to reach the site , all they get is a message stating , " The word scientology means search for truth ... " .	27	2
Shona has commissioned Mike Moscoso to work on this , and I believe that Mike has already been working with James New .	10	2
Because I want someone who 's going to treat people nicely and well .	2	2
I feel that the way some doctor s offices work around here is a little bit absurd so I 'm happy that these guys do n't do those two things in particlular .	32	1
we are collecting a premium up front and their total cost is known up front .	14	3
Adnan Z. Amin , General Director of the International Organization for Renewable Energies ( IRENA ) is certain : " Offshore wind power can become the top power generator in a global economy that is free of coal - based energy . "	9	6
I hope that the whole House will endorse their constructive approach .	1	2
Following on the heels of Ben 's annoucement yesterday , I thought I 'd post that I have joined Google as well .	22	1
This , coupled with the lack of a public safety net , makes health problems a leading source of economic hardship , even for middle-class families .	5	2
Afraid I can not be more helpful , it is really a case of pot luck , although as the weather is so changeable often a cold wet morning will turn into a lovely warm sunny afternoon and evening or visa versa .	26	2
Vietnam m 16 used to clog up and never work .	10	1
We arrived early and the staff was very accomodating to our families and the situation we were in .	6	2
Next day got moved into another room , on the same floor with other wedding guests .	15	3
Conditional cash transfers , text - message - based initiatives , school - based food programs , vitamin - fortification schemes , and local leadership have all proved effective in improving maternal nutrition .	3	1
$ 64.2 m - The Amount Pioneers and Rangers had raised for Bush - Cheney as of March 2004 .	13	1
The inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-India political leader and former Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka , and the recent " coup " by Nepalese King Gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy , are glaring examples of intelligence failure . +	33	2
And outside , the silent wilderness surrounding this cleared speck on the earth struck me as something great and invincible , like evil or truth , waiting patiently for the passing away of this fantastic invasion .	25	1
Edwards is a strong supporter of Israel , and believes that the U.S. has a vital role in promoting peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians . "	7	1
Yes , but this time it is his carotid artery - the one that transports blood to the brain .	9	3
I go every other week for the shallac / gel manicure which is only $ 25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks !	19	3
Like the majority of sites in southern Europe , the finding dates back to the early 5th century BC .	1	2
That tactic never failed me .	3	3
Vava’u is a group of more than 50 islands in Tonga , about 150 miles north of Tongatapu .	2	1
My dental surgeon , Dr. Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established .	19	2
unable to attend at that time due to a prior appointment , I can meet with you individually later some time	14	2
The first thing you notice when you arrive on location is that the waiting line literally goes out the door and spills into the parking lot .	21	3
Evidently , this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now .	5	2
Initially our design group , along with perhaps one of our technology consultants , would like to meet with a group of Enron people for half a day .?	11	5
her feet were too swollen to walk , and he endured severe heart trouble .	6	2
Baie-Mahault : the industrial and commercial zone of Guadeloupe , nothing special to do or see .	4	2
It reminds me too much of the ARVN officers who were secretly working for the other side in Vietnam .	14	2
I schedule my weekly appointment here just to get a chance to lie comfortably on my tummy .	0	1
Zawahiri , Al Qaeda 's # 2 , is head of Al Qaeda 's biochemical program .	2	1
For this to be possible , what we need from the European Commission are not just good intentions , but clearer guidelines and a firm commitment to monitoring the way these resources are used by the Member States .	17	5
If you are new to " The Cat Album " I can tell you that you 'll find more than 1100 pictures of cute cats at this site .	25	1
I just got your email and I certainly concur with Jeff making the call .	2	2
But I propose to you that the sequence of microbes that occur on rotting mushrooms are essential for the health of the forest .	21	2
Kevin A. Boone Accenture -- Houston Consultant -- Energy ( Octel ) 713.837.1638 ( Client ) 281.848.1619 ( C ) 713.306.7940 ( H ) 713.864.4149 Kevin.A.Boone@accenture.com	9	1
What size horse do i need ?	5	2
Per September financials , this company has about $ 3 M of MTM and about $ 8 K of expenses , nothing else .	6	2
Yes , Mrs Schroedter , I shall be pleased to look into the facts of this case when I have received your letter .	21	2
( He already had the traumas that his previous girlfriend Jane Asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate manners ) .	17	2
Let her do it - argue when you are of age and can battle the other adults in your community - skipping of course telling your boss he / she is a prudish ignoramus because you want to keep your job .	34	4
We 're right now using an automated microscope that we developed several years ago for nuclear astrophysics work to scan the collector in the Cosmic Dust Lab in Building 31 at Johnson Space Center .	25	2
Then , reaching into one of his coat pockets , he would remove a red notebook – similar to Quinn 's but smaller – and write in it with great concentration for a minute or two .	12	3
Rather than punch the girl in the face , he abruptly stood up from his seat and walked away .	4	2
There 's your Company 's station , said the Swede , pointing to three wooden barrack-like structures on the rocky slope .	13	3
Everyone was so helpful that I can not wait to go back .....	1	2
He arrived in 1777 at the age of 23 , and served as a military engineer in the Continental Army with Major General Lafayette .	7	1
Janette Elbertson Administrative Coordinator EWS Legal , EB3326 Telephone : ( 713 ) 853-7906 Facsimile : ( 713 ) 646-2600 e-mail address : janette.elbertson@enron.com	19	4
Courteous , fast and friendly .	4	4
Claude Mandil , the executive director of the International Energy Agency in Paris , said the reserves in the East China Sea were hardly worth the trouble .	1	3
It had borne all the ships whose names are like jewels flashing in the night of time , from the Golden Hind returning with her round flanks full of treasure , to be visited by the Queen 's Highness and thus pass out of the gigantic tale , to the Erebus and Terror , bound on other conquests – and that never returned .	11	4
I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase , and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation .	29	2
We all agree that we should ask that , halfway through these programmes , when the assessment of the Directives is made , Parliament should be given an equally influential role on the grounds that we are the citizens ' representatives .	2	3
Believe it or not , but the channel guide has been most helpful to my family members that visit and do n't know where to start when it comes to watching satellite tv .	12	4
A tourist visa card ( visa de tarjeta del turista ) is necessary for travelers from most nations .	6	1
Cures hysteria .	2	1
My parents do not like me , They constantly reassure me that they will throw me out of home when I turn 18 .	22	1
If you move the line to the left , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line to the right remains constant , and the perpendicular line to the left of the moving line contracts .	8	1
A slice of heaven in winter park off forsyth !	7	2
I phoned this company for advice on our office refurb and although we did not use them in the end ( as our building contractor carried out the electrical work ) , they provided me with plenty of useful information over an hour phone call and subsequently we are now using PJC as our electrical maintenance contractor .	27	2
Behind this raw matter one of the reclaimed , the product of the new forces at work , strolled despondently , carrying a rifle by its middle .	7	5
In 1947 Copeland had been sent to Damascus ( " by whom is not stated , " Kedourie says ) " to make unofficial contact " with Syrian leaders and " to probe for means of persuading them , on their own , to liberalize their political system . "	11	2
Although temperatures do not often venture below freezing , winter ( December to February ) can be brutal , for huge parts of the country – the west and northwest in particular .	0	4
The Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles ( not a drop of magical blood in their veins ) and as far as they were concerned , having a wizard in the family was a matter of deepest shame .	30	2
" Foolhardy provocation deserves harsh punishment " , it added ; and , later , " Kim Jong-un issued an order of the supreme commander of the Korean People 's Army [ KPA ] that the front-line large combined units of the KPA should enter a wartime state to be fully battle ready to launch surprise operations " .	57	1
Congratulations and good luck .	4	1
Dave Kingman is a turd , said Quinn , biting into his hamburger .	0	2
The actors in Shakespeare 's company included the famous Richard Burbage , William Kempe , Henry Condell and John Heminges .	11	1
Melissa ,	0	4
If part of the public supports it , others tolerate it , many are afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood , organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism .	21	4
Rafferty recorded a new version of his Humblebums song " Her Father Did n't Like Me Anyway " on the album Over My Head ( 1994 ) .	0	4
Kinder Morgan $ 3,500,000 $ 1,250,000	0	3
If such a decision is taken before the date of accession , the decision will only come into effect upon the date of accession .	18	3
Although small , they are all " fully functioning " and very well - they are in the lowest level of special care ( and they will probably be in there for another two to four weeks ) until they can feed properly and maintain their weights .	29	1
Please let me know what is possible , and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions ( 978-376-9004 ) .	1	2
The First time I walked in there with my teacup chihuahua puppy I knew I 'd be here a lot .	17	2
I spent $ 2300 on the bedroom suite , which was complete and excellent condition on the showroom floor .	10	2
<< In " Love 's Labour 's Lost " we find a character Don Adriana de Armatho , full of affection and bombast .	23	1
If you already have a Facebook account , you can log in to your account from the same page .	4	1
The mark up is minimal considering that the clothing is hard to find and often shipped for Europe .	9	1
In this play , Shakespeare adds a supernatural element to the tragic structure .	9	1
Please call me 713-853-4743	2	1
11/08/2000 11:02 AM	1	3
You can see them visiting and talking as they stroll along the streets , sit in the plazas or dine in the many sidewalk restaurants .	8	2
They would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they do n't want 3 people in that small apartment .	24	2
That horse returned to racing and we did n't notice much difference .	2	4
On the other side of the flag there was a chart of the manual alphabet – LEARN TO SPEAK TO YOUR FRIENDS – that showed the hand positions for each of the twenty-six letters .	21	4
Just one small commment - it 's not possible , as far as I know , for Google to " Aquire " Firefox .	4	1
A connection file stores information about a connection to a data source ( such as an OLE DB data source ) and the data associated with the connection .	15	1
This writer has for years regarded the best solution to the Kashmir problem as being the trifurcation of the Indian part of the state into a Hindu - majority Jammu , a Buddhist - dominated Ladakh and the overwhelmingly Muslim Kashmir Valley , with the third state given little of taxpayers ' money but substantial autonomy .	10	2
With Loma Prieta in 1989 , the effective barrier of the Cypress Street Overpass was destroyed , and the decades since have seen the rebuilding and refurbishing of many of the neighborhood 's original Victorian houses , and there is a burgeoning performing arts community growing near the center of the neighborhood .	44	5
Very few clubs and night activities .	3	2
Chairman Sibley and Chairman Wolens ( of the Texas legislature ) are also engaged in market developments .	15	3
Tina Anselmi was born on the 25th of March , 1927 in Castelfranco Veneto ; she grew up in an anti-fascist Catholic family , which was marked by the persecution of her militant socialist father .	20	6
In practise it turns out that it is sometimes impossible to answer this question .	9	5
I should be like everyone else .	6	1
Investors are asking what Edison intends for QFs and generators -- asking about haircuts in particular -- and Edison is side - stepping the questions .	8	2
I was searching for dog food info and found this post .	6	2
This writer has for years regarded the best solution to the Kashmir problem as being the trifurcation of the Indian part of the state into a Hindu - majority Jammu , a Buddhist - dominated Ladakh and the overwhelmingly Muslim Kashmir Valley , with the third state given little of taxpayers ' money but substantial autonomy .	25	1
There are many reasons to say Disney cruise is the best bet for you to have a enjoyable holiday tour .	9	2
Our government has negotiated a standby loan agreement with the International Monetary Fund that will give us some of the tools that we need to get our financial and economic house in order .	16	1
Also , you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up , but to protect ourselves , we have added language in Para 3.2 that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax .	51	1
The accumulation and dissemination of the body of knowledge generated by the ecodesign efforts of manufacturers is one of the crucial benefits of this Directive .	1	6
Hugh McGuire with some books that have not yet been acoustically liberated .	1	4
They have fresh flowers , lasted a long while in the vase , and the two ladies at the shop know the business well .	10	2
You wear your heart on your sleeve ... and since you are an emotional person you are apt to give your all ... heart and soul ... to all those that show you a little affection ... but take care ... it would appear that you have been extremely hurt in the past ... and you keep leaving yourself wide open for punishment ..	59	2
I am often told that the old Ashkenazi leaders were unimaginative , that the new Rabin group lacks stature , that Ben-Gurion was a terrible old guy but a true leader , that the younger generation is hostile to North African and Asian Jews .	17	3
i am going out tonight to get wasted if anyone is interested .	3	2
He felt like taking Auster in his arms and declaring his friendship for life .	7	2
I was wondering if it would be OK for me to sit in with you one day to get a general feel of your end of the process .	13	2
In 1947 , large scale deep sea fishing was introduced to Coron , and the town experienced another boom , a fishing boom .	0	1
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	29	1
" When the idea struck , he raced to his sister 's apartment and proclaimed :	3	2
To Whom It May Concern :	2	1
This , in turn , has discouraged international investment in Israel and has made it less likely that immigrants to the country will actually remain there .	6	6
The next 5 companies were my responsibility while in EBS , and did not get assigned during the reorg .	0	2
You can use a crosstab query to calculate and restructure data for easier analysis .	9	6
This report is no exception .	4	5
Do not hit , yell , or harm them .	8	2
instead of suggesting a specific rate increase - 10 or 15 % , I think we should acknowledge that a " modest " increase may be necessary and may in fact be desirable - but that the specific amount of increase should be reasoned and subject to well thought out evidence and hearings , not just determined by whim .	41	3
Personally I think you should just keep on walking by .	3	2
Important news such as President Bush 's miniscule calibrations on his marriage amendment / anti-gay ( update : he 's not against gays in the bedroom , just at the altar , where of course their relationships should not only be frowned upon but should be constitutionally excluded ) has pushed Sudan not just off the front pages , or the A section , but out of the NY Times and Washington Post completely .	58	1
Because the field list of a page does not show the contents specific to a page , you can use the data outline to review the structure of a page .	24	3
This discordance between economic data and political rhetoric is familiar , or should be .	7	4
After checking for signs of fire or smoke and seeing none , I decided to just pack up and leave .	1	4
However , they were all waiting – all the sixteen or twenty pilgrims of them – for something ; and upon my word it did not seem an uncongenial occupation , from the way they took it , though the only thing that ever came to them was disease – as far as I could see .	27	1
Security measures are strict on flights to Israel , the bags are searched , the men are frisked , and the women have an electronic hoop passed over them , fore-and-aft .	2	2
She fell in love with him right away , not knowing that , at 31 , he had a reputation as a womanizer .	23	1
He demonstrates an excellent " Judicial Temperament , " being courteous , mild - mannered , respectful of all people ; careful in his work , meticulous in detail .	22	1
The law delineates a number of conditions whose fulfillment could bring the agreement back into effect : the USA would have to withdraw all of its troops from countries who joined NATO after 2000 , rescind all of the sanctions against Russia as well as reimburse the costs that have been incurred as a result of the sanctions .	51	4
Jens Otto Harry Jespersen or Otto Jespersen ( Danish : [ ʌtˢo ˈjɛsb̥ɐsn̩ ] ; 16 July 1860 – 30 April 1943 ) was a Danish linguist who specialized in the grammar of the English language .	19	1
The body acted almost exactly as the voice had : machine-like , fitful , alternating between slow and rapid gestures , rigid and yet expressive , as if the operation were out of control , not quite corresponding to the will that lay behind it .	39	2
This paper describes a collaborative pilot project focusing on a unique collection of 17th Century Zurbarán paintings .	9	1
It was spring , the barren time in March when you can not be sure if it is really warmer , but you are so desperate for change that you tell yourself the mud at the edge of the sidewalk is different from winter mud and you are sure that the smell of wet soil has suddenly a bit of the scent of summer rains , of grass and drowned earthworms .	69	4
Harry dashed around his room , collecting his things together and passing them out of the window to Ron .	7	2
That 's all you can really ask from a car dealer and Michael and Barrett hit all 3 .	12	4
You can also save tables , views , stored procedures , functions , and forms in a Microsoft Access project as a data access page .	6	3
THE MANAGER CAME OVER AND SAID HE WAS SORRY AND GAVE A NEW BATCH OF WINGS , HE SAID WE CA NT REALLY DO ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS ARE ALWAYS OPENING AND CLOSING .	8	3
2 ) S Luest P.O. Box 366 Garden Grove , CA 92842 USA	4	2
I knew that he was an innocent but I would never have believed him to be ignorant of such a thing .	6	4
Either these people do n't know anything about what they are renting , or worse - they are bait and switching .	0	3
printing , printing , copies , printing , copies , printing ,	3	1
This is the background to my conversation with Shanna .	2	2
These people are dangerous wether they 're head - banging to ' Canibal Corpse ' or humming along to ' Onward Christian Soldiers ' .	6	2
Citizens of Antigua and Barbuda ( 28 days ) , Barbados ( 28 days ) , Benin , Bosnia and Herzegovina , CIS ( except Ukraine and Uzbekistan ) , Dominica , Grenada ( 60 days ) , Liechtenstein ( 90 days ) , Macedonia , Malaysia ( 90 days ) , Mongolia , Montenegro ( 90 days ) , Namibia , Singapore , Slovakia , Saint Kitts and Nevis , Saint Lucia , Saint Vincent and the Grenadines , Serbia ( 90 days ) , Turkmenistan who can stay 30 days without visa .	85	1
Similarly , when you delete the last custom group for a field , the custom group field is automatically deleted .	8	3
I have been going to the Wildwood , NJ for over 30 years for summer vacations and always call the Madrid first .	9	2
12 . Remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in Section 6.1 .	11	1
... there is an upstart Crow , beautified with our feathers , that with his Tiger 's heart wrapped in a Player 's hide , supposes he is as well able to bombast out a blank verse as the best of you :	0	2
All have received Polaroids from the foundation .	2	4
This probably makes them less rowdy .	3	2
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they had n’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .	29	1
For a field trip with my orchestra , we are going to the Chicago Symphony Orchestra .	4	2
The declaration is optional but is recommended in any XML document .	4	2
The First World War brought about shifts and new developments in colonial politics .	7	2
Ca n't anyone help you ?	0	1
( This is a kind of " wind " of interstellar dust , caused by the fact that our solar system is moving with respect to the local interstellar medium . )	3	1
BTW you do nt want your leg locked in place , it will move WITH the horse a bit .	11	1
The taxpayer who has to pay for it , the smaller undertakings and species-friendly stock rearing all fall by the wayside .	19	2
Hospitality .!	1	1
Did you think when you created it that the Santorum cocktail would receive this news coverage ?	14	2
The IMF is founded on the premise that it represents cooperation between all of the countries of the world .	11	4
If anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments , please give me a call .	3	2
The owners are really nice , they serve good food at a good price , and the option to eat outside on the deck ( esp on the weekend whether there is hardly any traffic ) is great .	1	3
Take ten minutes and remove all distractions - your phone , magazines , or thoughts of your attractive love - and go into a working frenzy .	23	1
he told me he was going to be the first African at the bar here .	3	1
And the head of NATO , Hoop Scheffer , he has explained that NATO must take on responsibility for ensuring the security of pipelines and sea lanes , that is NATO must be a guarantor of energy supplies for the West .	8	1
# 2 the decor is tasteful and artistic , from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixtures .... and ( most importantly ) # 3 the food is FANTASTIC .	2	2
The other guy was pulled over one day and a cop saw suspicious papers with names and social security numbers on it .	2	2
All you need is 200 , but remember , the more you post , the more money you make !!	0	2
There 's of course Jason , who is our editor and he 's the one who writes dD .	4	3
It was 4:50 when a friend told me to call Bud , he would take care of me .	11	1
One resident of New Orleans said escaping from the storm was " hell " .	1	4
Like fjords , freshwater lakes are often deep .	2	1
They need to see the political dimension working , to see that officials accept their responsibilities and that there is communication with the citizens .	8	1
After his retirement in 1925 , Jespersen remained active in the international linguistic community .	1	2
Since he arrived eighteen months ago there 's been damn all for him to do except go fishing up at Rinsala .	9	2
What inspired you to create a cocktail after the santorum neologism ?	10	5
More specifically , they answered “ yes ” that the puppet described the pictures well .	1	6
During the session , he demanded to have my physical address , which I 've always kept private as I am enrolled in a witness protection program .	11	1
I expect Craig did n't want Mom to see his place because it was messy .	9	2
You can export tables , queries , and the data behind forms or reports from a Microsoft Access database ( .mdb ) as well as tables , views , stored produces , functions , and the data behind forms and reports from a Microsoft Access project ( .adp ) .	5	4
American defence chiefs hired a US firm to take the guns , from the 90s Bosnian war , to Iraq .	12	2
good luck	0	2
Erm ya How can I watch Fair City Online in England lols ?	7	2
I go in about every morning to get bagels for myself or my co-workers and the employees at Max 's are great !!	19	1
In particular , annexes cannot be adapted to take account of technical and industrial developments .	11	5
In 1997 , the Thai navy reported the interception of a 16 - meter boat after a chase off the Thai port of Ranong , and the confiscation of two tons of weapons and ammunition .	9	1
http://nigeria.usembassy.gov/scams.html	0	6
One of the silk screens exhibited at USI this time was the Annie Oakley screen print called " Cowboys and Indians " from 1987 .	7	2
Perceptions of resilience have given way to fears of vulnerability .	4	3
For this to be possible , what we need from the European Commission are not just good intentions , but clearer guidelines and a firm commitment to monitoring the way these resources are used by the Member States .	0	2
I do n't believe that folks who believe that America is the land of opportunity will change their views from this recent news .	14	6
The executive branch consists of a Minister of State as the head of government , who presides over a five - member Council of Government .	14	1
Place into the oven .	4	1
This knee - jerk reaction presumes that China 's current slowdown is but a prelude to more growth disappointments to come – a presumption that reflects widespread and longstanding fears of a broad array of disaster scenarios , ranging from social unrest and environmental catastrophes to housing bubbles and shadow - banking blow - ups .	31	1
His own descendants and the descendants of other Moriori live on today .	7	3
It ’s another low-grade moment of horror , but I think about that particular time with my mother because Renata was there and we were united , she and I .	30	1
Spain had expelled its Sephardic population in 1492 ; many of these Spanish Jews left Spain for Portugal but eventually were targeted there as well .	22	3
But when Neil , Bray , Evelyn Odara and the South African got down to the second-class trading area , the others had n't arrived .	20	2
But it really does not matter .	0	2
New York was the nowhere he had built around himself , and he realized that he had no intention of ever leaving it again .	17	1
$ 36 - Amount allocated per person for homeland security in Wyoming , Vice - President Cheney 's home state .	17	1
The logic is that ( nearly ) all Wave 4 respondents appeared in the Wave 1 sample , but not all would have been interviewed at Wave 3 due to differential patterns of temporary attrition .	6	1
A popular area on the weekend with a mixed vibe of hipster and hip hop .	15	1
Moving a field whose parent is a custom group field	6	1
" Honoré ( so named after Saint Honoré of Amiens , who is commemorated on 16 May , four days before Balzac 's birthday ) was actually the second child born to the Balzacs ;	31	1
I am very glad that some Members also spoke in favour of a special committee , during the debate .	15	1
We want things to be regulated properly so that the problem can be brought under control .	2	3
The Spanish story will surely end up being extremely costly to other European countries , including France , who is now expelling inciting preachers and forbidding veils and including others who sent troops to Iraq .	9	3
similarly , human beings may behave both as individual particles and as components of a larger wave .	3	3
Then to the beat of " dhin , dhin , ... , ta' , ta' " , the dancers begin their step , placing the big toe behind the heel of the other foot .	14	2
And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka .	5	4
You 'll still have to take another bus or the Metro down to Montparnasse .	14	1
I packed six loaves of flatbread , some olives , a hard cheese , one nice dress , walking clothes , my pills and glasses , a jug of wine , a can-teen of water , and a kitchen knife .	25	1
On the Liberty we liked the comedian and juggling act .	8	4
i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs .	20	2
Catalano moved back to the area after living in London and then Glasgow , where he had studied jewellery design at Glasgow School of Art .	14	3
Beaters can try hitting the bludgers around in the air with a shortened hockey sticks or a short bat .	9	2
Angry crowds chanted anti-American slogans in the western city of Falluja ( pop. 256,000 ) as the security police killed in a friendly fire incident by US troops were buried on Saturday .	32	1
Thanks Tussey Mountain Tree Plantation !	5	1
I believe ENE will continue to be range bound , but in case it is not , I do n't want to forgo 50 % of my option premium .	25	1
You 'll have to come visit to check out my new house .	2	2
For some reason it takes them awhile to learn not to step in poop .	5	2
The 99 - tonne cache of AK47s was to have been secretly flown out from a US base in Bosnia .	20	1
similarly , human beings may behave both as individual particles and as components of a larger wave .	17	1
Spreading democracy over the world , the Americans first fought rigged elections in Syria , but the old corruption continued despite all their power and money could do .	19	5
then I think I just kind of stopped smiling and just kind of sat there looking at the dates .	10	2
If you move or copy the data source , instead of updating the ConnectionString property of each dependent page , you only need to edit the connection information in the connection file to make the pages point to the right location or database .	10	1
We do n't want to have to give anyone permission to use our recordings , we want anyone to use them for whatever they want .	5	2
Two decades of pickling his nervous system in various highly toxic substances have left Bush damaged goods .	17	1
The price is quoted in JPY ( the ' Foreign Currency ' ) per US Dollar ( the ' Base Currency ' ) .	3	3
The gods were n't with us on that one .	5	1
It should make some sense , so that it will be easier to learn and speak with [ Example : Do n't use oh as e , hello as llo , and See ya as c yah ) .	20	1
Please know that I have yet to meet a convict who wants their child to be a thief , an addict , a dealer , a prostitute , or a violent individual .	22	1
When making a writing system , take a break about every five minutes and come back to it or all your letters will begin to look identical .	20	2
NASA is looking to private companies to launch both supplies and astronauts to the International Space Station , it announced this week .	13	2
Can you help me interpret this statement and work through the numbers on my account .	10	2
As for Ted , things are still going well although I have n't see him at all this week ( we are two very busy people ) .	12	2
Office Data Connection ( .odc )	0	3
The late romances , with their shifts in time and surprising turns of plot , inspired a last poetic style in which long and short sentences are set against one another , clauses are piled up , subject and object are reversed , and words are omitted , creating an effect of spontaneity .	51	1
After you are elected in 2004 , what will your memoirs say about you , what will the title be , and what will the main theme say ?	20	1
And the family will never set Dobby free .	4	3
Madam President , I do not wish to reopen the debate , but I had also asked for the floor , to comment on Mr Barón Crespo 's motion .	19	3
Bush nominated Jennifer M. Anderson for a 15 - year term as associate judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia , replacing Steffen W. Graae .	22	4
This is a terrorist organization plain and simple .	1	1
The connection , however , lies in an order issued last year by President Hu Jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped by America in case of conflict over Taiwan .	6	1
Today 's announcement is an affront to the thousands of dedicated men and women at Johnson Space Center , the greater Houston community and the State of Texas , and I m deeply disappointed with the Administration 's misguided decision .	4	1
He sat there impassively , reading the night-owl edition of the next morning 's Daily News .	15	2
Considering the importance of the proper functioning of attention , because of its involvement in the regulation of thoughts and emotions , maintaining the performance of this process is very important , especially in school , where the child must acquire content in an environment full of countless distractors .	24	6
The crew of the Shenzhou VI spacecraft was identified as Fei Junlong , 40 , and Nie Haishen , 41 , by China 's official news agency .	0	2
The city 's name reflects its history as a city " reborn from the ashes " of the previous settlement .	3	2
But let me know if I can spend a day , morning , or even just an afternoon down there with you whenever it is a good time .	24	1
Though I am loathe to quote other writers at legnth in this space , this little bit from Dan Froomkin 's " White House Briefing " column in the WashPost today is just too good to pass up ( read the whole column here ) :	3	3
By the way , Cullen and Dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to Melanie Gray .	14	3
My house already feels fresh and good thanks to the Battery Park Pest I 'm enjoying my time indoors much better .	17	2
Madam President , there are only two ways to improve air quality .	7	2
10 - Number of days that the Pentagon spent investigating a soldier who had called the President " a joke " in a letter to the editor of a Newspaper .	10	1
When I met her in 2012 , she had just harvested her first crop of maize grown from a seed specifically adapted for Tanzania 's climate .	13	2
Soaring public debts surely exacerbate the problem , because future generations are being asked both to service our debt and to pay for our retirements .	11	2
I was very upset when I went to Mother Plucker , they had NO FEATHERS and the quality is TERRIBLE .	10	1
This e-mail is never sent unsolicited .	0	2
( Participants pledged to raise at least $ 100,000 by bundling together cheques of up to $ 1,000 from friends and family .	10	4
Rolls up to Cherokee Finance VOF , a CFC .	9	1
if it s from the side i do nt have to worry about propping it up , but the snake can still burn itself if it slithers along the side of the tank and i also read that it does nt distribute heat as well ?	43	1
Sulphur is a key plant nutrient vital to healthy growth , but UK soils are naturally deficient in this essential mineral .	1	1
This debate and the amendment of the Directive currently in force allow us to incorporate differentiating elements which demonstrate the diversity of this Europe of ours .	7	5
She makes you feel like you are the most important person in the world .	12	2
And the Tigers look as if they are on the brink of launching another offensive , " Muni told IPS .	3	2
Attached for your review are copies of the settlement documents that were filed today in the Gas Industry Restructuring / Natural Gas Strategy proceeding , including the Motion for Approval of the Comprehensive Settlement that is supported by thirty signatories to the Comprehensive Settlement , the Comprehensive Settlement document itself , and the various appendices to the settlement .?	37	1
The so called ' Tanker ' wars in the late 1980s put Iran squarely in the bullseye of all nations seeking to transport oil out of the region .	2	3
I would n't have believed it of myself ; but , then – you see – I felt somehow I must get there by hook or by crook .	5	1
Also on Main St. is Metropolitan Plants , a haven for flower lovers , with a very large selection of products for gardeners .	14	2
We know , for example , that he was thirty-five years old .	7	1
Thin translucent shadows move across her — the shadows of the neosilk-and-nanotube filaments that hang the city from the hundreds of five-kilometer-high towers that encircle it .	22	3
You 've always been subscribed to your friends .	6	2
He really knows what he is talking about and will approach the different options fairly .	1	3
When making a writing system , take a break about every five minutes and come back to it or all your letters will begin to look identical .	16	1
In 1947 Copeland had been sent to Damascus ( " by whom is not stated , " Kedourie says ) " to make unofficial contact " with Syrian leaders and " to probe for means of persuading them , on their own , to liberalize their political system . "	16	1
Staff is super friendly , treat you as a friend .	10	1
I 'm so glad you dance , she said ; he was ashamed that he had asked her only out of politeness .	10	1
Do nt go to the one by pepco , I got confused !!!	2	1
These visitors are sometimes treated as if they were the heroes of an Arabian Nights ' tale .	16	2
We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same - gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights , responsibilities , and commitments of civil marriage .	12	3
The cast members really have to have incredibly powerful voices to pull off a few of the most poignant numbers ( I think this could be your true calling ) .	3	3
When you get the tank make sure you wash the inside ( with plain water ) then you wash the gravel ( with only water too ) take out all the stuff that is floating on top .	33	1
Even that locution , ' his appointment ' , seemed odd to him .	5	2
he saw the consul 's wife , whom he had met briefly , disappearing upstairs with her head bent consolingly to a Siamese .	16	2
Antigua was awesome .	1	2
It is very clean , staff is friendly , and I have never waited !	12	3
According to Rathbun , a detective for the Los Angeles Sheriff 's office was provided with material from Scientology to build a case against Montalvo .	1	1
* Preserves a rate differential between the Redwood and Baja paths , although somewhat less than the current differential . *	10	3
Prices for electricity jumped from an average of $ 249 a megawatt to $ 700 a megawatt within three days , ISO records show .	11	4
' A radical Shiite Muslim cleric has expressed solidarity with the militant Palestinian group Hamas and said that he should be considered the group 's " striking arm " in Iraq .	15	2
Take up as much space as you can to dance until everyone is staring at you . [ 3 ]	2	1
Your appliances are also murder on the straps , which are almost always the first things to wear out on your overalls .	18	2
Yes ; but it is like a running blaze on a plain , like a flash of lightning in the clouds .	14	1
The epitaph carved into the stone slab covering his grave includes a curse against moving his bones , which was carefully avoided during restoration of the church in 2008 .	7	4
The next item is the order of business .	3	1
Although this email and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or other defect that might affect any computer system into which it is received and opened , it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by Century Development or any of its affiliates for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use .	53	1
He felt himself the middle-aged relative , a man of vague repute come from afar to the wedding and drawn helplessly and not unenjoyably into everything .	17	4
After that , he made a great effort to be calm .	1	2
The important commercial species that probably would benefit from warming include cod , haddock , saithe , herring , blue whiting and several types of flatfish and crustaceans -- such as the Norway lobster .	33	4
For my part , I feel that the negotiations were balanced and that they open the way for achieving a sustainable market .	2	2
Also , let me know of any other ideas about replacement property .	4	2
There was lax control over the distribution of the Ames strain that was used , especially in light of the fact that transfers were not even required to be recorded prior to 1997 .	32	2
It ’s easy to annoy people when you are cramped in such a small , tight space .	17	1
Dizzy and bruised , covered in soot , he got gingerly to his feet , holding his broken glasses up to his eyes .	7	1
Ave ! Old knitter of black wool . Morituri te salutant .	4	1
so any price you find , DOUBLE IT figure , $ 40 K at least .	8	3
his clinic is very very dirty he is a real disaster to go totally not organized for every step he take .	12	1
On the other hand , it looks pretty cool .	6	3
James Bateman came the day I called and fixed the problem quickly and efficiently .	4	2
If walking use caution , and if parking , make sure to feed the meter with plenty of pocket change ; the meter maids take their job very seriously .	27	2
The data outline displays a tree view of the data model of a data access page .	4	1
These smaller companies either dispose of their cargo or mix it with other cargo , which causes problems .	1	4
Still if you can get your pet shop to do a hardness or TDS ( total Dissolved Solids ) test , that may give you a hint .	12	1
Since September 11 , Pakistan has been repeatedly accused by Afghan and Western leaders of harbouring Taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections , but at the highest level the US has avoided criticising President Pervaiz Musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the US catch Al Qaeda elements inside Pakistan .	14	1
It appears this guy is going to bring stability to the country and I think that 's good news for the subcontinent . "	4	1
But , before hand in middle school , I kept on hearing about this guy named Mario , and he kept on hearing about me , this girl named Isabel .	1	1
Hill ( right ) with fellow 2012 presidential candidate Buddy Roemer .	3	1
Whereas recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom , justice and peace in the world ;	20	1
As I have told RNR , I think we should advise Duke in writing that its IP is not in conformity with the contract , since it is in the alternative , and that our IP is hence the only one that will be before the arbitrators ( since Duke clearly can not change it's ineffective IP at this stage , having already seen ours ) .	40	2
The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced " Vilt-two " — the discoverer was German , I believe ) .	1	4
Image : David Titley .	0	3
This is a homeland security issue of the most existential kind .	4	4
It was the mango season , and there were the saffron-yellow sabres of the pips , sucked hairy , everywhere where people passed .	6	2
You always want to go higher rather than wider for rats .	2	2
She was eventually sent to Rehabilitation Project Force in Sydney , which the Church describes as a religious retreat , but critics charge is a forced work camp .	10	1
These changes , while significant , were concentrated in the elite , and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages .	6	2
Afterwards as the evening faded he cleaned the gun almost by feel and the clean , practical smell of gun-oil conveyed the simple satisfaction of the task .	21	2
John	0	2
His first histories , which draw heavily on the 1587 edition of Raphael Holinshed 's Chronicles of England , Scotland , and Ireland , dramatise the destructive results of weak or corrupt rule and have been interpreted as a justification for the origins of the Tudor dynasty .	43	1
Personally , I should like to see a number of other requirements deleted .	7	1
10 - Number of days that the Pentagon spent investigating a soldier who had called the President " a joke " in a letter to the editor of a Newspaper .	29	5
When China 's currency ceases to be undervalued , American shoppers in Wal - Mart , where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in China , will think they are in Neiman Marcus .	26	2
Allegedly , Thomas ' sister pleaded with him to send Gloria to a conventional medical doctor , but he replied " I am not able to do that " .	14	4
William Shakespeare ( 26 April 1564 ( baptised ) – 23 April 1616 ) was an English poet , playwright and actor , widely regarded as the greatest writer in the English language and the world 's pre - eminent dramatist .	7	4
However Pakistani officials insist that the decision was unconnected to the tripartite meeting .	7	2
Wintour herself appears briefly , and is filmed putting her sunglasses on before being interviewed .	14	6
I have tryed to give him water but he wo nt take it .. what should i do ?	16	1
I have asked for 4 outside ports and should anyone else need to join in , they may do so with the access code and without operator assistance .	18	1
Give yourself the gift of trying this place , to see if it fits you ...	5	3
We collected wild colonies of Formica fusca by searching through old tree-trunks in old logging sites in southern Finland .	2	2
But there was in it one river especially , a mighty big river , that you could see on the map , resembling an immense snake uncoiled , with its head in the sea , its body at rest curving afar over a vast country , and its tail lost in the depths of the land .	12	3
Of the total 56 projects , 41 originate at the competent authorities of Member States , while 15 are an initiative of the Commission / OLAF .	14	3
wood can vary from cork wood or balsa wood , or press - board , or plywood , and pre-cut 2 by 4 or slats , you can check home depot or hardware shops for larger pieces ,	28	3
Today , Putin is seeking to make the West complicit in the dismemberment of Ukraine by negotiating a Kremlin - designed federal constitution that would create a dozen Crimeas – bite - size chunks that Russia could devour more easily later .	31	1
Cherokee Finance VOF is assigned to North America ( Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker ) .	9	2
Of course you 'll come back to us now !	7	1
At the age of one , Harry had somehow survived a curse from the greatest dark sorcerer of all time , Lord Voldemort , whose name most witches and wizards still feared to speak .	32	1
I listen carefully , closely , more closely than I 've ever listened in my life , utterly attentive , but I often feel that I have dropped into a shoreless sea .	19	1
THEIR GRILL DISHES ARE OUT TA THIS WORLD AND SUSHI IS JUST FABULOUS !!!!	10	1
Cheapest surgeons work out of some small clinic and do not have the skills you are looking for . .	6	3
Snowman would jump the high fencing that separated the two properties and always return to where he felt was home .	4	2
What was Bush doing with his youth ?	3	3
The Twitter attention led to outreach from Google and Mohamed was invited to their Google Science Fair .	11	4
To promote one of the most trivial interests we have , thousands of animals are tormented for their whole lives . "	1	4
While the Indian army has become rock - solid in the western front , and has developed the capability of withstanding any Pakistani adventure in that sector , it has become highly vulnerable in its eastern sector , where its enemy is not a national army but a multitude of secessionist , terrorist and drug - running militants operating between Southeast Asia and northeastern India through Bangladesh .	47	1
Like most of us I was a little skeptical and little worried about the legal aspects of it all .	8	5
I – I mean , he faltered as sparks flew from Mrs Weasley 's eyes , that – that was very wrong , boys – very wrong indeed	3	2
" Non ! " means " non " , not " I might consider it , and I will keep you attached to my apron strings just in case . "	12	3
Chinese New Year and other feasts observed by Thai Chinese vary with respect to both , as these are calculated according to the Chinese calendar .	9	4
Imaginary good is boring ; real good is always new , marvelous , intoxicating .	11	5
" As an American , I would like to take this opportunity to tell all the ' USA and Bush Bashers ' that I am appalled at the number of ' allies ' that are using this disaster as their podium to spread their useless opinions .	9	2
I never felt worried and walked away satisfied .	4	2
Do n't be so ridiculous , Fred , said Mrs Weasley , her cheeks rather pink .	4	5
The formalin is great for preserving structures , but for anemones , it prevents study of DNA or of the chemistry of the body .	14	3
And after the war , I had buried my children , all four , in white linen shrouds in the new graveyards plowed into what used to be our farmland : all the land stretching from the river delta to the hills .	12	2
I also wonder if he might have had a slight stroke ?	5	3
The place smells and the owner is very very rude !	2	3
Currently , I am writing a book on natural supplements to aid weight loss , with Harry Preuss , MD , a Professor of Medicine at Georgetown University ; it is scheduled for publication by Broadway ( Random House ) in January 2007 .	6	2
I 've spoken to vendors who are used by them who had nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid to quote events against them even though they openly admitted that they felt Canadian Outback was pricing their entertainment out of the market and doing more to hurt their business than help them .	0	1
Given the regrettable leaks that he was under suspicion , it is only fair that the FBI leak with equal enthusiasm the fact that Dr. Hatfill has now been dropped as a suspect if and when that proves to be the case .	14	2
Aner Shalev is an Israeli mathematician and writer born in 1958 in Kibbutz Kinneret , Tiberias .	8	2
I rrly seek the cehf out to introduce myself -- but the second time we went -- i made a point of asking our wait person to introduce my friend and myself to the chef to tell him just how good our meals were .	38	2
The Schlei and the wetlands between the Danevirke and Husum had frozen solid in a hard winter , and the territory immediately south of the Danevirke had been conquered by the advancing German army .	1	3
The premise with which the administartion is acting is that if they expeditiously suspend everyone 's right to bilateral contracts quickly , it sets up a barrier which the direct access coalition must break through .	14	4
For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e. U.S. and U.K. branches ) .	30	4
I thought the US government was looking for me .	6	4
you will need to give him only a small place to explore , so he can make it his territory , and feel safe there .	7	1
" That kind of a financial incentive [ ... ] will be sufficient to allow substantial providers to emerge , " Griffin said .	17	1
When creating a data access page , you can choose whether you want to link the page to a connection file or simply use a connection file without creating a link .	15	2
The Pericles programme is playing a significant role in achieving the present results in the protection of the euro and the fight against the crime of counterfeiting , through the exchange of information and the development of cooperation .	25	1
Also , please pass this along to everyone you know , and all of your email contacts .	12	2
Therefore he whacked the old nigger mercilessly , while a big crowd of his people watched him , thunderstruck , till some man , – I was told the chief 's son , – in desperation at hearing the old chap yell , made a tentative jab with a spear at the white man – and of course it went quite easy between the shoulder-blades .	48	1
There were four of us and I was taken first by a gentleman .	7	2
It is genetic and the child needs to get the gene from both parents to turn into a vegetable instead of a thinking child .	1	1
The real purpose of my call , however , is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol .	11	1
Even taking into account the fact that my 3 year old wanted to run most of the way round , it took us just over one hour start to finish .	7	1
Now the mites are finally closing in .	2	3
Then the whole population cleared into the forest , expecting all kinds of calamities to happen , while , on the other hand , the steamer Fresleven commanded left also in a bad panic , in charge of the engineer , I believe .	20	2
Okay , FIRST , you have posted a question about an American movie , set in Mexico , in the Dining Out in Argentina category .	1	1
I met you at the Risk conference last week in Houston .	2	2
They are deemed to be on notice that they had alternate point rights ( it s in the tariff ) and if they wanted to submit a bid that had a different rate for primaries and alternates , they could have done so .	25	3
This map shows the location of the Ross Ice Shelf in the Antarctic , and the two known localities for E. andrillae relative to McMurdo Station	14	2
prospective audiences differ both in decoding ability and in potential interest .	11	1
It will also give us a future in the two very important industries that we can not ignore and ensure Europe 's future prosperity .	5	1
The Chatham Islands consist of the main island , Chatham Island itself , with a population of 600 , smaller Pitt Island with about 40 inhabitants , and a number of rocky outcrops .	1	4
Within himself , however , it felt as though his stay had lasted three or four hours at most .	5	1
See you climbing later	1	2
However , you might attract other types of owls or birds of prey with your nesting box .	4	4
One day he remarked , without lifting his head , ' In the interior you will no doubt meet Mr. Kurtz . '	21	1
Damascus has been intent for years upon establishing significant military strength to serve as a counterweight to Israel 's overwhelming capabilities .	7	6
I should think the bar of the Silver Rhino 's as good a place as any to learn what 's really going on .	22	1
For information specific to U.S. citizens see Americans in Cuba	5	4
He does not keep a civilized face .	5	5
Now , however , he is to go before the courts once more because the public prosecutor is appealing .	0	2
There was a very small pile of silver Sickles inside , and just one gold Galleon .	1	2
What became known as the palace coup began on Oct. 26 when ISO board members voted for severe restrictions on the amount of money electricity producers could charge for power .	21	3
You can group based on the first n characters of the individual items .	9	1
and Julius Caesar — based on Sir Thomas North 's 1579 translation of Plutarch 's Parallel Lives — which introduced a new kind of drama .	24	3
If you can afford to go before , then by all means , GO .	1	2
In March 2003 , Mohammed reportedly said that Moussaoui was not going to be part of 9/11 but was to be part of a " second wave . "	19	1
Her answer was short and manner rather rude .	2	2
Kyle with Bullwark	1	2
Recently I 'm having trouble training him .	2	1
Even partition is not a possibility , there are no clear borders between the two .	10	3
One poster admitted to being a part of the effort , writing in a blog post " I have myself , as per instructions , loaded up Gigaloader and started bombarding the Scientology homepage .	28	2
What we could do , however , was to study anatomy and figure out what it is , so that when we have samples preserved for studying e.g. , the genome , transcriptome , or metabolome , or conduct tests of the fluid in the burrows or in the animals themselves , we can make precise comparisons , and figure out what these animals have or do ( metabolically or chemically ) that lets them live where they live .	68	6
The letters , six in all , were sent within two hours of each other and represented dozens of power generators .	19	3
We would like to thank our emergency plumbers who visted our shop in Morningside Road today .	0	1
There was a violent scuffling noise , the peony bush shuddered and Ron straightened up .	5	3
i need to know how they are different and alike in these area's	3	2
$ 11.5 m - Amount of hard money raised through the Pioneer programme , the controversial fund - raising process created for the Bush - Cheney 2000 campaign .	14	2
I 'm under 21 + and looking for a nice place to take my boyfriend out for dinner where they play music and there is a dance floor .	22	2
or do i just show them passport and walk through the gates ?	5	2
Places Rated Almanac ranks the area second in recreational options out of 354 US metro areas .	0	3
It 's not enough to have photography skills .	2	2
You do n't need ideas , you do n't need to move out of your chair , you simply go on producing a noise out of the magic box to keep the natives quiet – and now , boom , it 's all gone , including the only incentive they ever had , their pension .	13	1
Or you might well fall out of the wrong fireplace –	4	2
He 's a good chap , if they 'll let him alone , he 's learnt a lot , and one 's done what one could ...	25	3
He supposed he had n't spoken clearly enough through his mouthful of ashes back in the Weasleys fire .	8	4
The application allows visualization of the player 's performance and offers the possibility of monitoring by teachers .	14	5
When they see that you ar nt harming them , the will go up on your finger when you say up .	19	2
It is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of George Harrison , who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him .	5	2
Kalkat , who currently chairs the independent US - based International Council on Conflict Resolution , said despite the failure of the Indian army to disarm or even subdue the Tigers , India remained the only power capable of influencing the course of the current peace talks .	24	1
Sunni Iraqis contend that elections are impossible to hold under occupation .	5	2
In his last phase , he wrote tragicomedies , also known as romances , and collaborated with other playwrights .	5	1
3 . Is there too much mineral in the water ?	9	3
if you do have a male but they are not in the same cage or breeding but you touch him then her she will smell his sent and probably lay eggs .	10	1
If you do n't finish the task in the allotted time , then you move on to the next one .	4	3
They may also give themselves undue credit for positive achievements instead of acknowledging the input of others or of circumstances .	5	3
He shook it , feeling the uncanny slenderness of her bones , and asked if her name was Norwegian .	18	5
I felt as if I was in an over priced Olive Garden .	5	2
It ’s another low-grade moment of horror , but I think about that particular time with my mother because Renata was there and we were united , she and I .	22	2
while in The Rape of Lucrece , the virtuous wife Lucrece is raped by the lustful Tarquin .	14	2
What I saw was dozens of school buses submerged that could have been used to evacuate people who had no transportation .	13	2
The impact of factors like poverty , maternal literacy , sanitation , and housing conditions on children 's health – and , in turn , on social and economic outcomes – is well documented .	24	1
Commissioner , we shall continue to raise the issue , as Article 158 , paragraph 1 , of the Treaty of Amsterdam provides for an integrated policy for islands .	28	4
no they wo nt be able to some gamestops do nt check ID for the pre-order so some ppl can get away with doing this but a lot of store want to see your id and / or your reciept of the pre-order	41	2
But how can we compare these innovations with those like the laser , the transistor , the Turing machine , and the mapping of the human genome , each of which has led to a flood of transformative products ?	27	1
It 's fine - just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm .	0	1
Do n't dwell too long on small talk .	7	2
If you got the chance today , I should be really grateful if one of you could give me a call to discuss this issue ; I think we should set out DPC 's position clearly on this in correspondence without too much delay .	25	1
It s natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank would be very overcrowded .	10	3
After a train ride over the mountains , we enjoyed hiking in the flower - filled Wenatchee hills ( in May ) and a very interesting bike ride in a loop around the Columbia River ... and then wine if we wanted it on the patio in the evening ....	48	4
Stop gibbering , said Ron , we 've come to take you home with us .	7	2
I have a 10 gallon nano reef with 10 lbs of live fiji rock , and 10 lbs of live carribean sand .	18	1
I also mentioned to the reception person .	1	2
I 'm going on a trip to Europe soon , and I need to find a good , quality raincoat .	19	4
I have asked Doug Daniels to prepare the settlement papers reflecting such an agreement .	11	2
i want to hook up with that girl paige in the brown leather jacket .	8	3
My goal , however optimistic , is to execute the risk policy by the end of today .	11	3
If your washing machine is worth its salt , it will undo those straps in a heartbeat and tie them in a sheet bend unless you prevent it .	25	2
Hunters for gold or pursuers of fame , they all had gone out on that stream , bearing the sword , and often the torch , messengers of the might within the land , bearers of a spark from the sacred fire .	8	2
And though he is not permitted to sit beside women unrelated to him or to look at them or to communicate with them in any manner ( all of which probably saves him a great deal of trouble ) , he seems a good-hearted young man and he is visibly enjoying himself .	22	2
Though some considered him insane or eccentric , citizens of San Francisco celebrated his regal presence and his proclamations , such as his order that the United States Congress be dissolved by force and his numerous decrees calling for a bridge connecting San Francisco to Oakland , and a corresponding tunnel to be built under San Francisco Bay .	15	4
You can improve the overall security of your account by updating your security information .	10	4
I did n't think I 'd be awarded one , but I received the Dux Litterarum award at high school , so my chances were probably better than I thought they were .	2	2
Mind , he began again , lifting one arm from the elbow , the palm of the hand outwards , so that , with his legs folded before him , he had the pose of a Buddha preaching in European clothes and without a lotus-flower – Mind , none of us would feel exactly like this .	2	1
Barón de Claret , the only one in Government with a noble title .	0	3
Royal Caribbean is better , but the best cruiseline is Regent Seven Seas .	9	1
There 's your Company 's station , said the Swede , pointing to three wooden barrack-like structures on the rocky slope .	3	4
I think Darfur is , again , the last , or among the last battles between old and new .	15	4
I have eaten here several times and every time the service is slower than slow .	3	2
Ahmed Mohamed , a 14-year-old boy from Irving , Texas , was arrested at his school by police after he brought a digital clock he had made to school .	1	4
First , Access searches for a RefLibPaths key in the following location in the Microsoft Windows Registry :	13	2
The vote will be taken at 12.00 noon tomorrow .	2	2
if everything is filtered , and you still have this problem - try changing the filter - if it is still there , try doubling up on the filters ...	4	1
In 1937 , Nida undertook studies at the University of Southern California , where he obtained a master 's degree in New Testament Greek in 1939 .	10	4
It has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time , the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .	33	4
If that facility is available to Vice-President – and good luck to him – is it available to other Members ?	12	2
How much could it possibly cost ?	1	2
" The American Minister at Damascus decided to encourage a military coup-d'etat , so that Syria might enjoy democracy , " Kedourie writes .	17	3
With each breath , feel the muscles in your body becoming lighter and lighter , and also your external motor and sensory organs are feeling like they are withdrawing from the world into a special inner quietness .	29	2
I had been telling Shahar when we were walking in the Gai-Hinnom that I had n't liked it when David Ben-Gurion on his visits to the United States would call upon American Jews to give up their illusions about goyish democracy and emigrate full speed to Israel .	35	1
Ideally this group would consist of four to six people from finance , legal , and operations so that we get good cross-functional feedback about our services .?	14	1
Quinn was no longer that part of him that could write books , and although in many ways Quinn continued to exist , he no longer existed for anyone but himself .	29	2
All the carriers were speaking together , and in the midst of the uproar the lamentable voice of the chief agent was heard ' giving it up ' tearfully for the twentieth time that day ...	33	2
Once Bet was asleep it was impossible to wake her up .	11	1
3 ) G. V. & A. Bourret 41 Broome St , # 1 Brooklyn , NY 11222 USA	5	1
Have they expressed any interest in negotiating ?	4	4
Gorbachev also proposed a nuclear free weapons zone in the region , but the U.S would n’t consider that .	4	4
It was good to hear from you !	7	1
The terms of office of the Members thus appointed shall expire at the same time as those of the Members in office at the time of accession .	14	2
The findings demonstrate the inhibitory network is central to controlling not only the amplitude , extent and duration of activation of recurrent excitatory cortical networks , but also the precise timing of action potentials , and , thus , network synchronization ... "	21	5
Here are some better options IMO :	6	1
Anyone who 's spent a lot of time on a farm with chickens is probably familiar with this trick .	7	2
If India could transform its IP regime to resemble the US system , which is more robust than China 's , the benefits would be even greater .	12	1
I never got a price quote over the phone and they take your cc info just to make the appointment because if you do n't show up , they 'll charge you .	21	1
How to make a breyer horse stable ?	4	3
In my letter to Le Monde I had said that in the French tradition there were two attitudes toward the Jews : a revolutionary attitude which had resulted in their enfranchisement , and an anti-Semitic one .	7	2
In this hard economic times is very important to save money Very reasonable prices top quality work The owner operator he does all the the work with Helpers very friendly I definitely recommend this this guys Do n't get jack by big companies that they pay a lot of money to be on top of the list Thanks	10	3
Anyway , I was practically raised on this stuff , and being a connoisseur of West Indian cuisine , Jamaica Way is a bit toned down to suit the American palette .	5	3
It ’s an interesting tool , created to overload/create malformed strings and crash a website ’s database , " said the post by an unknown author on pigmy .	9	5
The complaint , filed with the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development , accuses HANO of violating a 2003 enforcement agreement entered into between former St. Thomas Housing Development residents , the City of New Orleans , HANO , and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development during the HOPE VI redevelopment of St. Thomas , now known as River Garden .	21	6
The Earth was struck by an asteroid , a huge amount of debris was jettisoned into the atmosphere .	3	3
Education during the Renaissance was mainly composed of ancient literature and history as it was thought that the classics provided moral instruction and an intensive understanding of human behavior .	18	4
Great Sanwiches , Great Prices	4	3
After these successes , he signed a contract with Team Telekom and moved in with his girlfriend in Merdingen in Südbaden , where he lived until 2002 .	24	3
The staff was very helpful , and gave us good advice on day and night time activities .	6	2
The moving company is actualy based in Brooklyn , but advertised all over NY / NJ , including Fort Lee .	7	4
We have had no contact with the ENA / Enron Mexico commercial or legal people and I do n't want to bust any structuring goals .	14	3
Due to his keen observation of detail and unfiltered representation of society , Balzac is regarded as one of the founders of realism in European literature .	15	4
Tindi Kente is a wonderful dancer , wonderful , is n't she ... just like a snake brought out by music , and sometimes he 'll try with her .	24	1
The Macedonian army advanced as far as the pass of Thermopylae which divides Greece in two parts , but it did not attempt to take it because it was strongly guarded by a joint force of Athenians , Spartans , and Achaeans .	14	1
" There have been large numbers of population extinctions in Mexico and southern California in areas where the habitat is still acceptable . "	18	4
For example , if the chart summarizes sales revenue , and the source data also includes sales quantities , you might add the Quantity field as a data field to summarize both revenue and quantity of products sold .	9	1
It was prefaced with a poem by Ben Jonson , in which Shakespeare is hailed , presciently , as " not of an age , but for all time .	5	2
Enron continues to feel free to move me around at will .	1	5
Pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 RAW agents based in Kandahar and another 12 in Jalalabad .	14	2
I 'm sure that you can find some hotels that are running in the christchurch area , but if not then there would be some in close by towns .	21	3
I am not a client of liquidweb.com , but one of my friend called Steven is the client having several websites .	7	1
She asked for the dinner combo and they gave her two dinner plates instead .	1	3
( do not take away the food dish from the birds , they will associate you as the person who takes away their food ) ....	11	1
Last week , Federal District Judge Lynn Hughes in Huston , Texas , threw out Wilson 's two - decades old conviction .	5	3
Opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .	0	4
The person went to go check with the manager , who was sitting at a table chatting with her friends who were eating there .	23	3
Click the " Subscribe " button on someone 's Profile to get their public updates in your News Feed .	4	1
I am very glad that some Members also spoke in favour of a special committee , during the debate .	4	2
Oh you make the usual mistake of seeing the life of the African people as a blank ... and then the colonialists come along and we come to life – in your compounds and back yards .	35	3
Europe 's farmers need help now .	6	1
Performance tests will either be performed on a project basis or a unit by unit basis in a given project .	10	1
Filter fields allow you to confine the view to a particular part of the available data .	15	2
To avoid confusion , ensure that aliases and column names are always unique in an SQL statement .	7	2
A continuous noise of the rapids above hovered over this scene of inhabited devastation .	14	1
I need HELP with my Syrian Hamster !!!?	0	1
Today we have two directives before us , including this one on capital income .	1	1
What do you think the impact will be for the Paralympic movement will be with the Games being televised live in the United States for first time ?	4	2
Auster opened the door wider and gestured for Quinn to enter the apartment .	11	2
After one month 's full - bore effort , I 'm pleased with the results ( e.g. , we forecast Nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned out $ 46 ) .	20	3
The Needle report on the European Union 's new public health policy seems to ignore this fact completely .	1	3
I decided that Nicki would just have to wait on her own .	3	3
It was the evening when Bray , Neil , Evelyn Odara , one of the South African refugees , the Pettigrews , and a few others set off for the Sputnik Bar .	27	2
Get masking tape or packing tape and tape screws and other little things that came out of something back against it .	16	1
He said Mr Dar , 33 , was arrested in Indian - administered Kashmir and belonged to the outlawed Lashkar - e - Toiba militant group .	10	3
deleting a question where you do nt like the answer wo n't get you better answers ... i refer to my previous answer :	14	3
I especially like the Chicken Curry pie .	1	5
A rich stink of dead animal rose self-dispersed , like a gas , every now and then as he drank his tea , and he got up and looked around , as he had done so many times before , and with as little success , to see if a rat or mole were rotting somewhere .	13	3
The rules are even more strict for foreign visitors , so even if you see a local in shorts it 's not OK for everyone .	25	1
Such integration could be facilitated by wide availability of and easy access to information relating to the sustainability of their products .	20	4
This year we were n't sure .	5	2
Beaters try to peg players with their bludger .	0	4
But it did revolutionize the way we think of as a smartphone .	7	3
I look forward to working toward a mutually satisfactory agreement in this new and thorny area of e-commerce contracting .	0	1
Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge ) ?	5	5
Following enlargement , this type of activity is likely to develop further , which is also in line with the recommendation of the Pericles evaluator .	6	4
Rhonda L Denton	0	3
The coordination of the Pericles and other training actions is carried out at the Commission ’s Euro counterfeiting experts group , which brings together experts from all member states and candidate countries , with participation of Europol , the ECB and Interpol .	29	2
Given the chance your cat may only have one kidney , I would think the worst case scenario would be kidney disease , which untreated can lead to possible renal failure .	30	4
I expect that many of the displaced people ( those affluent and those not ) will remain in the places they were evacuated to .	8	1
When people are searching using the virtual microscope , they will be looking not for the particles , but for the tracks that the particles make , which are much larger — several microns in diameter .	18	2
Between 1585 and 1592 , he began a successful career in London as an actor , writer , and part - owner of a playing company called the Lord Chamberlain 's Men , later known as the King 's Men .	22	1
Then I remembered there was a big concern , a Company for trade on that river .	8	1
And yet he goes on to say , Quinn added , that Cid Hamete Benengali 's is the only true version of Don Quixote 's story .	25	3
Abdul Muneem Patel , 17 , London E5	3	1
In our example conversation , you might work a joke or two into your music-related small talk .	17	1
Dragging back the little curtain from the oval window , she looked into the dazzling glare of space and said , Glorious morning up here ! and they discussed with animation the cold and sudden winter that was left behind .	16	1
He then wrote mainly tragedies until about 1608 , including Hamlet , King Lear , Othello , and Macbeth , considered some of the finest works in the English language .	15	4
If some records in one of the fields you used in the expression might have a Null value , you can convert the Null value to zero using the Nz function as shown in the following example :	25	1
She had taken out of storage the furniture and family possessions that had been nothing but a nuisance to her when they left England together twenty years ago , and , putting them in place , inevitably had accepted the life the arrangement of such objects provided for , and her comfortable private income made possible .	43	1
The other ethicities were n't well represented in politics yet -- or rather , they were just breaking the color barrier in the 70's due largely to the more open - minded hippy generation .	34	1
If You create a Collective Work , upon notice from any Licensor You must , to the extent practicable , remove from the Collective Work any reference to such Licensor or the Original Author , as requested .	35	1
The vegetarian dishes and lighter fare were almost always spot - on , while the lamb was often dry and / or overcooked .	9	2
Magazines constantly change their policy on it ; they want it , they do n't want it ...	15	2
Earlier , Kerry said , “ Just because you get an honorable discharge does not , in fact , answer that question . ”	9	2
We trust and appreciate Scott Larson and know that he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs !	3	5
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW , IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU ON ANY LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY SPECIAL , INCIDENTAL , CONSEQUENTIAL , PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OF THE WORK , EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES .	31	1
Mr President , I too would like to congratulate the rapporteur on her excellent work .	5	3
PivotTable view	1	2
But to stand , day after day , and to make such preposterous statements , known to everybody to be lies , without even being ridiculed in your own milieu , can only happen in this region .	34	1
I 've tried calling them a week ago , they said they ca n't give me those details over the phone , or let me know , keep asking me to go to some website , but there 's nothing useful on it	30	1
they puff out to look bigger and badder and they can scratch you a lil if u r holding them to tight :)	17	1
He gazed anxiously from the car as if , despite the telephone call , he were not sure if Bray had been safely received , but once he set eyes on him behaved as if they had seen each other a week ago .	14	1
Trump 's wife , Melania Trump , made her first appearance on the trail since the Republican convention in July .	20	1
China 's overtures to join the U.S. - led effort to develop the 16 - nation international space station have been thwarted for more than a decade over a range of issues , including the Asian country 's human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that could pose a security threat .	42	4
Paul is out of the office today so I have n't had a chance to talk to him .	15	2
He made a grab for the letters , but Dobby jumped out of reach .	0	1
When annoyed at meal-times by the constant quarrels of the white men about precedence , he ordered an immense round table to be made , for which a special house had to be built .	13	5
I would also like to point out , Madam President , that this Parliament voted to express its confidence in President Prodi during the previous legislature .	22	3
Given the urgent need to contribute to the achievement of the commitments in the framework of the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) , and without prejudice to the integrated approach promoted in this Directive , some priority should be given to those measures with a high potential for reducing greenhouse gas emissions at low cost .	26	4
Nicholas Rowe , Shakespeare 's first biographer , recounted a Stratford legend that Shakespeare fled the town for London to escape prosecution for deer poaching in the estate of local squire Thomas Lucy .	18	3
As he weighed sixteen stone I had no end of rows with the carriers .	5	1
Tell me , what events is today important such as how many elephants Hannibal had on the Alps , when you can have helicopters ?	14	2
Surprisingly , this little strip mall restaurant has the best sushi I 've found in the Tampa area .	12	2
He put the coat away on the rack , apologizing , trying not to hamper other people in the general move to rearrange gear ; the anticipation of arrival , still some hours off , aroused in them not so much common purpose as a spread of instinct as in the lifted heads of a herd become aware of the promise of water .	14	3
I 've thought about you a few times in the last few months , did n't want to intrude upon an already bad situation with my bullshit questions .	15	2
Shakespeare 's will scarcely mentions his wife , Anne , who was probably entitled to one third of his estate automatically .	21	1
Practice your language frequently so that you do n't forget it !	0	4
If anyone has any questions on the above please let me know .	7	3
You were clearly given another alternative by Second Home , to board him - which might have given your dog a chance to come and go from Second Home a couple times , getting used to the place and maybe facilitating another attempt to get into daycare later .	11	3
Greek court has ruled that worshippers of the ancient Greek religion may now formally associate and worship at archeological sites .	0	3
At the Barton hearing , a liberal democrat ( Filner ) and a conservative Republican ( Hunter ) locked arms in calling for refunds .	7	4
No , no , please stay where you are .	7	2
That pollution was money to that community , and those people dealt with the pollution and absorbed it into their skin and into their bodies because they needed the money .	2	2
But realizing this potential requires improving the business climate across the economy as a whole and within individual sectors – particularly by addressing the endemic corruption and weak rule of law that are deterring foreign and domestic investors alike .	6	2
Would you please ck the Oglethorpe deal from July 2000 - Dec 2000 ?	11	2
The exact year of the marriage of Herod Antipas and Herodias is subject to debate among scholars .	12	4
On one occasion , it is implied he is an undercover agent whose target is Homer .	9	1
We just had our wedding on 11/7/08 and was very impressed .	0	1
We all know what happened , but even to this day , there are many different versions and opinions on how it happened and what effect Chernobyl will have on the health of people affected by the fallout .	8	1
Nothing contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein .	1	5
Right now , we are in the process of evaluating both our new hire needs and our summer needs and will be making those decisions after the first of the year .	11	2
" That King Shakespeare " , the essayist Thomas Carlyle wrote in 1840 , " does not he shine , in crowned sovereignty , over us all , as the noblest , gentlest , yet strongest of rallying signs ;	37	4
I should mention parenthetically that there is a fantastic launch video — taken from the POV of the rocket on the JPL Stardust website — highly recommended — best I 've ever seen — all the way from the launch pad , too .	18	3
Back outside on the marble steps , they all separated .	4	3
BIG MISTAKE - The food was tasteless and cold .	6	5
He described Montalvo as an individual , " facing the penitentiary in thanks for the following sins : a) Leaving a lifehood of slavery to get a taste of freedom and the world . b) Refusing - despite every provocation and incentive and threat - to frame three guys who went out of their ways ( and dipped into their pockets ) to help the kid achieve that freedom . "	55	1
The CSIS report cites numerous areas where Iran has funded modernization including the most troublesome aspect , anti-shipping cruise missiles : ' Iran has obtained new anti-ship missiles and missile patrol craft from China , midget submarines from North Korea , submarines from Russia , and modern mines . ' "	19	4
Also , he loves teaching so much , his price is unbeatable , but that does not change his level of skill .	10	1
We are staying in Jerusalem as guests of the Mishkenot Sha'ananim , the dwellings of serenity .	15	4
When he swivels his head to go for it anyway , tell him sharp " UH UH " gently correct him with a small tug and continue your walk .	15	1
We have since moved slightly further away from the centre but it 's worth the extra travel , as the care provided exceeds our expectations ... especially after a few horrendous daycare experiences elsewhere .	7	2
They were conquerors , and for that you want only brute force – nothing to boast of , when you have it , since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others .	31	2
While Cleveland continues to play a leading role in building the U.S. industrial base , it has also developed economic prowess in the fields of health care , law , finance , insurance , real estate development , and professional services .	4	2
Prior to Emperor Meiji , the names of the eras were changed more frequently , and the posthumous names of the Emperors were chosen in a different manner .	24	1
The ARVN rushed back from holiday leave and counterattacked .	6	3
The relevant standards which have been laid down in another Directive , 95 / 35 / EC , seem sufficiently adequate to advise people in a responsible manner on the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods .	25	1
As for me , well , I lead the simple life , own a little house in West University , own a little car ( I had to buy a new one recently - the 14 - year old 380 SE started scaring me a bit ) , you know , the usual .	10	2
Sounds like He really likes you ..	5	2
Between us there was , as I have already said somewhere , the bond of the sea .	12	2
Net to Eco about $ 3,300,000 ( Enron 50 % share about $ 1,650,000 )	6	1
Chahine said her immediate family spent about $ 20,000 to return to Detroit via Syria and Jordan .	10	3
I 'm pretty sure it 'll be worth it .	1	1
However , he also mentioned we were a close sixth , that is close to the fifth highest bid .	1	1
Quality is estimated to be a Mars type crude with 25 - 27 API Gravity and 1.5 - 2.0 % sulfur .	21	1
These are the four main pillars of the current World Conflict , or perhaps we should already refer to it as " the undeclared World War III " :	20	1
Notwithstanding the above , Licensor reserves the right to release the Work under different license terms or to stop distributing the Work at any time ;	12	3
They also have the best tea I ever had , not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores , I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .	7	2
I fully support the need for contacts with third countries .	10	1
Scholars refer to the years between 1585 and 1592 as Shakespeare 's " lost years " .	16	1
On September 9 , 2002 , Aldrin was lured to a Beverly Hills hotel on the pretext of being interviewed for a Japanese children 's television show on the subject of space .	15	2
Returning to it next day , I found Faulkner guilty of no offense .	6	1
We have been working closely together to identify the issues as they develop and propose solutions .	14	4
Without QE , which the Fed is now gradually tapering , world trade would have taken a much bigger hit .	9	4
WOW !	1	1
50 = Approximate number of policy changes and regulation rollbacks injurious to the environment that have been announced by the Bush administration on Fridays after 5 pm , a time that makes it all but impossible for news organisations to relay the information to the widest possible audience .	10	5
You will find that dressing appropriately means that you are shown more respect in return .	8	2
Another unique custom ( and a dying one at that ) is the Pioneers .	3	1
I 'm wary of jumping into this fray without backup , that 's for damn sure . :)	8	4
67 is the minimum score , anything below that is filed in the " circular file basket " .	6	4
I sent a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was .	3	4
The newly married couple living on the corner in front of the entrance of George 's house ( Friar Park ) refers to him as an overbearing person to stay away from .	23	2
Leaving a jar with a dozen black worms in it will sate the adult 's desire for snacks and they are more likely to leave fry or eggs alone .	0	4
These companies find it harder to recruit skilled graduates when financial firms can pay higher salaries .	13	2
In my opinion , we should show CRRA a copy of the LOI with the assumption that the Development Agreement is attached .	0	1
By the way the Lichtenstein is up and hanging in our formal living room and it is magnificent .	3	2
When having your car worked on you have to trust the mechanic & this Midas is truly someone you can trust !	2	2
The newspaper " Die ZEIT " first inquired with the real estate business about its dubious cash flows and the threat of insolvency in July .	10	2
Here 's an excerpt from the article :	4	2
you need to do that for a least a week , or else this type of territorial fighting will happen .	19	3
Thus kaoshikii is a blossoming of the microcosm ( unit being ) in its attempt to attain a link with the Macrocosm ( Cosmic Consciousness ) .	10	3
Claude Mandil , the executive director of the International Energy Agency in Paris , said the reserves in the East China Sea were hardly worth the trouble .	26	4
I got yelled at , literally yelled at because i asked if i could pick up my car 5 - 10 minutes late .	20	1
Good luck .	0	2
A major report in January said oceans would contain more plastic than fish by 2050 unless the world took radical action to stop rubbish leaking into the seas .	13	1
Demosisto 's Nathan Law earned a surprise victory as second place in the constituency with 50,818 votes , and becomes the youngest Legislative Council member in Hong Kong 's history .	7	4
Took me a little longer to review and revise Adam 's first drafts than I had thought ( there 's a lot going on here , as you 'll see soon ) .	0	2
I asked myself sometimes what it all meant .	4	2
Your reserve chute should have been packed by a certified rigger and is moderately less likely to fail ;	8	1
The premise with which the administartion is acting is that if they expeditiously suspend everyone 's right to bilateral contracts quickly , it sets up a barrier which the direct access coalition must break through .	27	3
The positions needed to be divided to reflect BCF 's .	2	3
He reemerged in September 1859 , laying claim to the position of Emperor of the United States .	9	2
You should double check with the necessary embassy before you leave though .	8	3
While Bray was standing about in the group with the Odaras and the Wentzes , Jo-Ann Pettigrew , having failed to get him to eat her last marshmallow , put it in her mouth and signalled to everyone there was something they must hear .	6	2
They also killed Shaikh Hamid 'Akkab , a clan elder of a branch of the Dulaim tribe in Tikrit .	3	3
I like to imagine the thought processes going on in W 's head if he were to actually read the letter , but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter .	6	5
Water , chicken stock or broth , or vegetable stock all work .	11	2
Here in Jerusalem , when you shut your apartment door behind you you fall into a gale of conversation exposition , argument , harangue , analysis , theory , expostulation , threat , and prophecy .	31	3
“ What ? ” my mother says .	6	2
None , just walk in to the service office and present all the identification you have to prove your identity .	5	1
What qualifications do you have that will assist you in executing the duties of president ?	11	2
Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .	31	5
I was told that large sections of the Socialist Group were also keen to have this item taken off the agenda , because at the vote in the Conference of Presidents no vote was received from the working group of Members of the Socialist Group responsible for this matter .	40	4
43 - Percentage of the entire world 's military spending that the US spends on defence .	15	4
Aesthetic Appreciation and Spanish Art :	3	4
The other Canadian recipient of the medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford , 42 , of Hamilton , who was killed Aug. 4 , 2002 , while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife .	16	1
I have just another brief comment on the foreign trade aspect .	10	3
She is so talented , the flowers were arranged superbly and delicately , it is so obvious to see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to others .	12	1
To this day , about 10 or 12 of these World War II Japanese shipwrecks comprise what is considered one of the best dive sites in the world .	23	2
He was replaced around the turn of the 16 th century by Robert Armin , who played roles such as Touchstone in As You Like It and the fool in King Lear .	18	2
What would you get if you cross a sussex male and a silkie female ?	13	3
The latest indications are that the Republicans will not be so enticed .	8	2
Employees seemed to be having a good time chatting and laughing with each other , while myself and other customers were completely ignored .	7	2
I 'm currently 12 and I get about 20 dollars a week for lunch , sometimes a bit more , I plan to save 10 dollars every week :)	11	2
Creative Commons Corporation is not a law firm and does not provide legal services .	13	4
Daniel Smith daniel.smith2@durham.ac.uk Durham University , United Kingdom	2	6
Did n't hurt any that they knew my name by my second visit and greeted me warmly then and on my third visit .	19	1
However , they did not expand until ships big enough to cross seas were built .	14	3
This will help keep them from twisting up during the wash .	2	2
I got him back the first of the month and he had lost some weight but attributed that to be worked everyday ( I expected him to drop some ) .	14	3
it is a transmedia system in the sense first used by Marsha Kinder ( 1991 ) and popularized by Henry Jenkins ( 2006 ) , in which media-hopping networks of intertextualities extend the “ storyworld ” of an original production .	12	3
04/30/2001 02:28 PM	1	3
My favorite part is going up hill and cantering :)	1	4
Finally , I should like to point out here the significance of a proposal put forward by our colleague Edouard des Places .	5	1
Do yourself a favor , call these guys first and enjoy driving your car again ..	0	1
Email : mayur...@yahoo.com SMS : + 919819602175 Web :	5	1
If you want to start a new creative project or business venture , your imagination will be working overtime .	13	2
Nida also developed the componential analysis technique , which split words into their components to help determine equivalence in translation ( e.g. " bachelor " = male + unmarried ) .	19	6
As the plant matures , pinch off the top two pairs of leaves once a stalk reaches a reasonable height .	10	3
Over the course of the next 15 years , money was poured into new transportation infrastructure projects , the restoration of surviving neoclassical buildings , the gentrification of the city 's historical center and the renovation of many former industrial areas and the city 's coastline .	29	2
Our plan is to organize a maximum of 6 clinics , each one full day .	7	1
That 's what I 'm asking ...	6	2
Adnan Z. Amin , General Director of the International Organization for Renewable Energies ( IRENA ) is certain : " Offshore wind power can become the top power generator in a global economy that is free of coal - based energy . "	3	1
Last thing is every time I sit on a chair or something higher than him , he will try to jump on , if he ca n't , he will bark all the time until I let him get on , what should I do with this ?	16	1
In Holland and other countries the original nature of national identity is being stripped away in the name of chicken and pig feed .	9	4
Your career opportunities will expand exponentially , and you 're likely to change jobs or positions this year .	8	2
The Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles ( not a drop of magical blood in their veins ) and as far as they were concerned , having a wizard in the family was a matter of deepest shame .	2	2
The last two nights I have dreamed of dogs in trouble .	2	2
I understand you may not have credit approval yet so perhaps we can leave the appropriate sections blank in the meantime .	19	2
The only way to fight this new " popular " weapon is identical to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas : the offensive way .	30	2
The study of how people , as fans , access and manage information within a transmedia system provides valuable insight that contributes not only to practitioners and scholars of the media industry , but to the wider context of cultural studies , by offering findings on this new model of the fan as consumer and information-user .	45	1
The following illustration shows how the PivotTable view will look after the captions of the custom group field and custom groups have been changed .	4	2
Ron 's school spellbooks were stacked untidily in a corner , next to a pile of comics that all seemed to feature The Adventures of Martin Miggs , the Mad Muggle .	11	2
My page jumped out of bed as if crazed , looking more dead than alive , and you can imagine how I felt when he cried , “ They 're already being presented to the king ! "	9	1
" In the years before the 2008 financial crisis , more than a third of Harvard MBAs , and a similar proportion of graduates of the London School of Economics , went to work for financial firms .	26	3
They came through on all of their promises and we had a very successful day .	15	1
Voters see the two-party system for the sham it has become .	3	5
If an egg turns blue , it had died and then became dyed as the outer membrane broke down .	10	2
Or they were n't eyewitnesses and are just lying .	7	2
Although small , they are all " fully functioning " and very well - they are in the lowest level of special care ( and they will probably be in there for another two to four weeks ) until they can feed properly and maintain their weights .	11	2
It collects the data based on the observation of the proposed interventions as well as interviews conducted with participating teachers and students to identify their perceptions of digital games ’ contributions to the learning process .	2	2
Since so much of the town ’s retail area is clustered in 3 or 4 block radius , it would be beneficial to walk around , but might also be dangerous given the high traffic intersections .	27	3
like what ?	1	2
T 's has been a North County landmark for thirty years and with good reason .	1	1
The place where I 'm boarding is not likely to want to take me this far , and I do not have any ways of hauling him myself .	15	2
The civilized world believes in democracy , the rule of law , including international law , human rights , free speech and free press , among other liberties .	1	5
" The problem is not with the Palestinian resistance groups but with Israel 's scheme to destroy the Palestinians ' infrastructure , " Habib said .	0	1
For the time , the report grew too large when it was being debated .	4	2
on the pretext that there is no text , on the one hand , the President of the Commission would be denied his right to speak in this Parliament and , on the other hand , there would be a debate on a reform when Parliament had no prior knowledge of the texts on which it is based .	14	2
I said I was going to trash it also and could I at least have a credit .	4	3
Most people choose cars , but if headed to a central area , such as Main Street , it is best to drive there , park in a municipal parking lot , and walk around from there .	31	1
The implementation and operation of the guidelines cannot be left to the personal interpretation of one or other desk officer , either in the Commission or in the civil service .	24	5
Marx did not see how the replacement of textile workers by automatic looms could possibly do anything other than lower workers ' wages .	19	3
Bottom line is that when it 's a small privatly owned resturant like this is you can tell that the owners and employees take pride in their product and service .	13	2
At parties she does not want to be considered in any way attached to you , which is consistent .	11	2
Servings : 18 - 24 ( fewer if you opt for larger-sized cupcakes )	3	1
Carol St Clair 05/25/2001 10:56 AM	1	1
Yet another amendment is aimed at simplification , taking references to the tank to include its accessories as a matter of course .	5	1
But Sharon 's iron fist is simply not working as a means of establishing general peace , and the Bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on Sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of the West Bank and Gaza .	34	1
" Ian is old friends with your teacher , from back when they were both with the survey .	7	4
Since they consider this an upgrade , they let their other rooms fill up and would not change our room .	16	2
I need HELP with my Syrian Hamster !!!?	2	2
Attached is the revised draft paper that reflects our conference call with Bob Fagan earlier this week .	1	1
Same , when I 'm galloping in an open space like that I can just forget everything .	3	1
Over priced for students to learn !	2	2
There 's obviously a reason for that ( lack of employment , low incomes , etc . )	16	1
The Saudi regime , of course , will be the next victim of major terror , when the inner circle will explode into the outer circle .	25	3
it wase nt going an had a gear box problem ....	6	1
The European Union put a new and revised banana regime in place on 1 January 1999 .	14	4
Could one of you please email me a copy of the standard template you use for Enfolio gas purchase agreements ?	19	5
You can improve the overall security of your account by updating your security information .	6	1
With these operating standards implemented worldwide , we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure Enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide .	1	3
I believe the fuel consumption will be tolerable as well .	3	2
This drawing up was the founding act of Roman law , the institutions of the Roman Republic and the mos maiorum .	16	4
Realists , and this even includes members of the U.S. Democratic foreign policy establishment such as Strobe Talbott , who have long sought to divest India of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in Asia , understand the only feasible solution for Kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo .	2	2
Affected parties have also criticized the fact that the manufacturer 's public declarations are also included in the defect definition .	15	4
The sooner the better but I 'd probably wait until after the holidays .	11	2
But if you want to murder by suicide , you do not have to board a plane in order to explode yourself and kill many people .	6	1
A few days ago he was in that house , packing to leave in the flat progression of practical matters by which decision is broken up into reality .	4	1
But Marlow was not typical ( if his propensity to spin yarns be excepted ) , and to him the meaning of an episode was not inside like a kernel but outside , enveloping the tale which brought it out only as a glow brings out a haze , in the likeness of one of these misty halos that sometimes are made visible by the spectral illumination of moonshine .	64	2
At the same time , Richard 's vivid self - awareness looks forward to the soliloquies of Shakespeare 's mature plays .	10	5
It was the fault of the parts supplier , and can we imagine how he felt having to put another 2 hours of work in the car .	25	2
The Pakistani press reported that she was nabbed in Karachi after being spotted at the airport in late March or early April 2003 .	18	3
Therefore , if you are staying overnight in York and arriving by car , make sure that your hotel offers parking before you book .	15	2
If I had to take over the English-language services tomorrow , you know what I 'd have to do it with a bunch of Lambala and speakers from the vernacular sections and some refugee school-teachers from South Africa .	18	1
" The ISO staff sat in a meeting with the governor 's key energy advisers with poker faces , not saying a word about something that was going on at the exact same moment , '' Maviglio said .	17	3
By plane	1	3
Tracy , Do we have concerns here .	1	1
Jurisdictions which are are approved to trade credit derivatives : Finland , Germany , Norway , Sweden , Switzerland , the U.K , and the U.S. .	11	1
If you 're a fan of herpes , being ripped off , and child molesters , this is the garage for you .	11	1
For one brief instant Quinn thought , So this is what detective work is like . But other than that he thought nothing .	9	1
The measures shall be maintained no longer than strictly necessary and , in any case , shall be lifted when the shortcomings are remedied .	24	1
Do you have a Facebook Page ?	6	1
We REALLY enjoyed our balcony -- coffee in the mornings , drinks at night , standing outside when docking and leaving port -- however , it is quite a bit more expensive .	10	1
The mass murder happening right now in Sudan , where the Arab Moslem regime is massacring its black Christian citizens , has nothing to do with Israel .	1	2
In addition , there is a reduction of 22,101 MMBTU which is the difference between the SCADA values ( Best Available ) that Anita showed on the February 29th Storage Sheet and the " official " February 29th values that Gary Wilson received from MIPS .	21	1
He had told me that he found indescribable delight in reading dictionaries for lack of other books .	13	2
I used to live in London for 6 months and it 's by far one of my favorite places to be in the world ( I 've been to 45 countries in 5 years ) .	25	1
While I hope I do n't have any need for a lawyer anytime soon , if I do I 'll definitely use this firm again .	12	4
She talked about ' weaning those ignorant millions from their horrid ways ' , till , upon my word , she made me quite uncomfortable .	13	1
Under our Constitution , this nomination can not take effect unless and until the United States Senate gives its Consent , as described in our Constitution , Article II , Section 2 .	13	2
As a result , the transnationality and multidisciplinarity required under Article 3 of the Pericles Decision have been respected , with the latter pursued both at the level of professional background of the participants and in terms of the content of the actions .	34	2
Mr President , I should merely like to answer Mr Kellett-Bowman in one sentence .	5	3
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions : Please do not transmit orders and / or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account ( s ) by e-mail .	10	2
Well , you ought to be at the Independence celebrations , if anyone is .	14	1
For example , the Weatherspoon Art Museum at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro saw attendance levels reach 11,000 visitors when it exhibited its Warhol collection in 2010 , according to curator Elaine Gustafon .	7	1
It ’s more subdued than I think what most people would expect .	3	4
As Pakistan 's president had been telling the United States he was " forced " into taking a hawkish line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman , this was an embarrassment .	17	1
Professor Eastman says iodine is added to only 10 per cent of Australian salt in contravention of a World Health Organisation recommendation that all salt be iodised .	22	2
Without George Martin the Beatles would have been just another untalented band as Oasis ....	4	4
Located on the site of a 10th century mosque .	3	2
This is the year you 're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world , as expansion is the theme .	0	2
I also was wondering how long should this light be on .	0	1
What are some Major land forms in Ireland ?	6	1
Article 6 of the Gallup Compression Services Agreement ( which I am sending to you separately ) with ECS obligates ECS to " work in good faith with CDEC " to establish an automated system that would automatically have alerted us to peak loading conditions on CDEC 's system .	13	1
To do this , drop areas must be shown in the chart .	4	2
Less bleak than the tragedies , these four plays are graver in tone than the comedies of the 1590 s , but they end with reconciliation and the forgiveness of potentially tragic errors .	24	2
Elements of the Zeitgeist were also playfully recreated on USI 's opening night .	12	3
When John asked George while they were having lunch about how things were going for Paul after his separation from the Beatles and George replied that he was number one in the Swedish hit parade , John said in a despective manner : " ah !! .. in Sweden .. " , as if Sweden was an inferior place or something alike .	49	1
Elena 's title is admin coordinator , and I know that Sara should not have this title , and honestly do not think that Elena should also .	6	1
After founders - Stanford graduate students Sergey Brin and Larry Page presented their project to an angel investor , they received a cheque made out to ' Google '	15	1
So in a way people often do n't know how to combine the two fields .	11	4
For me it is n't about fulfillment or finding my life 's purpose in my work .	7	1
The daytime temperature varies ; in January , it is about 24 ° C ( 75 ° F ) and in June , about 35 ° C ( 95 ° F ) .	3	3
An XML schema file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document , providing a series of element names , as well as which elements are allowed in the document and in what combinations .	33	2
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines ( physical and financial ) for the London traders .	9	5
I was then moved to another room around the back where the room was dirty , the shower was dirty with other people s hair in it , the toilet seat was peeling and rough and the bathroom was full of mould .	3	3
If you 'd rather dine at home , simply call in your order with our take - out service .	17	2
If you move the line downward , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line below remains constant , and the perpendicular line above the moving line lengthens .	26	3
By the way , have you read the Declaration of Independence and US Constitution - or do you only know the first phrases ?	1	2
The far end of part of the convention floor , shortly after opening Friday .	12	4
Full name of the father is : " Nguyen Thanh Luan " ===> Full name of the son / daughter certainly is " Nguyen .......... " , for instance , " Nguyen Thi Thuy Lan " .	20	5
His initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned L.L.C .	20	3
It should make some sense , so that it will be easier to learn and speak with [ Example : Do n't use oh as e , hello as llo , and See ya as c yah ) .	11	3
Harry also had a good comment --- do n't specify the amount of rate increase in our comments ; rather note that the rate increase needs to be well - reasoned and based on facts and evidence .	32	3
Those who show up and complain , but are not participating in the working groups and the daily Ercot phone calls , board meetings , etc. are ignored .	5	4
I would like to ask the Vice - President if she is in a position to tell us today what the state of play is with regard to the efforts towards harmonisation being made by these two organisations , and whether the EU is in a position to hasten these harmonisation efforts , in accordance with principles that are as simple as possible .	6	2
BC Gas wo n't sign the confirms with the rep in , and this has caused much difficulties .	2	1
Shakespeare collaborated on two further surviving plays , Henry VIII and The Two Noble Kinsmen , probably with John Fletcher .	15	1
Perhaps Sudan should be added to the list .	1	3
In the staccato part it 's like a music : a lot of break , very very short sentences .	0	1
already have plans on thursday .	1	2
Oh Ras , was it ?	0	1
HBS will shadow Enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period .	12	2
and why is the one a better pet ?	3	2
In spite of his inane malapropisms , he can talk circles around everyone else in the book .	0	1
Mrs. Arafat , who lives in Paris with her daughter , receives tens of thousands of dollars per month from the allegedly bankrupt Palestinian Authority , while a typical local ringleader of the Al - Aksa brigade , reporting to Arafat , receives only a cash payment of a couple of hundred dollars , for performing murders at the retail level .	13	1
http://www.chernobyl.org.uk/page2.htm	0	6
I would like , first of all , to thank the rapporteur for his exceptionally accurate and technical work on the report and , secondly , the Commission for the proposal it has submitted .	25	1
We have been working closely together to identify the issues as they develop and propose solutions .	15	5
At times , the pressure on your job and home life may seem unbearable , but rest assured you will come through this stronger - and wiser - than ever , as more is revealed and resolved in 2005 .	4	4
NOW , THEREFORE , we do hereby Order and Direct Major-General Scott , the Command-in-Chief of our Armies , immediately upon receipt of this , our Decree , to proceed with a suitable force and clear the Halls of Congress .	24	1
( 2 ) In the exercise of his rights and freedoms , everyone shall be subject only to such limitations as are determined by law solely for the purpose of securing due recognition and respect for the rights and freedoms of others and of meeting the just requirements of morality , public order and the general welfare in a democratic society .	31	2
They said good night to each other in the bright slanting sun and the Bayley children were already out on the grass in their pyjamas , riding bicycles .	19	1
But I had my cat spayed through their reduced / free spay and neuter program and the vet they sent us to was first of all a hour and a half away , and 4 days later we had to bring them to our normal vet because the vets at the place in wisconsin did a crappy job and they got infections .	41	2
Pros : * Jill , the owner , is very nice and really cares about her feedback * Pretty nice atmosphere * Great Dessert * Not your typical veggie selection , I like !	28	3
Often far away there I thought of these two , guarding the door of Darkness , knitting black wool as for a warm pall , one introducing , introducing continuously to the unknown , the other scrutinizing the cheery and foolish faces with unconcerned old eyes .	25	2
it is a transmedia system in the sense first used by Marsha Kinder ( 1991 ) and popularized by Henry Jenkins ( 2006 ) , in which media-hopping networks of intertextualities extend the “ storyworld ” of an original production .	13	1
Harry waited for a minute in case he came back , then , quietly as he could , slipped out of the cabinet , past the glass cases , and out of the shop door .	22	4
This is one of the worst places I have stayed , we cut out stay short and went to the Mulberry .	6	3
Everyone has the right to rest and leisure , including reasonable limitation of working hours and periodic holidays with pay .	13	4
Such is the case with actions undertaken in Colombia , for all South American countries and Bulgaria , also including other South - Eastern European countries .	14	5
ONe of a few .	2	1
Teachers good Diverse student body ( African - American , Asian , ect. ) equals kids staying here !	1	2
How did you first hear about the definition of the santorum neologism that grew out of the contest from the Savage Love advice column ?	2	2
The worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like Zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims that " everyone " is going to " love " the food , decor and service .	8	5
Charles , despite his harsh actions , had been seen as a ruler empathetic to the needs of the Netherlands .	5	4
The staff do occasionally get game info correct , but if you r looking fot a good game and are n't a nerd , do nt ask them .	17	2
“ Celtic Sea cod could collapse , ” without the proposed limits , one EU official said .	12	1
Mrs. Arafat , who lives in Paris with her daughter , receives tens of thousands of dollars per month from the allegedly bankrupt Palestinian Authority , while a typical local ringleader of the Al - Aksa brigade , reporting to Arafat , receives only a cash payment of a couple of hundred dollars , for performing murders at the retail level .	18	3
Tet made it clear that the war was a long way from being over if the Americans thought they could preserve the South and that the North was perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight .	7	2
People who study ballet also retain flexibility throughout their adult lives , making this technique the basis of training for all types of dance .	13	2
However , in terms of readership , we are probably the most popular single subject wiki after Wikipedia .	7	1
He unhooked his safety belt and leaned over to look at an angle through the bleary lens on the far side of the aisle ; and there it was , tiny and distorted and real , bush , earth , exactly as it remained in his mind always , without his thinking about it .	13	4
Marxist playwright and director Bertolt Brecht devised an epic theatre under the influence of Shakespeare .	8	2
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1 - 2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything .	21	1
People like flirting to be fun .	3	1
7 - Number of Arabic linguists fired by the US army between mid-August and mid-October 2002 for being gay .	13	2
Buses , DTC Buses , Call Center Cabs , Private white line buses most frequently running between Noida and Greater Noida .	18	2
If you do add all the entities , does that mean that we would not need to put in place a separate agreement for ECCL ?	3	2
not everyone begins life with the same chance of success .	5	2
Arctic summer sea ice will decline by 50 percent by the end of the 21st century , the assessment found , with some models predicting complete disappearance of summer sea ice .	12	1
Harry could make out Hermione 's neat writing , Ron 's untidy scrawl and even a scribble that looked as though it was from the Hogwarts gamekeeper , Hagrid .	1	3
Do n't pry into his or her personal life — keep things light , fun , and focused on worry-free subjects .	10	2
" Foolhardy provocation deserves harsh punishment " , it added ; and , later , " Kim Jong-un issued an order of the supreme commander of the Korean People 's Army [ KPA ] that the front-line large combined units of the KPA should enter a wartime state to be fully battle ready to launch surprise operations " .	45	1
As the epithet of the government of Satan on that nation , the center of London , the so well - known Piccadilly Circus , takes it's name from an old brothel ( the " Piccadilla House " which means " The House of Sin " ) , disappeared nowadays .	19	2
You fancied you had seen things – but the seal was on .	2	2
They 're all heroes , you know , heroes of the struggle .	7	1
He dismissed a white shirt as too formal , however , and instead chose a gray and red check affair to go with the gray tie .	5	1
Oh well , I 'll get it when it comes out in Febuary .	1	2
I go every other week for the shallac / gel manicure which is only $ 25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks !	9	2
Balzac had difficulty adapting to the rote style of learning at the school .	12	3
I believe that these are three weekends in a row , January 6 , 13 and 20th .	3	3
The parents are also accused of putting their social life ahead of their child , taking her on a trip to India and leaving her to servants while embarking on a busy social schedule , and giving her homeopathic drops instead of using the prescription creams they had been given .	0	2
While other may be ok waiting in line at Town Bagel we are happy with the quality and service we get at Family Bagels	14	2
Then he called Virginia Stillman and got another busy signal .	3	4
These are the facts .	0	3
Daniel Montalvo in September 2010 , after having left the elite group within Scientology called the Sea Org .	17	2
The stampede at Islam 's most holy site happened at Jamarat Bridge , during an event where pebbles are thrown at a pillar to represent the stoning of Satan as part of the final rites of the Hajj .	31	1
South Korea 's success over the last five decades owes much to the rapid growth of its well - educated labor force .	5	2
Boutique stores dealing in children 's clothing / gifts are often outrageously priced ( who wants to pay 40 dollars for a newborn onesie ? )	25	1
The apartment across from mine belonged to a gang of hookers .	8	2
For generic drugs at the end of a patent or other protection period are of course useful .	7	1
We feel that the Funds are a necessary but insufficient condition for achieving economic and social cohesion .	15	3
and in virtue of the authority thereby in me vested , do hereby order and direct the representatives of the different States of the Union to assemble in Musical Hall , of this city , on the 1st day of Feb. next , then and there to make such alterations in the existing laws of the Union as may ameliorate the evils under which the country is laboring , and thereby cause confidence to exist , both at home and abroad , in our stability and integrity .	20	5
I leave it to you as homework to figure out what Spain or France would have done , in such a situation .	12	1
as to what the light provides it gives UV rays .. which is important for health in lizards as it is in humans .	22	3
Bands , food , and prizes are sponsored by Beyond Control , who will be competing in the Band of the Year Contest at the River Front Festival in Cuyahoga Falls on July 1 .	32	2
Zola indicated that , whereas Romantics saw the world through a colored lens , the naturalist sees through a clear glass - precisely the sort of effect Balzac attempted to achieve in his works .	27	3
Nina Chahine , 19 , who with her family was among the named plaintiffs in the lawsuit , said her wedding in the southern city of Tyre was set for July 13 .	22	2
I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it : I do n't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says .	13	1
___________ Wednesday , September 27 5:00 - 8:30 pm	6	1
He looked pleasantly into the martini jug and put it down again patiently .	12	5
Outsourcing these responsibilities would be a wise alternative , considering the accomplishments of the private sector regarding the space elevator .	5	1
The oldest known historical reference to the city is to be found on an inscription of conquered sites at Thutmose 's temple at Karnak .	22	1
One witness at the Moutasaddiq trial in Germany alleged that Zarqawi had not allowed Monotheism and Holy War to share resources with al - Qaeda in the early zeroes of the 21st century .	8	4
P.S. Please be sure to copy Sarah Dietrich and Jennifer Hillegonds on your response -- they will be taking this project during my " hiatus " -- I am moving to PA on Friday of this week , and will be out of pocket through approximately 7/16 .	36	2
She looks up at you and , across the gap of forty meters , smiles a brilliant , heartbreaking smile .	4	2
I have a 3 week old baby budgie and I noticed that his / her mother does not stay with him in the nest at night .	5	2
My family loves coming to Endo Sushi . They are very nice , it is never crowded , and the food is wonderful , very delicious and fresh !	24	2
When my server crashed , Greg worked from 7 PM until 4 AM and had my company up and running the next morning .	3	4
While creating the page , Access will change control names that are not unique .	9	3
Tina Anselmi was born on the 25th of March , 1927 in Castelfranco Veneto ; she grew up in an anti-fascist Catholic family , which was marked by the persecution of her militant socialist father .	3	2
( I Have 1 year before collage ! )	4	2
Imagine him here – the very end of the world , a sea the color of lead , a sky the color of smoke , a kind of ship about as rigid as a concertina – and going up this river with stores , or orders , or what you like .	45	3
They are the only place I would take my car peiod .	8	1
It 's not completely clear how much stress this hypnosis causes .	8	2
Instead of using vegetable oil , try substituting it for walnut or macadamia nut oils if they are available to you .	13	2
Basically Nook Tablet it has more memory , better battery life and a better processor and a microphone .	9	4
Mr. Sahaf eventually became a popular icon as a court jester , but this did not stop some allegedly respectable newspapers from giving him equal time .	4	1
I can live with these minimum standards , but I would ask the Commission to monitor the situation very carefully .	5	4
It came from the nation whose king Enrique VIII adulterated the Bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom God provided a wife with six fingers as abomination ( Anne Boleyn ) ... once again 6 , number of the Beast ....	50	2
Thanks	0	3
The advertising farce of how much he loved Linda ( woman whose quality he did not deserve ) , was exposed when it was known that Paul had an affair with Heather Mills , Linda 's intimate friend , with whom McCartney went on a trip to New York and to whom he bought things and presents , while he was still mourning for his " dear Linda " .	30	2
Ironically ( or perhaps not ) , the notion of the ' degenerate ' and ' degenerate art ' was appropriated by the Nazis and its origins can be traced back to Jewish ' intellectual ' Max Nordau and a 1892 book he authored called Degeneration . .	5	1
Thomas Sam , a practising homeopath , instead decided to treat his daughter himself .	10	3
Of course , we accept that amendment - it is absolutely right - and I believe that we should incorporate specific circumstances which demonstrate the climatic diversity of the European Union , which sometimes take the form of specifics and of concrete requirements for the establishment of standards and characterisations of a technical nature .	0	1
Sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront , and it is on a one - way street , but the restaurant itself is NEVER overcrowded .	25	1
With the sun shinning down on the spray , creating a rainbow in the foreground , this is the perfect place to get that trademark Iguazu Falls photograph .	24	5
The sick man was too ill to groan .	5	2
I am just middle aged and do not want to die , but thanks to this doctor i have no other alternatives .	6	1
When you move a field to the row area , the unique items of data within the field are displayed down the rows of the PivotTable view .	27	1
( 12 ) Although a comprehensive approach to environmental performance is desirable , greenhouse gas mitigation through increased energy efficiency should be considered a priority environmental goal pending the adoption of a working plan .	5	6
You can also leave notes for the rest of your family ( husband ) about where you are at any given point .	17	2
But as I stood on this hillside , I foresaw that in the blinding sunshine of that land I would become acquainted with a flabby , pretending , weak-eyed devil of a rapacious and pitiless folly .	25	1
Do you raid a mosque , which serves as a terrorist ammunition storage ?	2	2
What I would like to do in this case is get the information to Jeff Davis , who is responsible for Georgia Tech and ask him to get Sungjoo 's resume and start a file on him with a notation that you would like to hire him for summer .	28	4
Read the entire article ; there 's a punchline , too .	8	5
" He Would Tear Down Our System Of Checks And Balances , Giving Far Too Much Power To The President . "	12	3
The US has strongly opposed a nuclear weapons program of Iran , yet Israel , which to this day has never officially said that they posses nuclear weapons , ranks around fifth in nuclear strength .	20	3
In Biloxi , 30 people were reported dead in one block of flats which was hit by a 9 m ( 30 ft ) " storm surge " .	27	1
If yes , you do n't need to change it because you board later .	9	1
In Pluviose year III ( January - February 1794 ) , easing off the pressure of the Reign of Terror , he took various measures to liberate the suspects .	17	3
Oh , it did n't surprise me in the least to hear this , and at the same time to be told that Fresleven was the gentlest , quietest creature that ever walked on two legs .	11	2
They might be imprisoned or executed	0	2
The deed is done .	3	2
Galen J. Torneby Project Manager National Energy Production Corporation ( NEPCO ) 11831 North Creek Parkway North Bothell , WA 98011 USA Tel : 425-415-3052 Cell : 425-922-0475 Fax : 425-415-3098 email : < mailto:galent@nepco.com > mailto:galen.torneby@nepco.com	18	1
In brief , I would like to say that we are entering the period when we are called upon to manage the programming for 2000 - 2006 , which must be no routine period for the good reason that we have two major challenges to face .	31	1
Whereas disregard and contempt for human rights have resulted in barbarous acts which have outraged the conscience of mankind , and the advent of a world in which human beings shall enjoy freedom of speech and belief and freedom from fear and want has been proclaimed as the highest aspiration of the common people ;	0	4
These are not very popular due to the often remote and roadless locations .	12	5
Our new domain name is paulhastings.com .	0	2
I 've tried calling them a week ago , they said they ca n't give me those details over the phone , or let me know , keep asking me to go to some website , but there 's nothing useful on it	0	1
( b ) Is it right that Enron has 3 sets of bad faith proceedings in Texas ?	9	1
I just got of the phone with Hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily P&L #'s right , if nothing were done the month end P&L would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made .	0	1
I am writing you in absolute confidence primarily to seek your assistance in acquiring oil funds that are presently trapped in the republic of Iraq .	14	2
He looked at her face again , trying to hear the words she was sounding out in her head , watching her eyes as they darted back and forth across the page .	30	2
I would say it really depends on your riding ability , what disciplines you are interested in doing , or plan on doing , etc .	10	1
So instead of documenting the dreams it gradually became also like adding creational elements , and I think that somehow through writing my dreams I gradually came to writing , also poems , but mainly stories .	20	4
It contains a monument to Martin Luther King , Jr.	6	3
We 're at war with Islamic fascists .	3	2
He had made it to the third or fourth paragraph when the man turned slowly toward him , gave him a vicious stare , and jerked the paper out of view .	20	1
The population increased , as many people from Luzon and the Visayas came to work either as fishermen or miners .	4	1
Mérida is the capital of the state of Yucatán in Mexico .	11	1
If you could define a place that will remind you of your visit to the Chathams , then this very special place will be at the top of your list .	29	2
There is no such thing as a BTA or " Basic Travel Allowance " - this is 100 % a scam - as the first poster said , cut off any and all contact with this person - they are NOT who or what they are claiming to be .	38	2
The greeter said there was about 15 minutes waiting .	3	3
Mr President , we should not forget that the main , strategic objective of the Structural and Cohesion Funds and of their coordination is to achieve economic and social cohesion .	27	2
After a number of people began complaining about " mystery deaths " among incubating eggs , some of the more advanced killie people began suggesting that after 7 - 8 days of incubation , one should do a 100 % water change - as the eggs develop , they do release waste material .	48	2
WONDERFUL service .	1	4
Dave has much to offer .	2	2
It also became dependent on China 's savings surplus to finance its own savings shortfall ( the world 's largest ) , and took advantage of China 's voracious demand for US Treasury securities to help fund massive budget deficits and subsidize low domestic interest rates .	32	4
And when I move it I guess he figures I 'm playing . x.x	8	4
" Will you eat some of my kosher food instead , as a favor ? "	8	2
Keepers guard the goal posts at each end and attempt to block chasers ' attempts at scoring .	2	2
Service was average , but nothing special , and restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do a better job of training their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly , not merely capable .	1	2
Musharraf made his coup in part because of the military 's anger over Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's willingness to back down from confronting India over Kashmir , so that he explicitly came to power as a warmonger .	2	2
It is hard to extrapolate to other ants , as different species lead very different lives .	6	3
My last day in the Portland area will be March 31 , 2001 .	1	2
These include space for dances and music , bar facility , gambling facilities for the elder , spaciously made open area aboard and many such nice facilities .	1	4
I use Queensland half - hourly price during 13 December , 1998 - 30 June 2001 giving about 44,000 price observations .	9	4
Thursday , May 7 , 2015	5	2
Proposal for a COUNCIL DECISION amending and extending Council Decision of 17 December 2001 establishing an exchange , assistance and training programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting ( the " Pericles " programme ) .	8	4
An example would be ' ant ' for and or ' es ' or even ' loo ' for the word ' and ' .	14	2
Now that the picture is clear , the two main competing lists seem to be the United Iraqi Coalition list and Allawi 's Al - Iraqiya list .	7	2
He knew no one but the walk was processional , a reception to him , and by the time he entered the building over the steps where , as always , dead insects fallen from the light during the night had not been swept away , it was all as suddenly familiar and ordinary as the faces other people were greeting were , to them .	48	2
Such controls will be left unbound on a page .	2	2
Such cooperation should make the utmost use of electronic means of communication and relevant Community programmes .	10	1
One has only to look at the Russian proposal 's fine print :	8	4
Ignore the answer above me , btw ! ^_^	0	3
In George Orwell 's influential novel " 1984 " doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as " war is peace " .	32	1
There is a splash fountain ( no standing water ) for little ones still in diapers ; Next is a wading pool for those who are potty trained ; Then a family pool ; Finally there is a pool for adults only with kids not allowed .	40	3
So you have imagination , you have total freedom , you can invent characters , you can invent all kind of development and surprises and this kind of end of story or another .	18	2
Some national companies even offer free shipping and handling so you can have some delivered or go to the local location .	2	5
SPLOID.com cited you on the topic of that priest conviction : http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php	10	1
I am making a christmas list for my parents and i was going to ask for a bird and these are the affordable ones that i like , and i was wondering : which would not bite alot , and which are more fun to have as pets AND I NEED TO KNOW WHICH WOULD BE QUIETEST i honestly do nt care but my family does !	12	3
Business Case : If we offered Dean 55 k or 60 k it would still constitute a over a $ 10,000 increase ( approximately 25 % ) and taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory at the specialist level .	37	2
Fred brought the car lower and Harry saw a dark patchwork of fields and clumps of trees .	1	4
And though he is not permitted to sit beside women unrelated to him or to look at them or to communicate with them in any manner ( all of which probably saves him a great deal of trouble ) , he seems a good-hearted young man and he is visibly enjoying himself .	34	3
Would pledge be ok ?	4	1
But what their contented little minds will never know is that I knew it when I took the job , I knew it all along , and I 'll say it now as loud as I 'd say it then ...	37	2
But I believe that we should do all we can to keep the transport of dangerous goods to a minimum , in all countries , whether they are transit countries or not .	14	1
The animals were all very sweet and patient with her .	10	1
The consolidation of smaller local radical fundamentalist groups with al - Qaeda can also be seen in the case of the Fizazi group in Tangiers that morphed into the Moroccan Islamic Combatant Group , had members who met with September 11 ringleader Muhammad Atta , and ultimately was in part responsible for the Madrid train bombings .	22	3
She starred in the 2012 film The Five - Year Engagement , directed by Nicholas Stoller and co-starring Jason Segel .	12	4
Once two sets of leaves have formed , basil can be planted into the garden or permanent containers .	6	3
It looked as though it had once been a large stone pigsty , but extra rooms had been added here and there until it was several storeys high and so crooked it looked as though it was held up by magic ( which , Harry reminded himself , it probably was ) .	30	4
Thank you !	2	1
We always seem to have just a little bit of a chill out at the World Cup .	2	2
But it is not an easy matter to assess how the time savings implied by online shopping , or the cost savings that might result from increased competition ( owing to greater ease of price comparison online ) , affects our standard of living .	34	3
On one level , it works as an amiable , unpretentious heartwarmer that seems tailor - made for Sunday afternoon viewing .	11	6
Do n't cling to the banks ; instead , flow with the tide in 2005 .	4	2
I was appalled .	2	4
Transmedia systems , like that exemplified by Game of Thrones , are becoming increasingly prevalent ( e.g. , Star Wars , Harry Potter , The Walking Dead , the Marvel Cinematic Universe , etc ) ;	25	4
On Thursday , with 110 days until the start of the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi , Russia , Wikinews interviewed Assistant Professor in Educational Leadership , Sport Studies and Educational / Counseling Psychology at Washington State University Simon Ličen about attitudes in United States towards the Paralympics .	40	3
Northern Algeria is in the temperate zone and enjoys a mild , Mediterranean climate .	12	6
Well , this matter was in dispute .	1	1
Also , I 'm quite clear on the fact that those in power now ( and , in general , most anyone at the top of a pyrimidal power structure ) tend to use the dominant religion as a cloak to hide their true motivations and as a tool to control the masses .	22	1
Are the adherent of ' Crowleyan Thelema ' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect ' energy ? '	2	4
The amount of goods transported on the Danube increased to about 100 million tons in 1987 .	3	3
Above is the link to the Department of State travel website , which will give you all the info that you need , including passport information .	7	1
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID .	4	2
Cynthia Thompson , curator and director of exhibits at the University of Arkansas , Fayetteville , said , " These images serve as documentation of people in his every day life and art - " one which many of us enjoy a glimpse into . "	5	4
The stories from this first period ( 1892 – 94 ) suffered from the excessive influence of Heian poetry .	1	4
Ron held it at arm 's length as it kicked out at him with its horny little feet ; he grasped it around the ankles and turned it upside-down .	5	1
Balzac borrowed money from his family and friends , and tried to build a printing business , then a typefounder enterprise .	16	1
I look forward to working toward a mutually satisfactory agreement in this new and thorny area of e-commerce contracting .	2	4
These global standards also should enable Enron to expand its business reach more quickly , with well defined requirements with regard to trading operations .	11	3
There is an old saying that applies in this situation : " Act in haste , repent at leisure . "	7	1
Oh but you should , Mrs. Wentz said , almost dreaming .	7	2
( Although , we have broken that rule for Legal in the past . )	14	1
A significantly higher cost which clearly exceeds the average of the countries that adopt the single currency , which is equal to 1,365 euros per litre .	23	3
Abdul Muneem Patel , 17 , London E5	1	3
Antichrist John Lennon followed the Devil 's strategy writing lyrics such as " God is a concept by which we measure our pain ... I do n't believe in Jesus , etc. , etc. , " ( God ) and " and no religions too ... " ( Imagine ) .	13	2
John Staikos Direct Dial :? 203.961.7523 Direct Fax :? 203.674.7723 E-mail :? johnstaikos@paulhastings.com	7	2
i 'm 5 ' 3 - 4 " and am 21 well will be in Nov and my horse is 14.2 hh and she 's perfect size for me i can hop right on with no mounting block ..... only with a saddle though haha i ca n't bareback , not yet	4	1
" It may be a difficult political issue but I do n't think the energy content is worthwhile . "	17	5
Shakespeare has also inspired many painters , including the Romantics and the Pre - Raphaelites .	3	4
Lunar landers and other gear needed for extended visits to the moon will be lofted by gargantuan launchers as big as the Apollo - era Saturn 5 , the most powerful rockets ever flown .	34	1
There was no ceiling and he looked up into the pattern of a spider 's web made by the supporting beams of the roof .	7	1
for the past few days she has been shivering and wo nt eat but she could walk now her hid legs are not working but she is back to her self .. what should i do .?	18	2
You see the thing had gone off like a box of matches .	10	1
As most of them have few technical skills , and the Andamans have little demand for them in any case , they turn to smuggling and other unlawful activities .	20	1
What if Google Morphed Into GoogleOS ?	3	4
This is a $ 200 million increase over what NASA received for fiscal year 2004 .	12	3
The mangers also play a classic movies on Sundays , you can get a beer in the lobby , and repeat customers can get discounts if they have a member card .	26	2
However , after giving a required $ 500.00 ( NON REFUNDABLE ) deposit before seeing any plans or ideas , I was sorry I did .	18	3
Security measures are strict on flights to Israel , the bags are searched , the men are frisked , and the women have an electronic hoop passed over them , fore-and-aft .	12	4
The book , he says , was written in Arabic by Cid Hamete Benengali .	8	1
He stands alone in front of the audience and , ultimately , he has to bring out the best of himself in order to make the audience laugh .	5	1
Asking for help with a work or school-related problem is almost always a good bet , as is asking a question about something striking about the person .	2	2
Sheikh Lotfollah Mosque , interior of the dome	4	4
Ingenious , really , how many ways Muggles have found of getting along without magic .	3	1
Also , he loves teaching so much , his price is unbeatable , but that does not change his level of skill .	4	4
The Access project must be connected to a SQL Server 7.0 ( or later ) database or a Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Desktop Engine .	6	1
An hour later , as he climbed from the number 4 bus at 70th Street and Fifth Avenue , he still had not answered the question .	4	1
My daughter is starting ballet this year for the first time .	5	2
I felt my coat tugged at , and tugged again , and at last I looked around .	9	3
as far as French planning experts are concerned , for example , the most probable scenario today is that of the entrenchment of regional disparities within each country .	14	4
Visualize the inside of your body bathed in the golden light , absorbing every ray and glowing as radiantly as the sun .	18	5
Let 's discuss exactly what is involved here -- confidentiality , etc .	2	4
The person at Petsmart is very wrong ; in fact it is always a good idea to second guess what most pet store employees tell you ; they do n't have the best track record regarding giving reliable pet care info .	17	3
Brushing at dust was the commonest gesture in town .	5	5
Under President Hu Jintao , Beijing has opened out to New Delhi and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao is expected to visit early next year , making friends by formally accepting Sikkim as part of India and backing India as a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council -- thus leaving Washington as the only one of the " permanent five " that has not yet done so .	33	1
The moment they know the de-gnoming 's going on they storm up to have a look .	7	3
10 - Number of fellow members from the Yale secret society Skull and Bones that Bush has named to important positions ( including the Associate Attorney General Robert McCallum Jr. and SEC chief Bill Donaldson ) .	16	2
You can also sometimes find someone who owns a pet snake .	4	2
You could depend on your criminal soldiers to bring in provisions .	11	1
And waited .	2	1
BIG MISTAKE - The food was tasteless and cold .	8	2
It might have been connected with the philanthropic desire of giving the criminals something to do .	11	2
Tracy , Do we have concerns here .	3	1
The outer circle is largely financed by Saudi Arabia , but also by donations from certain Moslem communities in the United States and Europe and , to a smaller extent , by donations of European Governments to various NGO's and by certain United Nations organizations , whose goals may be noble , but they are infested and exploited by agents of the outer circle .	38	3
After going to the hospital and paying ER prices ... there is no way I wo n't be back here !!	1	3
I have 24 hrs in San Francisco - what are the best sights to see in my short time ?	16	1
In fact , upon hearing the evidence , a former Pakistani prime minister confessed that he would have been more proactive in this area had he known while he was in office what he knows now .	30	1
Of the total 56 projects , 41 originate at the competent authorities of Member States , while 15 are an initiative of the Commission / OLAF .	16	3
In the staccato part it 's like a music : a lot of break , very very short sentences .	4	1
The punishment for suicide murder should be death or arrest before the murder , not during and not after .	14	2
Both unbeaten teams going in , the Brazillian team won the championship and $ 50,000 .	6	2
Based on how CRRA reacts , I would make an ultimate determination if the agreement needs to be attached to the LOI .	0	3
You might therefore wish to start right in on the first page of text that follows and only then return to this introduction .	6	3
According to the director 's own count , to date he has made eight feature films .	7	1
PS Your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games ( when I found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in Shreveport ( I ca n't remember the name of it )) I realized he is a very , very sick college football fan .	49	4
In recent years , Łódź has been battling rising unemployment and youth migration resulting from the failing textile industry and is repositioning itself as a hub for design and creative industries .	20	1
A couple days after the oil change , the engine ran rough , the low oil pressure light would come on sporadically , and the engine would whir loudly .	28	3
Yes you can carry your duty free bottles , and liquids onto your connection as it is only a domestic flight :-)	16	1
The clans did n't have any stories about coming from Earth .	10	3
If you really want to avoid the crowds , definitely avoid the weekends .	6	2
I 'm not sure if any of you know much about civet cats , but to brief those who might not know , I will quote James Rachels , author of World Hunger and Moral Obligation among many other animal rights - related books and articles .	2	2
I 've stayed at this fabulous little motel two years running , and I have to say it 's one of the best lodging experiences I 've ever had on the coast ... and I 'm even comparing it to the big resorts I 've stayed at !	33	2
The Tigers ' chief ideologue , Balasingham , sniffed at the proposal saying that " a solution to the ethnic conflict can not be predetermined by the resolutions or declarations of donor conferences , but has to be negotiated by the parties in conflict without the constraints of external forces . "	19	3
If they do not , if businesspeople feel marginalised , if entrepreneurs cannot take part , not only in managing but also in receiving these funds , we will have missed an opportunity to attain our objectives more rapidly .	36	5
go 2 starbucks do nt spend more than 20 bucks :)	2	5
Gray and sunken , in the thoughts of Mr Bloom in Joyce 's Ulysses .	4	1
Cognitive games involve a number of different games working aspects of human cognition , while proposing the intersection between the sets of concepts , fun and cognition , for the improvement of cognitive functions .	26	5
Are there any new Gaming console ?	3	2
Imaginary evil is romantic and varied ; real evil is gloomy , monotonous , barren , boring .	3	4
Where it risks fighting dual Sunni Arab and Shiite insurgencies simultaneously , at a time when US troops are rotating on a massive scale and hoping to downsize their forces in country ?	22	4
I have a Norwegian Forest Cat that is named Achilles bc as a kitten he always attacked your feet when you walked by !	9	4
Stacey Barclay Richardson Enron Net Works , LLC - Global Contracts Stacey.Richardson@enron.com ( 713 ) 853-0569 Office ( 713 ) 646-2495 Fax ( 713 ) 710-6084 Pager	5	3
Excellent customer service and quality work .	6	1
try for a large body of water if you are confident your companion can save you from drowning .	11	2
Subject : Re : NASA IS A WASTE !	5	1
He achieved some fame as an architect by redesigning the City Hall in New York for the First Congress of the United States ( See : Federal Hall ) .	16	2
We had frosts in October so I would n't advise visiting late in the year to be honest , Spring time is your best bet .	9	3
Great computer repair store , highly recommended .	0	3
It contains a tiny lagoon , which has all but dried up .	3	2
Like the tens of billions of dollars that have been " lost " in Iraq , planeloads of arms do n't just " vanish " ; not when the Pentagon contracts the work to an international criminal of Bout 's untouchable stature .	0	2
Do n't use your hands -- use a metal or plastic utensil of some sort .	2	2
( I just thought he wanted me to see one of those chain letter things again ) so I fineally checked it , and it was an e mail from southwest airlines telling me the flight dates for out family trip to Florida !!!	21	1
WHERE : MAIN STREET SALOON	4	3
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page , we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers .	27	1
At first they were of a mind to let him enter the house and to kill him as a detected burglar ; but they argued that if they were mixed up in an inquiry their own identity would at once be publicly disclosed and they would be open to further attacks .	38	1
We have done considerable research before coming to the conclusions before us tonight .	0	1
She is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out .	10	6
MAD means crazy , or angry , so you do a lot with it , i would put a gorrilla screaming , just the face , and just throw in a lot of brushes fifferent colors , make it look artistic .	2	3
John , sorry for the late response , but I think you can implement immediately .	13	5
Writers will occasionally write their own headlines , but we come up with a list of 15 or 20 headline ideas , what we think will make a good story and then we assign it based upon what people ’s writing strengths are .	8	2
This is not just the fault of the Commission , but I believe that we need to take action more quickly so as to achieve harmonisation in this area as well .	26	1
Started in 1990 , the Taipei lantern festival continues a 2000 year old tradition of light related festivals marking the end of the Chinese New Year celebrations .	24	2
In the 1960s Hadid attended boarding schools in England and Switzerland .	10	6
" Arafat 's secular nationalism was supple enough to compromise with Israel and to imagine a two - state solution , even if the road of negotiations remained rocky .	11	3
The design of the model and its potential economics could be key to how worthy the effort might be .	15	2
a publicity stunt for an international cigarette-making firm .	0	1
You will find elegant hotels , restaurants and malls in the northern part of the city .	0	2
1576 Boi taken prisoner , but wins his freedom playing chess .	6	2
I sent a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was .	2	1
He turned his attention to the photograph again and was relieved to find his thoughts wandering to the subject of whales , to the expeditions that had set out from Nantucket in the last century , to Melville and the opening pages of Moby Dick .	0	1
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I am determined to prove to the Admissions commitee that I can excel with the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business .	35	1
This Directive is in accordance with certain principles for the implementation of the new approach as set out in the Council Resolution of 7 May 1985 on a new approach to technical harmonisation and standards and of making reference to harmonised European standards .	25	2
He was also the Team Manager of the Slovenian wheelchair basketball national team .	2	2
I was told that large sections of the Socialist Group were also keen to have this item taken off the agenda , because at the vote in the Conference of Presidents no vote was received from the working group of Members of the Socialist Group responsible for this matter .	7	2
I do nt know how it is possible to make orange chicken , sesame chicken and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puffs taste THAT bad but China Delight accomplished that .	7	4
i m not worried about damaging the surface my tank is on because i can prop it up off the surface anyway .	9	2
In order to form a callous and prevent rot , cure the cuttings by sitting the pad upright in a dry , dark place for 10 to 14 days .	25	1
This has resulted in a major rail accident in Pakistan involving three trains and involving more than 300 deaths .	0	2
There is no such thing as a BTA or " Basic Travel Allowance " - this is 100 % a scam - as the first poster said , cut off any and all contact with this person - they are NOT who or what they are claiming to be .	42	1
They shut the owl in the paint locker while they debated what to do with it , and in the night John set it free .	22	2
That band is involved in a local competition which promises a $ 5000 first prize , which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started .	23	3
One evening a grass shed full of calico , cotton prints , beads , and I do n't know what else , burst into a blaze so suddenly that you would have thought the earth had opened to let an avenging fire consume all that trash .	14	2
Or was Mr Eichelberger simply an executive with a client to please and a job to do a pure professional ?	4	3
It is also a fact that almost everybody in the region blames this situation on the United States , on Israel , on Western Civilization , on Judaism and Christianity , on anyone and anything , except themselves .	14	1
$ 36 - Amount allocated per person for homeland security in Wyoming , Vice - President Cheney 's home state .	14	1
It was here they stole a small canoe left by the Australian Aborigines of the region .	12	5
Over the centuries some readers have posited that Shakespeare 's sonnets are autobiographical , and point to them as evidence of his love for a young man .	22	2
Tulsa lies in northeastern Oklahoma , at the convergence of the Great Plains and the Ozark Plateau , and receives an average of 40 inches of precipitation each year , both of which account for its abundant beautiful rolling green terrain .	35	2
I want to go to the cafeteria for vegetables .	8	5
This would be on a walk - in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good ( Not relying on pictures from the internet ) and is in a spot we like .	7	1
I explained that i was already on my way and i would rush to get there as soon as i could because i needed my car for work at 5 am , but the guy was arguing with me saying he was gon na lock the doors right at 5:30 .	45	2
Say something like , " Huh .	6	1
Otherwise , I will be sending it to Peoples as our final revision by mid morning .	5	4
Any thorough assessment of the impact of the Iraq war and its aftermath on Israel 's security environment must , therefore , closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfare .	15	1
Previous reviewers said they were pushy and I can understand that , but I find the staff more helpful than anything else .	21	2
Initiatives aimed at enhancing the public 's knowledge of nutrition are also crucial – not least because they can motivate citizens to pressure their governments to take action .	20	4
It 's a nice bike and it cost a lot of money .	6	1
I highly recommend any one considering home repair to give these guys a call .	6	2
Critics of Scientology at the Internet newsgroup alt.religion.scientology were critical of the attacks to the Church of Scientology website , with one poster writing " How can people look at both sides if one side is gone ? "	34	2
Best jiu - jitsu mma in Santa Rosa and i have the experience and belt to back it up !	5	1
Then the war might stop & all those juicy profits would just evaporate .	1	2
You can transform the native XML data into a specific Access format by choosing from the options in the Import XML dialog box .	4	3
Now-and-then history treats us to an interval of freedom and civilization and we make much of it .	10	6
And this was the place where some of the helpers had withdrawn to die .	1	2
Per my conversation with Edmund this morning , we are moving the following countries to the non-approved list : Austria , Belgium , Croatia , Czech Republic , Denmark , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Singapore , and Slovenia .	28	4
( See attached file : UnleadedStocks.pdf ) ( See attached file : CrudeStocks.pdf ) ( See attached file : HeatingOilStocks.pdf ) ( See attached file : PADDIIstocksCL.pdf ) ( See attached file : PADDIstocksHO.pdf ) ( See attached file : PADDIstocksHU.pdf ) ( See attached file : API.pdf )	34	1
Do n't eavesdrop , but when they 're talking to you or to those around you , listen to them .	19	2
It is particularly important in the light of reports in the media that Europe is rapidly losing ground to the US in the hi-tech growth industries of the future .	1	1
I do n't want to have to deal with those deal - a - day websites like Groupon .	3	2
we are collecting a premium up front and their total cost is known up front .	9	3
' I hastened to assure him I was not in the least typical .	10	2
In the world press , commentators predict that Katrina will make a profound change in the way the US is perceived at home and abroad , especially following the scenes of poverty and racial divisions they believe the disaster has revealed .	21	1
Nonetheless , if the English law had been accepted , the daughters of Luis X , Felipe V and Carlos IV would have had more of a claim to the throne , above their aunt Isabella of France .	12	1
However , Socotra is a perfect destination for the adventurous and nature loving travelers .	8	2
You should n't ask this question it 's intimidating , if i tell you what people knows about Philippines you will blush , thank god many thinks i 'm japanese just because of the way i keep myself , the way i talk and treat people , and the way i dress , so if you do n't want nasty , insulting answers especially from those undesirable migrants like puttagenius , caloy , gro science , and irene .	29	4
If you have children or are just a real animal lover yourself you 'll love this zoo .	13	2
It 's enough to make your hair stand on end , said Dando ; and enjoyed the effect .	13	1
Filter fields allow you to confine the view to a particular part of the available data .	1	3
In the play Holofernes is ridiculing Don Adriana " the traveler from Spain " and says of him : " He is too picked , too spruce , too affected , Too odd , as it were , too PEREGRINate , as I may call it . "	28	2
But in the domestic ceremony of passed dishes and filled glasses thoughts of a destructive enemy are hard to grasp .	8	2
Seems as if there is a clear distinction being made between the ' imaginary ' Whore of Babalon and the actually Whore of Babylon , which is this global system .	27	2
This is o.k. for Ken Lay , but we are changing to a more uniform address , so would likely be better to use kenneth.lay@enron.com .	25	1
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .	10	2
When we walked in , the person behind desk said : " oh well , you must wait , I am in the middle of something . "	10	1
Asking for help with a work or school-related problem is almost always a good bet , as is asking a question about something striking about the person .	25	2
okay , I do nt have a review , but why in the hell would you name your business something that has the initials KKK .... is there something behind the scenes at this place ?	24	2
After recently relocating to South Bend , we were looking for a delicious , fun , yet elegant establishment for New Year s Eve dinner .	22	1
Many people choose to leave out the green , which is lime if you 're using original Skittles , and purple , which is grape in the original style , as they can create a weird taste combination or a less than appealing color for the final product .	39	1
On the one hand , it should pressure Musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " Legal Framework Order " that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .	21	4
Beards / Muffs : If your Silkie has a beard / muff the offspring could have a beard as well , as these genes are incomplete dominate .	15	2
" However , the full fuselage trainer , that every astronaut including [ former Museum of Flight CEO ] Bonnie Dunbar has been trained on , will soon call the Museum of Flight home .	16	3
Then , from the darkness , he began to hear a voice , a chanting , idiotic voice that sang the same sentence over and over again : You ca n't make an omelette without breaking eggs .	14	4
Because elevator rides usually last less than a minute , make sure your pranks are quick and have a lot of punch .	7	1
The punishment for suicide murder should be death or arrest before the murder , not during and not after .	13	1
We pointed out to the PX that there was excess credit .	3	1
This unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling - out with his Iraqi partner , who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of Kuwait , a wholly - owned U.S. - British subsidiary .	15	1
They had started two days before in a sudden hurry up the river with the manager on board , in charge of some volunteer skipper , and before they had been out three hours they tore the bottom out of her on stones , and she sank near the south bank .	1	2
The early plays were influenced by the works of other Elizabethan dramatists , especially Thomas Kyd and Christopher Marlowe , by the traditions of medieval drama , and by the plays of Seneca .	5	1
You can resize a control by using the sizing handles , or you can resize a control to the height or width of another control .	12	2
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	12	2
If I can get a few minutes with Mark H. today , I 'm going to propose that I speak to Stan Klimberg about getting this signed before Thursday 's meeting with LIPA .	3	2
This would not only apply to entertainment content , but equally to education , to scientific research and , perhaps most importantly , to political discourse .	8	1
Tulsa has one of the largest concentrations of Art Deco in the nation , having been a booming city during the 1920s when the architecture was first built by rich oil barons who built stately mansions and turned the Downtown area into a treasure trove of art .	35	4
Thus began a fifteen - year correspondence between Balzac and " the object of [ his ] sweetest dreams " :	12	3
Unlike an opossum , the chicken gives an unconvincing act , as it continues to blink and breathe in an obvious way . "	18	1
In Access 2000 , you can only programmatically change the ANSI SQL query mode and any queries created under ANSI-92 mode were hidden in the Database window .	6	2
The rain had stopped now , and although the sky was still gray , far to the west Quinn could see a tiny shift of light seeping through the clouds .	2	2
Moreover , seeing someone perform on the internet takes away the use of our senses , originality and imagination that reading and thinking about magic can produce .	0	4
I know it s in the wrong catagory , but still , I wrote this question for a reason , not for you to critisize me .	10	3
So yes , I would n't hesitate in recommending the team at Just Autos for easy professional car repairs , Thank you Just Autos for your help .	10	2
Do n't miss the spectacular waterfalls in the jungle of Basse-Terre ( Carbet Falls ) .	14	1
Now that the Dursleys knew they were n't going to wake up as fruitbats , he had lost his only weapon .	21	1
Is normal bird food fine ?	2	2
There was no air at all in the living-room , and a strong smell of hot fat .	4	1
( Parliament rejected the request , with 164 votes for , 166 votes against and 7 abstentions ) .	4	4
Mary << MEH-risk Oct 20 >>	2	4
Instead of writing " Silver Service - Fragile " you should write something that makes it sound less theft inviting while showing the fragile nature of the contents .	2	4
My father put his hand on top of my hair , his palm on my head , and I could feel the bone of my skull and my skin and his hot palm , so dry and strong .	12	2
In my opinion , Don Quixote was conducting an experiment .	8	1
Sheila Knudsen	1	4
Dando took him to the Bayleys ; but Neil was a friend of Mweta , and Vivien was the niece of , of all people , Sir William Clough , the last governor , who had been a junior with Bray in the colonial service in Tanganyika .	46	5
Yeah , what you see on Studio 60 and 30 Rock , those are scripted writers rooms .	14	4
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( Phone ) 713-646-3393 ( Fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	1	2
Moreover , many of the Macedonian and Persian elite intermarried .	4	2
But the depth and persistence of the ongoing crisis have exposed the euro 's fundamental fragilities , and should serve as a warning that today 's technocratic Band - Aids may not hold in the face of another shock .	11	2
Arafat was unable to complete the classic guerrilla pattern and bring the masses into the struggle .	9	2
The sauce was dry and the enchiladas did not taste good . at all .	3	2
The layout of a PivotTable view does not have to include all of the fields that are available from the underlying record source .	10	4
Tell me , what events is today important such as how many elephants Hannibal had on the Alps , when you can have helicopters ?	18	1
And yet , as Ukrainians work to rebuild our country after Viktor Yanukovych 's predatory rule , we are facing a new threat , in the form of a " peace offensive " – that old staple of Soviet diplomacy designed to undermine Western resolve .	20	1
I have also tried monthly data and the results are the same .	7	2
Getting the Spanish out of Iraq is n't nearly as good a rallying cry for al - Qaeda in the Arab world as getting the Americans and British out .	12	4
Read the entire article ; there 's a punchline , too .	1	2
( 7 ) Ecodesign requirements should be set bearing in mind the goals and priorities of the Sixth Community Environment Action Programme , including as appropriate applicable goals of the relevant thematic strategies of that Programme .	24	1
Winter defied his own board and Gov. Gray Davis when he filed a 50 - page request to remove the caps , records and interviews show .	14	1
During the U.S. and Russian lunar race during the Cold War , NASA scored an early coup by circling the moon with the Apollo 8 crew over the 1968 Christmas holidays .	29	5
Usually they blow dry it out and i have to wait until i wash it to see what it will look like in its natural state .	16	2
She was described by The Guardian of London as the ' Queen of the curve ' , who " liberated architectural geometry , giving it a whole new expressive identity . "	21	4
Make sure he is n't trapped somewhere & put a bowl of food out .	11	1
The direction of saccades is determined by an interaction between the goals of the observer and the physical properties of the different elements of the scene ( e.g. colour , texture , brightness etc ) .	35	1
It does get pretty cold in Ireland so going before winter is your best bet .	14	2
So now the Senate is getting ready to vote soon , on whether to approve him or not ; and at this moment ( evening of Jan. 27 , 2006 ) it looks like he has more than the fifty - one votes needed for approval .	23	1
Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 6 is one of the most successful software products ever as measured by its durability and the massive numbers of people who have used it .	19	2
Did n't hurt any that they knew my name by my second visit and greeted me warmly then and on my third visit .	1	2
Never a bad smokehouse burger though !	1	1
i 'm a red sox fan so i was glad that the phillies won .	10	2
Let me know what you think of this property .	4	2
So my question is ..	4	1
Once a car nearly ran him over as he was crossing the street .	11	2
All of the staff at Hudson have contributed in some way to this work , as have the thousands of people with whom we have discussed these issues at meetings , seminars , and briefings at the Institute and other locations around the world . "	41	3
I am not sure how reliable that is , though .	8	1
The only hope now is that , following the elections , the National Assembly would offer the hand of peace and reconciliation to the dissenting parties .	7	5
If you mention the name Amir you will receive % 10 off at time of purchase	1	2
Some rich builder and his wife were coming to dinner and Uncle Vernon was hoping to get a huge order from him ( Uncle Vernon 's company made drills ) .	4	2
Also , please let me know , by email , the names and contact information of other managers within Enron who might benefit from having someone with my qualifications in their group .	2	3
Ron 's school spellbooks were stacked untidily in a corner , next to a pile of comics that all seemed to feature The Adventures of Martin Miggs , the Mad Muggle .	13	1
Sounds like your 2 at least tolerate each other , so there is hope there .	3	1
Set within lush gardens which are free to roam if you do n't want to go inside the building .	0	2
On the other hand , the Richmond Ukrops chain is known for its charity work , its community action , and its interest in the public welfare .	17	5
He will make sure that we do not request FX and inflation ( CPI , PPI , etc. ) curves when only one of the curves will actually be used in the valuation process and to determine which inflation index is needed .	26	2
( 1 ) Everyone charged with a penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his defence .	37	4
1669 , reportedly built for residence purposes of the king 's harem .	6	4
In 1593 and 1594 , when the theatres were closed because of plague , Shakespeare published two narrative poems on erotic themes , Venus and Adonis and The Rape of Lucrece .	7	4
The market in agricultural products is therefore no longer linked exclusively to price , but to the region .	2	1
Walgreens on University	1	1
Other studies specifically investigate the use of digital games in the school context and suggest potential for digital game use to improve of student 's attention span at preschool age ( Rueda , Checa , & Cómbita , 2012 ) , to improve overall intelligence capacity of elementary school children ( Miller & Robertson , 2010 ) , and to better performance of working memory ability ( Klingberg et al. , 2005 ; Thorell , Lindqvist , Nutley , Bohlin , & Klingberg , 2009 ) .	57	1
what does it mean when a veiled chameleon egg is soft ?	5	1
Mr Kedourie doubts that he needed " to call on the resources of American political science for such lessons in tyranny ?	8	2
Our server was quite attentive and the food was fantastic .	4	5
The 2.6 -% margin of fluctuation is nothing new ; it already exists within the present system and is already being applied .	22	1
Michelle Blaine@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT	1	6
Boyish , bearded ( the beard is short and copper-brown ) , nervous , a bit high , thinner than when I saw him last , he carries a cardboard valise containing books and booze and pyjamas and a house present .	25	1
Leaving aside the fact that this views conflicts with other historical examples in the region , Sunnis have never offered an alternative choice , which eventually leads one to guess that the opinion held by the Fallujan taxi driver above is precisely what they are planning to implement .	29	3
The Grand Lake Theater stands at the entrance to the neighborhood that bears its name , a matter of a few hundred feet from Lakeshore Avenue – both are diverse neighborhoods no matter what your budget , be it burgers or sandwiches or a full romantic evening , either of these twin-sister neighborhoods will make a pleasant time , by day or night .	8	1
you will need to give him only a small place to explore , so he can make it his territory , and feel safe there .	6	2
Any tips or advice to make this a great experience ??	10	1
Researchers have been investigating potential for male hormonal contraceptives for around 20 years .	2	2
Madam President , coinciding with this year 's first part - session of the European Parliament , a date has been set , unfortunately for next Thursday , in Texas in America , for the execution of a young 34 year - old man who has been sentenced to death .	46	2
And every computer manufactured in both Ireland & the UK are Region 2 aka PAL .	12	1
On September 29 , Scientology officials went to the East Los Angeles sheriff 's station where they claimed Montalvo allegedly left the organization with computer hard drives .	25	2
And though he is not permitted to sit beside women unrelated to him or to look at them or to communicate with them in any manner ( all of which probably saves him a great deal of trouble ) , he seems a good-hearted young man and he is visibly enjoying himself .	50	4
According to a new study by the economists Robert Shapiro and Aparna Mathur , if India achieved Chinese levels of IP protection , its annual FDI inflows would increase by 33 % annually .	21	5
The Pentagon is bypassing official US intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in Iran in preparation for any possible attack , former and current intelligence officials say ...	12	5
The ReportML file can be used to convert the saved data into a data access page .	13	2
They can be bleak and eerie , often very exposed , often covered with antiquities like bronze age burial mounds , stone circles and settlements -- until late in the bronze age they were rich farmlands , then a change in the climate caused the skies to cloud over and rain to wash the goodness from the soil .	47	3
Ukraine will stand up to the bully – on our own , if necessary .	10	2
The classes cover all age and skill ranges , with BALLROOM , LATIN , SEQUENCE , STREET , DISCO , LINE DANCING , BALLET , TAP & JAZZ .	23	3
The long answer is a bit more complicated .	7	6
So I pointed this out to him , at which point he said they only had one of the correct tires in stock .	22	3
As I will say in the debate on the Erika disaster , we do not wait until there is a disaster to deal with the question of safety , but we work on it even when there are no such circumstances , which simply serve to demonstrate the urgency for an effective response to this type of problem .	36	3
A recent example of weather control was China 's preparation for the 2008 Summer Olympic Games .	10	2
Voters see the two major party nominees as exemplifying what is worst about their respective parties , and they want something better .	4	3
Make You Feel Like a Number	0	2
While the Indian army has become rock - solid in the western front , and has developed the capability of withstanding any Pakistani adventure in that sector , it has become highly vulnerable in its eastern sector , where its enemy is not a national army but a multitude of secessionist , terrorist and drug - running militants operating between Southeast Asia and northeastern India through Bangladesh .	13	1
The doors opened ; voices from without came in on currents of air ; he emerged among the others into heady recognition taken in at all the senses , walking steadily across the tarmac through the raw-potato whiff of the undergrowth , the fresh , early warmth on hands , the cool metallic taste of last night 's storm at the back of the throat ,	44	1
They can be bleak and eerie , often very exposed , often covered with antiquities like bronze age burial mounds , stone circles and settlements -- until late in the bronze age they were rich farmlands , then a change in the climate caused the skies to cloud over and rain to wash the goodness from the soil .	3	3
How is Deb 's knee ?	0	2
Cloud has instructed me to call with any further questions .	1	2
Best regards .	1	4
Shahar is bald , muscular , and his shirt is ornamented with nags , horseshoes , and bridles , a yellow print on dark blue .	5	1
When you copy an interior vertical line , the new line is halfway between the line you copied and the line to the right of the line you copied .	22	2
Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $ 400 !!	18	2
When nacho is driving to cure the influenza guy does he say to the man with the cow i like your blouse or I like your cow because my friend thinks he says I like your blouse , but that would n't make sense .	17	2
John , Karim ,	1	1
We live in the flicker – may it last as long as the old earth keeps rolling !	10	2
However General Barno insists the US presence poses no threat to Iran .	8	1
But from the way the light was coming through the windows , it seemed to be almost noon .	2	2
22 - Number of hours prisoners were handcuffed , shackled , and made to wear surgical masks , earmuffs , and blindfolds during their flight to Guantanamo .	10	1
I 've dined at lots of high - end restaurants and I 've never before felt my money was so well spent .	2	3
The way the tax law works , the tax basis for your share distribution will be based on the closing stock price the day preceding notification to the transfer agent .	25	6
Mr Key promoted the campaign for a unique New Zealand flag on Waitangi Day - February 6 - this year .	17	1
Get your English in order before writing here again please .	2	4
He stood rocked back on his heels with his coat thrown over his shoulders and his hands in his pockets .	17	1
A couple days after the oil change , the engine ran rough , the low oil pressure light would come on sporadically , and the engine would whir loudly .	10	2
I could see every rib , the joints of their limbs were like knots in a rope ; each had an iron collar on his neck , and all were connected together with a chain whose bights swung between them , rhythmically clinking .	1	3
I 'll take it to my bank tomorrow morning , deposit it in my account , and give you the money when it clears .	14	4
The staff taking your order and " waiting " on you are very indifferent and have no sense of costumer service at all .	3	2
To make the reference more pointed and unmistakable , Sir Nathaniel replies " a most singular & choice epithet , " and at once enters it in his note book .	26	1
For European citizens , it ensures that the public interest is taken into consideration , which is so important to their daily lives .	22	3
He then wrote mainly tragedies until about 1608 , including Hamlet , King Lear , Othello , and Macbeth , considered some of the finest works in the English language .	28	4
" We do not believe the suspect has ties to this school , or to the two girls , or specifically to the Abbotsford area , " she said .	27	2
" Luckily , someone in Sony Australia was like , ' Hey , by the way , did you guys notice this ? ' " says Pall .	26	2
I 'm not sure which one you gave him , but there 's a brief , brief , brief IQ test there .	15	1
I lived in a hut in the yard , but to be out of the chaos I would sometimes get into the accountant 's office .	10	1
I left a voicemail for Sharon Butcher , as well , just to make sure it is handled .	18	1
This makes it necessary to also take account of the ways in which materials and packaging are affected by cold of this kind .	22	2
It is a bustling place where separate parties are seated at the same table ( as in many European cafes ) , but if you are OK with that , the food is very good .	10	1
" They filed an emergency motion , and we were not about to let California go dark , '' Hoecker said .	14	5
Empty elements can be denoted by a special shorthand tag .	6	1
When you distribute a Web page that uses components , users who do not have the components installed will be prompted to install the components , provided the Web page designer configures the components to do so .	32	2
César was personally informed of Pompey 's actions by Curio , who at that time had finished his term in office .	21	1
The hardest part of flirting is to break through your initial reluctance , so if you 're having a hard time taking the plunge , just remind yourself that no matter how badly it goes , it 'll be less stressful than an equivalent real-world encounter .	28	2
They can be bleak and eerie , often very exposed , often covered with antiquities like bronze age burial mounds , stone circles and settlements -- until late in the bronze age they were rich farmlands , then a change in the climate caused the skies to cloud over and rain to wash the goodness from the soil .	0	2
His own descendants and the descendants of other Moriori live on today .	6	1
One thing you can be sure of about Irish weather is how little you can be sure of .	11	2
Despite the best efforts of IT , continuing problems with the AS400 application , a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports , and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that I am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to AA to satisfy their audit requirements - which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values .	60	3
TO Stay in Agra - Hotel Atithi and Aditya Palace is perfect for you .	14	1
- With regard to the effect of the programme on the convergence of high level training for trainers , it was not possible to make an assessment as there was not sufficient information on the link between national strategies and the activities under Pericles .	12	1
Shahar leads me down from the Mishkenot Sha'ananim , which stands on a slope and faces Mount Zion and the Old City , to the Gai-Hinnom ( Gehenna of tradition ) , where worshipers of Moloch once sacrificed their children .	3	2
PRINCETON – German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble recently declared that the European Union has " moved sovereignty to the European level " – a startling claim , given that European governments seem to be pursuing their national interests more aggressively than at any time since World War II .	7	4
Whereas it is essential to promote the development of friendly relations between nations ;	7	6
Madam President , I would like to make a few comments .	5	2
I love this cage , it 's easy to clean , very spacious and fun for the hamster	8	1
Serve and enjoy !	3	1
The spell was over , and yet his body did not know it .	11	2
Barracuda and Kayangan lakes are both stunning locations , and good for snorkeling , and the island is the ancestral domain of an indigenous tribe who are managing the island in a sustainable way and keeping outsiders at a distance and offshore at night .	23	5
Advertisement hoardings had gone up , there was a cement works , smart factories put together out of jutting glassy sections and , in between , the patches scratched in the bush where women and children were hoeing crooked rows of beans and maize .	38	4
According to Wilkins , Warhol was able to reproduce the Polaroid photograph and create an enlargement of it , which he then could use to commit the image to the silk screen medium by applying paint or manipulating them further .	13	3
The CURSE OF GOD carried on until he was shot dead .	3	2
In the steady buzz of flies the homeward-bound agent was lying flushed and insensible ; the other , bent over his books , was making correct entries of perfectly correct transactions ; and fifty feet below the doorstep I could see the still tree-tops of the grove of death .	21	3
i have talked to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say it s a routine thing when entering another country .	27	4
you need to do that for a least a week , or else this type of territorial fighting will happen .	2	1
Roly rang up to see if he had arrived , and explained again – he had done so in advance by letter – that he had an official lunch to attend .	19	4
He felt that the new July Monarchy ( which claimed widespread popular support ) was disorganized and unprincipled , in need of a mediator to keep the political peace between the King and insurgent forces .	18	1
Sharon 's assassination of major Hamas leaders has also weakened authority structures in that party .	9	4
We have since moved slightly further away from the centre but it 's worth the extra travel , as the care provided exceeds our expectations ... especially after a few horrendous daycare experiences elsewhere .	15	3
mm it depends on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him in .. atleast as far as i 'm concerned .	6	1
In his final period , Shakespeare turned to romance or tragicomedy and completed three more major plays :	9	1
Of course , they could n't call him either to ask about it because apparently they do n't keep their employees ' phone numbers ( riiight ) , so I would have to return on Monday ( driving for 3 days now with no wheel lock should I get a flat ) .	17	2
The disembarking passengers were all strangers again , connected not with each other but to the mouthing , smiling faces and waving hands on the airport balcony .	26	4
The locations of referenced files are specified in the References dialog box that is available from the References command on the Tools menu in the Visual Basic Editor .	6	5
Also the president of the Lombardy region , Roberto Maroni , has reacted by proposing some regional counter-measures to finance private schools .	10	1
Tell them it costs like 8 dollars a month ( if even that much ) to keep it fed .	12	2
The result was to swing a deeply divided society from the verge of civil war to an unprecedented sense of unity .	9	2
Well , I 'll try to make this short .	7	2
Signs of Saltford - an excellent supplier of value for money signs and banners etc .	0	3
" The police should be politisized , and should become , to whatever extent necessary , a partisan paramilitary arm of the revolutionary government " ?	19	2
If you 're still curious , read on .	8	1
The Chair has already stated that the proposal was made in accordance with the Rules , so there are no grounds for changing anything .	21	2
Does the Commission have any sort of long-term policy in mind here ?	12	1
However , they were intercepted and had to do battle in Freeman , close to the Hudson River .	12	1
We can not accept that situation . The first reading provided a remedy .	10	4
" Terry said he made that filing in the interest of Californians , but I find that argument has no basis in fact . ''	17	4
If the negotiations stall , it seems like I need to go ahead and cut off the utilities .	0	1
The chiro / acupuncturist will be there to evaluate the horse for wobblers which is often caused by spinal compression and can be confused with EPM .	15	3
What you are doing is creating a service .	6	1
following up on our discussion yesterday ; for these types of deals , i do nt think it s necessary to have all the documentation of our counterparty 's authorization to enter into the agreement .	14	1
On my asking who Mr. Kurtz was , he said he was a first-class agent ; and seeing my disappointment at this information , he added slowly , laying down his pen , ' He is a very remarkable person . '	10	1
I think if you can not afford to get him treated that you should not consider him as a prospect .	9	2
The atmosphere is a chaotic system , so small changes to one part of the system can grow to have large effects on the system as a whole .	12	2
I saw him , later on , for several days , sitting in a bit of shade looking very sick and trying to recover himself :	3	1
I went from a pain scale of 8 - 9 to 0 and I was able to run in the Crim just a week later !!	13	1
US Marines moved into most of Fallujah on Wednesday , though they were still meeting pockets of resistance .	15	4
For some reason , Quinn had not expected this , and it threw him off track .	12	3
We said the first people came out of the sun .	0	1
That led to revelations over the last two days that at least six other Quebec journalists were targeted by provincial police surveillance operations .	8	2
If the Dursleys wake up , I 'm dead , said Harry as he tied the rope tightly around a bar and Fred revved up the car .	13	1
It may be a problem because the temperature is constantly changing .	4	4
12 . Remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in Section 6.1 .	10	4
The reality is that IP protection is an economic engine that developing - country citizens should not have to forego .	14	4
Please let me know if you would like for me to conference you in .	3	2
But in mathematics you can build your own structures .	3	2
When the Hasid returns to his seat after prayers , I tell him that my wife , a woman of learning , will be lecturing at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem .	0	2
Microsoft waits for death of Internet Explorer 6	2	2
Mushrooms are very fast in their growth .	7	1
Everything is always cooked fresh and tastes fresh .	8	1
If it 's inherently negative , then they 're either over-zealous , ignorant of other people or what to avoid those that contradict their fantasy land that caters to them and them only .	3	5
You say I cook chicken , is n't it ?	7	2
Once , when he had been in the luncheonette , they had talked about baseball , and now , each time Quinn came in , they continued to talk about it .	29	3
Here 's a story ... as I was waiting at the bus stop ( 7:35 am ) to go to school , a lady approached me and asked if I 'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus .	7	2
They are deemed to be on notice that they had alternate point rights ( it s in the tariff ) and if they wanted to submit a bid that had a different rate for primaries and alternates , they could have done so .	41	2
I have never had any problems with loud neighbors or concerns about safety .	8	5
As President , I will serve ALL of the people in America , guided by the Constitution .	9	3
These measures shall be taken during a period of three years following the date of accession and their application shall be limited to that period .	15	5
Please respond to < ekrapels@esaibos.com >	1	4
$ 2 b - Estimated monthly cost of US military presence in Iraq projected by the White House in April 2003 .	21	1
My family and our colleagues will be forever grateful .	6	1
The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter , the president of the Independent System Operator , acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .	34	2
In early June 2003 , a Central Intelligence Agency ( " CIA " ) report publicly disclosed that the reason for Mohammed Atta 's and Zacarias Moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	30	6
Then earlier this year these shirts started to come out that said , " Poet says We Know " .	18	1
0 - Number of memorial services for the returned dead that Bush has attended since the beginning of the war .	14	3
Fair give and take on both sides until we agreed on a deal that was within my parameters and was fair to both sides .	23	3
33 - Percentage of the $ 15 bn Bush pledged to fight Aids in Africa that must go to abstinence - only programmes .	7	1
The city residences became expressions of the riches and power of the local tycoons .	7	3
The salespeople are never available , the lines are always too long , and all the people want is a sale .	10	2
If you want to take it a step further , look around questioningly at everyone in the elevator when no one gets off at the floors you pushed . [ 1 ]	19	1
They promise them the delights , mostly sexual , of the next world , and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead .	29	2
> From the shameful history of slavery in America , the injustice of forbidding people to marry is evident as a denial of a basic human right .	21	3
The convergence of views among the more militant Sunni Muslim clerics of AMS and the radical Shiites of the Sadr movement has been seen before , last spring during the initial US assault on Fallujah and during the US attack on Mahdi Army militiamen in Najaf .	36	3
A work that constitutes a Collective Work will not be considered a Derivative Work ( as defined below ) for the purposes of this License .	19	2
And all of this is happening in a region , which only 30 years ago , was believed to be the next wealthy part of the world , and in a Moslem area , which developed , at some point in history , one of the most advanced cultures in the world .	14	2
That might be , said Auster .	0	2
In Design view of a form , report , or data access page , you can format a control in the following ways :	8	1
Is the attached form the final final form ?	0	1
No messages will reach the EES organization unless IBM agrees not to use their proprietary message delivery tool , WebSphere , and will use WebLogic instead .	14	6
I figured it would end soon , but the money just kept coming in .	11	2
Meanwhile , his reputation seems to be improving , although Bangs noted a " pretty interesting social dynamic . "	7	5
She wore a starched white affair on her head , had a wart on one cheek , and silver-rimmed spectacles hung on the tip of her nose .	5	3
Woud it be better if I got another filter and connected the other phone as well ?	15	2
This cage will hold about 2 - 3 rats .	4	3
The exception is the appearance of his name in the ' complaints bill ' of a law case before the Queen 's Bench court at Westminster dated Michaelmas Term 1588 and 9 October 1589 .	28	2
This is one thought - provoking film .	6	2
I recommend to you , even though most of you do not understand Arabic , to watch Al Jazeera , from time to time .	23	2
He knew no one but the walk was processional , a reception to him , and by the time he entered the building over the steps where , as always , dead insects fallen from the light during the night had not been swept away , it was all as suddenly familiar and ordinary as the faces other people were greeting were , to them .	5	2
We should be establishing limit values on a Europe-wide basis , but they should be reasonable as well .	18	1
I 'm assuming this was in reference to the January earthquake , do n't worry , it was very deep , so nothing was effected :)	12	1
These wolf packs have flourished , and now there are an estimated 850 wolves roaming the northern Rockies , where merely 10 years ago there were none .	24	3
When he finished school , Balzac was an apprentice in a law office , but he turned his back on the study of law after wearying of its inhumanity and banal routine .	2	4
On July 12 , after the raid , Israel was accused of giving comfort to the reactionaries of Rhodesia and South Africa by its demonstration of military superiority and its use of Western arms and techniques , upsetting the balance between poor and rich countries , disturbing the work of men of good will in Paris who were trying to create a new climate and to treat the countries of the Third World as equals and partners .	32	4
Joseph Darnand , who became an SS officer and led the Milice paramilitaries who hunted down members of the Resistance , was executed in October 1945 .	16	4
Bray saw Margot Wentz put up her head with a quick grimace-smile , as if someone had told an old joke she could n't raise a laugh for .	1	2
My role with Firefox and the Mozilla project will remain largely unchanged , I will continue doing much the same work as I have described above - with the new goal of successful 1.1 , 1.5 and 2.0 releases .	26	1
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch .	16	6
The lump - sum payments shall be used within three years from the first payment .	3	2
In general , avoid doing the following to prevent problems caused by mixing queries created under different ANSI SQL query modes :	11	1
A health - conscious president	0	1
Do you still have the historical nymex settle file that you created for Lavo 's spread analysis ?	16	4
i doing a research paper on donatello and i notice that there are two statues of David , a bronze one and marble one .	3	4
Best weather the past couple of years has been around late April - late May but it can pour with rain for days on end at any time of the year so be prepared with waterproof jackets / boots etc .	19	2
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	2	3
The administrator of the SQL Server can also add additional security by changing the default SA account password .	11	1
Further to our conversation , please see attached sample agreements .	9	5
The address is for Noida Location not for Gurgaon Location .	4	3
The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States .	1	4
Another matter we would like to address , specifically from the point of view of industrial policy , is that we would have liked the Commission to pay more attention to the effects of services , electronic commerce and the growing use of the Internet , when they were planning the coordination of Structural Funds and Cohesion Funds .	24	2
It 's a pretty typical primary care office but for the area it 's very good .	16	1
Two of the amendments tabled and adopted unanimously by the committee relate precisely to this amended comitology procedure .	11	3
But it did revolutionize the way we think of as a smartphone .	2	2
The world has had evidence of this gender gap since at least 2011 , but only limited data about its scope , shape , and causes .	3	2
Not very welcoming and focused mostly on keeping little kids entertained .	5	3
One of his last means of placing pressure on Hungary was the threat of imposing general and free elections .	17	2
I do not want to comment here on whether the American - led attack on Iraq was justified from the point of view of weapons of mass destruction or any other pre-war argument , but I can look at the post-war map of Western Asia .	45	1
okay , I do nt have a review , but why in the hell would you name your business something that has the initials KKK .... is there something behind the scenes at this place ?	25	2
Hearing is a dog ’s secondary sense , and I will discuss that in another blog entery .	13	1
To make a difference in America you must have the " Bully Pulpit " and speak to the People .	17	2
The food was good , and so was our waitress .	1	2
Just my opinion here - no judgement - getting your snake on frozen / thawed will prove to be much easier for you and safer for your snake in the long run .	1	1
In so doing , it is supported by a committee of experts on the transport of dangerous goods under the regulatory procedure .	2	3
Drinks were awesome , prices reasonable , and staff friendly .	9	4
From 1594 , Shakespeare 's plays were performed by only the Lord Chamberlain 's Men , a company owned by a group of players , including Shakespeare , that soon became the leading playing company in London .	25	5
The king did not take special precautions during his escape and was recognized multiple times during his stays .	13	4
At the same time that one truly European own resource is waning rapidly in its importance .	5	2
To add insult to injury , he refused to refund our money .	11	3
MAD means crazy , or angry , so you do a lot with it , i would put a gorrilla screaming , just the face , and just throw in a lot of brushes fifferent colors , make it look artistic .	28	3
PS Your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games ( when I found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in Shreveport ( I ca n't remember the name of it )) I realized he is a very , very sick college football fan .	48	4
It was as if with all made splendidly ready for a theatrical performance , a party of workmen with their gear had been left behind .	20	2
Yes , I see what you 're getting at .	8	1
He said Mr Dar , 33 , was arrested in Indian - administered Kashmir and belonged to the outlawed Lashkar - e - Toiba militant group .	25	3
My father took off his coat and draped it over the edge of the pew and when I came back from communion I stole his glove .	5	2
I 'm not driving tonite , but I bet that we could hitch a ride back with Anil .	12	3
One day , maybe you can make it the official language of a country !	0	2
If you are just visiting York for the day , using a Park and Ride [ 1 ] costs a lot less than trying to park in or near the city centre , and there are five sites dotted around the Outer Ring Road .	28	2
Dwarf Hamster Making Too Much Noise On Wheel at Night ?	6	1
Forsyth Construction . You 'll see the board everywhere .	4	2
Tradition has it that the theme was selected intentionally because of the great number of converted Jews who lived in Palma .	20	3
<< PG&E Gas Accord II Settlement Proposal 12-20-00.doc >> << Proposed Gas Rule 27.doc >> << COS & Rates Workpapers for GA II 12-20-2000 Proposal.xls >>	3	3
I ca n't give out a password yet but would be happy to walk through the site with you over the phone using my password .	10	1
The former leader of the Egyptian Al - Gamaa al - Islamiya ( " Islamic Group " ) , he was also a spiritual leader of Al Qaeda .	0	2
this will shall be expressed in periodic and genuine elections which shall be by universal and equal suffrage and shall be held by secret vote or by equivalent free voting procedures .	31	1
From the Northeast / Missouri - I-44 West , aka the " Will Rogers Turnpike . "	5	1
Days away : Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 ( assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return )	4	1
What a Dump !	3	1
I do n't want them to commit suicide or something haha	4	2
The difficulty lies in the fact that the confirmation system reads the counterparty 's name from Global Counterparty .	4	2
My understanding was that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC 's online profile in order for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC 's peak load periods .	18	2
The project brings together established research strengths in Spanish art history , experimental psychology , digital humanities , and museum studies to explore , using eye-tracking techniques , aesthetic reactions to digital representations of the individual Zurbarán artworks as well as the significance of the collection as a whole .	18	2
He cleared the table of the breakfast dishes , tossed the newspaper on the couch , went into the bathroom , showered , shaved , went on to the bedroom wrapped in two towels , opened the closet and picked out his clothes for the day .	25	2
Whether they pay me or not , if their parents get into an accident , stuck in traffic , etc. THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WAS N'T PAID .	15	3
I must say , I was impressed with the size of the bar area and lounge , & I liked that you could see the brewery right thru the glass !	9	2
I do not feel secure at all to see my SS in so many databases at Enron , especially when some databases are from third - parties ( out - sourcing ) .	28	2
Are they a chatterbox ?	4	1
I have to admit that I had serious misgivings during the first reading of the directive .	0	1
" They filed an emergency motion , and we were not about to let California go dark , '' Hoecker said .	3	1
Grammar schools varied in quality during the Elizabethan era , but grammar school curricula were largely similar , the basic Latin text was standardised by royal decree , and the school would have provided an intensive education in grammar based upon Latin classical authors .	11	4
It is hard to find ... and the mexican food is bland , almost equivalent to eating out of a can .	7	2
A previous cyclone in 1999 in the Bay of Bengal area of India left 10,000 people dead .	11	1
" The Berlin daily Der Tagesspiegel this week , " continued UPI , " quoted ' NATO intelligence sources ' who claimed that the NATO allies had been informed that the United States is currently investigating all possibilities of bringing the mullah - led regime into line , including military options .	40	2
The same applies to a whole series of other examples we can give .	11	2
On September 29 , Scientology officials went to the East Los Angeles sheriff 's station where they claimed Montalvo allegedly left the organization with computer hard drives .	4	6
The folder that contains the Access file , and any subfolders located in that folder .	8	2
Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else .	0	2
In a shady garden bed , simply scatter the seeds on the soil .	13	1
It was , in a curious way , an extension of what he was at the official receptions where many people had little idea who the white stranger was , sitting in a modest place of honour ;	36	3
These work only on a single line of sight , so you need to know the exact path the mice are taking .	21	3
Some activists and government officials get the relationship between strong IP protection and economic growth backwards , claiming that IP rights are an obstacle to development , and thus should not be enforced until after countries achieve high - income status .	25	6
I have a new born daughter and she helped me with a lot .	1	2
As it stands , MKM and I will probably bring it up with Sommer in OK City and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers .	6	1
Having enjoyed a career peak at home in Australia , Geyer returned to live in Los Angeles in 1984 to concentrate on breaking into the musical scene there .	21	1
You can specify the font and font size for text in a control .	0	2
And this is one of the oldest pieces of environmental legislation that we have in Europe .	10	6
Like UFOs or Sasquatch , several people claimed to see fleeting lone wolves , usually in Yellowstone .	17	1
Bangs said although the number of elk has not declined very much since the wolves came back , their behavior appears markedly different .	2	4
But if somebody wakes up one morning and suddenly no longer is funny , then yeah , head first , out the door as quickly as possible , and as sadistically as possible .	17	2
While the ominous possibilities of heightened Iraqi chaos , missiles in the Gulf , and Syrian involvement loom large if the US attacks Iran , all pale in comparison to the involvement of China in any US / Iran engagement .	20	2
I regret this since we are having to take action because others have not done their job .	14	2
L'Enfant was born in Paris , France on August 2 , 1754 , the third child and second son of Pierre L'Enfant ( 1704 – 1787 ) , a painter with a good reputation in the service of King Louis XV of France , ( 1710 - 1774 , reigned 1715 - 1774 ) , and Marie L'Enfant , the daughter of a minor official at court .	47	2
What are they killing killing killing over ?	3	4
This place is clean and well run with great people .	1	3
prime ribs have very good food but it s super expensive	9	3
The reports say she is suspected of having been a member of Al Qaeda 's " Chemical Wire Group . "	7	3
There was a small click and the door swung open .	9	2
He traveled to Florida to meet with Devocht , who had told Montalvo he would assist him with future employment and housing .	0	1
But , can you immigrate ?	3	2
Well done to Anthony and the team !	4	2
HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL URGENT ASSISTANCE - FROM USA	0	3
Should we find at any point that this is not the case , we will take the appropriate steps .	12	1
Pop , would go one of the eight-inch guns ; a small flame would dart and vanish , a little white smoke would disappear , a tiny projectile would give a feeble screech – and nothing happened .	3	1
The review is also investigating inflammatory Facebook posts from September , alleged to come from police officers in the northern Ontario city .	11	4
1 . I found the title to the 4 wheeler and I was going to change it over to you name .	2	1
Unfortunately , I ca n't forward your message to him directly ( there seems to be a problem with the attachment ) .	9	2
Then an engine man from the Balkans said , " In our village we nailed owls to the church door when we caught them . "	17	2
Substantive checks back to source contract documentation for the forward priced and unpriced positions report ( spot checking the key position report signed off by the traders )	7	2
I 've had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the background I did n't notice at first .	11	2
China 's overtures to join the U.S. - led effort to develop the 16 - nation international space station have been thwarted for more than a decade over a range of issues , including the Asian country 's human rights policies and worries it could acquire technologies that could pose a security threat .	29	3
I am following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for Pemex that you provided to Lucy Ortiz .	11	2
Starting in February , you will be able to export the data , as opposed to using the spreadsheets .	9	3
What power curve are we valuing the deal against - PJM East or West Hub ?	7	2
I would n't have mentioned the fellow to you at all , only it was from his lips that I first heard the name of the man who is so indissolubly connected with the memories of that time .	24	1
Al Qaeda 's regional operative , Hambali , who was at a key January 2000 meeting and supervised Sufaat , has been captured .	20	2
EVERYTHING IN HERE SEEMS TO AMAZE ME !!!	3	3
I used to tan down the street before I was referred to this place by one of my friends .	10	4
According to Professor S D Muni , South Asia expert at the Jawaharal Nehru University , the two - year peace talks between Colombo and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) are stalemated .	25	2
Do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to Hirsohima & Nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in Chernobyl .......	23	3
I had to ask the greeter , he explained his reasons with broken English .	5	4
It is a daily occurrence that the same people who finance , arm and dispatch suicide murderers , condemn the act in English in front of western TV cameras , talking to a world audience , which even partly believes them .	40	2
I 've had 2 cuts now from Georgia and have paid more in other salons / barbershops and have not received this kind of treatment or cut !	23	1
If you are located in London , Calgary , Toronto , Omaha , New York , Portland ( ENA ) or Houston , you can access the live event at http://home.enron.com/employeemeeting .	12	1
I have never had a problem with their hours because I always go during the mornings .	0	1
Wire cages are NOT acceptable for dwarfs really , unless the bars have less than half a cm between them .	0	2
Various private interests own the remaining land , totaling about one percent of the state .	5	5
On its journey across the Bay of Bengal the freighter was tracked by the Indian navy and Orissa - based spy planes of India 's Aviation Research Center ; it was intercepted by Indian naval vessels off Sri Lanka 's east coast .	22	1
Making Skittles vodka is a fun way to add a splash of fruity flavor and color to regular vodka .	12	3
It can also make him or her question your motives , leading the person to believe that you may be trying to get something out of him or her .	10	1
The last two nights I have dreamed of dogs in trouble .	5	2
In the white pages , however , he found the name .	2	3
You want to fly ? ”	1	2
Pack one room at a time if possible , and start with items that are least often used .	13	2
The Air Force only selected 180 Officers a year from the Academy , Squadron Officer School and ROTC to attend .	0	2
I believe that the Commission 's initial approach was wise , because the problem calls for countless exceptions to the general rule .	11	4
Why not just take your chances and do it your way ?	11	1
I believe we are to some extent already protected with " Enron " proceeded with anything , but EnronOnline ( TM ) , etc. just affords us more protection .	26	1
Apart from that in spite of my repeated attempts I could not get in touch with the manager to even lodge an official complaint .	17	4
Juan Cole ( www.juancole.com ) is a professor of modern Middle East history at the University of Michigan and author of " Sacred Space and Holy War " ( I.B. Tauris , 2002 ) .	1	2
William Clough took a pecking sip at his martini . He said with gallant good humour , Reposting was child 's play compared with this .	21	2
It is accompanied by the further reflection ( partly proud , mostly bitter ) that we Jews seem to have a genius for finding the heart of the crisis .	21	3
" In the first place he was too busy " , explains Saintsbury , " in the second he would not have been at home there ....	19	3
I was issued a new corporate American Express card .	7	4
Yes , I suppose I wo n't know my way around when I get into town .	7	2
For generic drugs at the end of a patent or other protection period are of course useful .	8	3
Never gives a receipt .	3	4
An old woman with crinkly grey hair woke up at her post outside the lavatory and opened the door , smiling and grasping a filthy cleaning rag .	9	1
This writer has for years regarded the best solution to the Kashmir problem as being the trifurcation of the Indian part of the state into a Hindu - majority Jammu , a Buddhist - dominated Ladakh and the overwhelmingly Muslim Kashmir Valley , with the third state given little of taxpayers ' money but substantial autonomy .	55	4
Most of the dinner guests agree that Russia 's internal difficulties are so grave it may have to draw away from Syria .	11	2
I like to imagine the thought processes going on in W 's head if he were to actually read the letter , but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter .	7	3
When you have a looming project that 's bogging you down and making you unproductive in other areas , tackle it first .	15	1
Within himself , however , it felt as though his stay had lasted three or four hours at most .	9	2
They do n't seem to know anything but the hype they are told and the packages they have available to them .	13	2
Steve .... proud Range Rover Sport owner ( with rear tints )	9	2
So it changes , so one year we got to be in the Press , but they have now stopped adult ads .	17	2
The children ( an excuse to dawdle , of course ) stopped and waved .	3	1
He says authorities are reacting slowly to his urgent calls for mandatory iodised salt .	10	2
I was later told they had been left at the warehouse and some future date they would be delivered .	5	2
Perhaps , we should start with just a 1 or 2 day contract where I give some thoughts to the kind of issues that we discussed and come to Houston to present my preliminary thoughts and possible avenues for additional work .	16	2
Dr. Fortier threw a large rock at the bear , distracting it and allowing Parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25 - year - old Patricia Doyon , who was in the same tent .	1	4
the Paddington rail crash in London , the terrible rail crash in Norway , the two aviation crashes involving EU citizens and the natural disaster involving the Erika off Brittany - all within the last four months - remind us that transport safety can never be taken for granted and that those charged with protecting the public must be highly motivated and highly qualified .	27	3
Important Kos Diary about bush 's response to the gathering storm of scandals :	12	4
There is NO such thing as a BTA .	4	3
Dear All ,	1	2
In spite of everything , it was impossible for Quinn not to feel glad of this .	1	3
Even though I live pretty far from her office I still make the trip so my daughters will have the BEST !	9	1
Reports from Port Blair make it evident that New Delhi gets little on - the - ground intelligence , and the Indian Coast Guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands .	15	1
We did not try the spa on the Mariner of the Seas .	0	1
Their report highlights one stark fact from the start :	4	3
The Andaman Sea is a major conduit for this traffic , and the 572 large and small islands that constitute the Andaman and Nicobar group are a natural transit base .	24	3
Bending backward represents : " I am ready to face all obstacles that may come . "	6	1
Typically , we receive both FX and inflation from you , but both curves may not always be used .	12	2
That was our reaction to all of the J-Lo stuff .	0	2
You can order appetizers rather than a full meal and have just as good a dinner .	4	3
The disembarking passengers were all strangers again , connected not with each other but to the mouthing , smiling faces and waving hands on the airport balcony .	17	1
In March 2003 , Mohammed reportedly said that Moussaoui was not going to be part of 9/11 but was to be part of a " second wave . "	7	2
The Wolfson Foundation of London has paid for the planting of gardens , and Arab kids are kicking a soccer ball in the green bottom of the valley .	28	1
This needs more discussion obviously : we chose public domain because the texts we use are public domain and we did n't want to add new restrictions , especially not non-commercial , since already our recordings are being used for a number of commercialish projects ( I ca n't recall any specific project names , but some pay-education sites use LV stuff ) .	33	4
It turns out one of the surest barometers of the warming climate is the response of the non-human natural world to changing conditions , and biologists who study the responses have been aware for some years the biosphere is acknowledging global warming .	14	4
I salute him for all he has done in this area .	8	1
I have been advised by our Construction Manager , Mr. Joe Osler that while he was visiting the City of Lake Worth Building Planning and Zoning dept regarding our permit status he learned that the pipefitters have inquired about permit requirements to picket our site .	38	3
are they just making these places up ?	6	1
Whatever you strive to do , something always seems to be holding you back .	5	1
Those currently listed as invitees are PUCT Commissioners and Ercot 's Sam Jones and Tom Noel .	2	3
I have faxed to you the form of Bond , our proposed Bond provisions and the EEI Master .	11	4
Molly Harris	1	3
' Oh , he will go far , very far , ' he began again .	8	2
How about a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday , July 7 at 11 AM EDT ?	4	2
He is in my room , but there are so many things inside there , I du n no what to do .	4	2
Cotton was born on October 31 , 1832 , in a village near Sunderland .	7	2
I had immense pain on a Sunday morning , with friends and family telling me that I would never find a Dentist on a Sunday .	24	3
Also encourage your recipients to forward this along to their contacts , and so on , so that the movement to help her grows exponentially .	21	2
Aside from the excellent transportation infrastructure that was completed in time for the 2004 Olympics ( from new freeways to light rail systems ) , the city 's historic center underwent serious renovation .	7	2
The Debaathification Commission had been pushed by Ahmad Chalabi and his Iraqi National Congress very hard , and had pushed many Sunni Arabs into the arms of the guerrillas .	6	1
not sure how much longer ene is going to be around and i 'm checking out my options !	18	1
'' Every morning and night , the kids , beginning as young as 1 and 2 , had to stand before a poster of Massoud and Maryam , salute them and shout praises to them , '' Nadereh Afshari , a former Mujahedeen deep - believer , told me .	0	1
It will give us some weekend reading !	6	4
The games have features like increasing challenges , rules that establish what can and can not be done , and involvement of the player in the quest to gain skills and win the game ( Kirriemuir & McFarlane , 2004 ; Prensky , 2005 ) .	0	2
Secular Arab nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the Palestinians , and those in post-Saddam Iraq are no exception .	12	3
I called it Character , walks and words .	1	3
The outward appearance makes you think this place is nice , but everything inside is cheap cheap cheap .	17	3
Force yourself to work productively for ten minutes , and then go back to whatever it was you were doing .	2	1
For a split second , Uncle Vernon stood framed in the doorway ; then he let out a bellow like an angry bull and dived at Harry , grabbing him by the ankle .	31	2
Let him go at his own pace , do n't rush with him , and never ever resort to physical violence with your bird .	20	4
The afternoon sessions will be devoted to the hands-on training of skills , following the Library Carpentry model as closely as possible .	17	3
This scar was the only hint of Harry 's very mysterious past , of the reason he had been left on the Dursleys doorstep eleven years before .	3	2
I just found out that I need to take the TX driver s exam both written and on the rode .	12	1
In 2010 , the foundation released a typeset edition of “ Zettel ’s Traum , ” removing the bar to entry for those who balked at the draft - like feel of the photo - offset .	27	3
I do n't like to write to him – with those messengers of ours you never know who may get hold of your letter – at that Central Station .	29	1
dead pixel of my photos ?	3	1
The rapporteur has pointed out to the House that in its common position the Council has accepted six of Parliament 's ten amendments put forward at first reading and that the substance of Parliament 's other amendments has been retained .	7	3
Good to hear from you and I 'm glad you 're available .	2	2
I am made to feel special when I am in the chair and I have NEVER had a less than amazing cut or color experience .	21	2
I sent my wife and daughter over to check out a pre-owned 2009 XF .	7	1
Its importance resides in two facts .	2	4
We have a Full Color Catalog and Wholesale Price List ready to mail to you today !	0	1
The term of office of one of the Judges of the Court of Justice appointed in accordance with paragraph 1 shall expire on 6 October 2009 .	18	5
Go to ATLANTIC WIRELESS !!	0	1
Institutional recipients , said Mauer , are required to exhibit their donated Warhol photographs every ten years as one stipulation .	19	6
and it will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places , i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go . :D	18	1
‘’ There is much better tactical cooperation between our forces on both sides of the border , but the movement of Taliban still goes on both ways , ’’ he adds .	6	6
I wonder how much use could be made of a radio classroom in country schools , whether it could n't help considerably to ease the shortage of teachers , here , and maintain some sort of standard where teachers are perhaps not very well qualified .	10	3
( 2 ) No one shall be held guilty of any penal offence on account of any act or omission which did not constitute a penal offence , under national or international law , at the time when it was committed .	19	4
We live in the sub-division around the corner and after it happened and we brought it up at some neighborhood gatherings we discovered that several people from this neighborhood alone had pets go to Dr. Mann for surgical procedures and came back dead .	34	2
" The Times ought to be stronger in politics than it is in literature , but who knows .	8	4
" I ca n't do that , we have n't enough for them , " she says .	6	1
The units may only work for a short time because mice can become used to them . [ 4 ]	1	3
Bush also nominated A. Noel Anketell Kramer for a 15 - year term as associate judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals , replacing John Montague Steadman .	29	1
In the past few days in Italy , several municipalities have started asking religious schools to pay taxes for property and local services , despite the resistance of the Catholic Church .	31	1
Noam Chomsky is a professor emeritus at Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Linguistics and Philosophy .	6	1
The history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it not only speaks to Bush 's character as an addictive personality , but may tell us something about his erratic and alarming actions as president .	6	3
On the other hand , Vine was art in six seconds .	8	1
The true absurdity of the entire situation is easily appreciated when we consider that George W. Bush never showed any bravery at all at any point in his life .	29	1
Mr President , Commissioner , the proposal presented by the Commission , in accordance with its mandate , is a reasonable starting point for the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .	11	1
The climate is so dry that these plains are sometimes thought of as part of the Sahara .	9	5
Can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am ( Houston ) which is 11 am ( Sao Paulo ) on Friday , Sept. 17 ?	4	3
In the developing world , too , the vast majority of people have started to experience sustained improvement in living standards and are rapidly developing similar growth expectations .	7	2
Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I 'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon .	18	2
But how can we compare these innovations with those like the laser , the transistor , the Turing machine , and the mapping of the human genome , each of which has led to a flood of transformative products ?	17	3
Atop Spring Mountain , from the decks of the West porch , " one can see forever " a scene of unparalleled beauty and grandeur .	16	4
In 1613 , Sir Henry Wotton recorded that Henry VIII " was set forth with many extraordinary circumstances of pomp and ceremony " .	20	2
Many people at Enron already have this type of chair , but we rarely , if ever , have a surplus because they are so popular .	19	1
When not in Texas , I lived in LA and San Francisco .	3	3
Finally , I should like to point out here the significance of a proposal put forward by our colleague Edouard des Places .	14	2
Some of the folks here would like to know .	8	2
The community center has dance , yoga , and other exercise classes , offers open gym hours for basketball or other recreation .	1	5
( 30 ) One of the main roles of harmonised standards should be to help manufacturers in applying the implementing measures adopted under this Directive .	23	2
STEP ONE : You do not need to re-type this entire letter to do your own posting .	17	1
I would much rather put it off until I can afford to have the vacation of a lifetime as I 'm sure this trip is intended to be .	10	3
Groups : alt.animals.rights.promotion , alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.lion , alt.animals.tiger , alt.animals.felines.diseases , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.horses.breeding , alt.animals.felines.snowleopards	19	1
I got dressed , but my page was quicker than I was and ran out of the chamber to see what was what .	18	1
The Alliance of Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Congo rebels captured Lubumbashi in April 1997 .	10	3
Wish they could see famous Harry Potter now , he thought savagely , as he spread manure on the flower beds , his back aching , sweat running down his face .	6	3
Since then , India has talked peace while always signaling that only the status quo would be acceptable as a final settlement : a line of action that is followed in the case of disputes with China as well .	30	1
Use dried snake feces .	4	1
The history is written with red ink .	5	2
But let s hope for their sake ( and the sake of all space lovers out there ) that they can redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again .	2	1
And I thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations , particularly in the context of something as serious as a US senatorial campaign , by talking about their drinking the night before .	38	1
I plan on going again .	1	2
Richard do you have any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in Texas or are you aware of any Enron has filed ??	6	3
We insist that no one , especially the state , is allowed to coerce people into marriage or bar two consenting adults , whether of the same or differing genders , from forming the family unit that lets them be more fully loving , thus more fully human .	22	1
The executives also received so - called " performance pay " for succeeding or surpassing expectations , sharing a pot of $ 1.5 million among them , or an estimated $ 15,000 each on average .	35	1
Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stops	26	3
I would much rather put it off until I can afford to have the vacation of a lifetime as I 'm sure this trip is intended to be .	12	2
However , a CSS is n't always a good choice because they are written in a specialized language which means that the developer has to use another language in order to write , modify , or understand the structure of the style sheet .	19	3
A recent example of weather control was China 's preparation for the 2008 Summer Olympic Games .	9	6
" I have to congratulate Andy -- to get to No. 1 in the world that 's an incredible achievement , " the American said .	4	6
I would like to invite you to come to a site where you can hear talking parakeets that are not just mimicking , but actually talking in sophisticated conversational language .	6	1
I am putting the credit worksheet on the fax machine to you as soon as I send this message .	9	4
I do n't like that option though - I think it 's pretty cruel and I'd not done properly you 'll end up really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop possible injury to your snake .	16	2
The Associate and Analyst Programs will be on the Penn , undergraduate campus interviewing summer Analyst interns next week .	19	1
Will you pass along to the appropriate person ?	1	2
After a good few minutes , he asked : " what do you want ? "	10	2
According to Le Figaro , this government plan could free up 42 million euros , of which 15.5 million would go towards security .	23	1
2 . I 'm getting ready to divy up the Dow stock .	8	1
Huge amounts of money , which could have solved many social problems in this dysfunctional part of the world , are channeled into three concentric spheres supporting death and murder .	13	2
Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to read her speech to you .	15	1
He was trained to a harness / leash for outside time but he knew to use the litter pan inside .	17	3
The sun 's rays and warmth are still with you , surrounding you .	8	2
The letter bombs were sent in connection with the detention of the blind sheik Abdel Rahman and those responsible for the earlier World Trade Center bombing in 1993 .	17	3
NEW YORK – Following a crescendo of terrifying violence , the Ukrainian uprising has had a surprisingly positive outcome .	16	6
He had made it to the third or fourth paragraph when the man turned slowly toward him , gave him a vicious stare , and jerked the paper out of view .	16	2
You 'll be able to use your 1 - 4 years of experience with Toxic Tort to complement your desire to stay with the firm .	14	3
it s a gift from my brother .	7	1
Rebecca Edwards had just told Neil Bayley that Felix Pasilis , the Pettigrews ' Greek friend , was furious with her because she 'd forgotten some essential herb that he wanted for his sheep ...	34	2
Make sure that you and your friend(s) all follow a systematic language system .	9	1
We must ask ourselves a fundamental question :	0	1
New Zealand begins process to consider changing national flag design	1	4
There still is a very hot pursuit of the " Atta - level " Floridian , Adnan El Shukrijumah , who Siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting .	27	2
The requirement to amend the operational process and OBSF IT code as a result of the current renegotiation of the OBSF with Barclays ( and AA ) .	25	1
Goodwyn dutifully notes that Baba Groom did n't remember George telling drunk stories .	7	2
Sorry about the flooding .	4	1
Canadian passports must be valid for at least one month beyond the date of expected departure ( [ 2 ] ) .	13	1
Mr President , I should like to start by offering my sincere thanks to Mr Martin .	12	3
I have a Norwegian Forest Cat that is named Achilles bc as a kitten he always attacked your feet when you walked by !	14	1
Also , can you confirm the correct names , email addresses , titles for those new folks on Friday 's call : Robbie Rossi , Michelle , Melissa Lloyd ?	8	1
Or was Mr Eichelberger simply an executive with a client to please and a job to do a pure professional ?	1	2
The italicised phrase parodying the line " Oh , tiger 's heart wrapped in a woman 's hide " from Shakespeare 's Henry VI , Part 3 , along with the pun " Shake - Scene " , identifies Shakespeare as Greene 's target .	24	1
We would n't want those terrorists to run out of shit to shoot at us .	11	1
Compare to last decade this University is gaining more prestige in International level	4	2
can anybody tell me if the metro runs directly from CDG to montparnasse ?	4	1
So you want to flirt with a guy or gal on MSN , AIM , Facebook Chat , or any other instant messaging service and you do n't want to look like a creep ?	12	1
The term Nexus is applied to sentences , structures similar to sentences and sentences in formation , in which two concepts are expressed in one unit ; e.g. , it rained , he ran indoors .	13	5
It is a cloth napkin kind of place , but I thought well worth it .	13	3
Well , they 've been clamouring away , of course , but he 's refused to touch the army .	18	2
Not everyone can rise above it .	1	4
As a result , your finances improve - and your newfound confidence could attract new love into your life .	15	2
Currently , the US is facing an asymmetrical attack from groups wielding small arms , shoulder - fired grenades and roadside bombs .	4	1
It would be , he said , without taking notice of my irritation , ' interesting for science to watch the mental changes of individuals , on the spot , but ...	15	6
0 - Number of principal civilian or Pentagon staff members who planned the war who have immediate family members serving in uniform in Iraq .	22	1
Flip the switch and adjust your laser sight according to the directions in the owner manual that comes with the laser sight .	8	5
i v owned beardies for ovr 3 yrs and i handle mine all the time .. they do nt go hard lik eneedle hard but they ar nt pillow soft .	5	2
In the remarkable transformation of Central Europe 's economies in the 1990 ' s , management expertise and market access resulted from massive investments by German and other EU - based companies , which integrated local producers into their global value chains .	1	2
This entity is not in TIS , SAP , nor Hyperion .	2	1
Balzac transferred this to his descriptions of the Pension Vauquer in Le Père Goriot , making the wallpaper speak of the identities of those living inside .	21	5
Another tray came out under the trees , this time with whisky and gin .	3	2
He had been there almost an hour , and the time was approaching for his call to Virginia Stillman .	7	1
Human rights are below any reasonable standard , in spite of the grotesque fact that Libya was elected Chair of the UN Human Rights commission .	25	1
All of this must be done - I repeat - with the participation of private business , which , by uniting its efforts with those of public administrations , but complementing them , never obstructing or excluding them , will lead to the creation of wealth in society and of jobs .	31	2
I doubt he will be extradited to Venezuela , which is the only way that question could be answered with a Yes .	16	3
Ubisoft , Microsoft , and PlayStation VR all had large areas set up for attendees to try their latest games .	13	2
Balzac 's vision of a society in which class , money and personal ambition are the major players has been endorsed by critics of both left-wing and right-wing political tendencies .	25	5
After complaining on September 10th to National Home Furnishings , Boyles , the Hickory Furniture Mart and Home Delivery Service the latter finally called me back and said they would be up to pick the dresser and chest of drawers at some future point and at some later point it would be professional repaired and at some later point it would be returned .	36	2
Housing estates overrun villages all over England , but here the process had been reversed ; the house had once been a manor ( Olivia thought that , even earlier , it had been a priory ) but in the nineteenth century the village was depopulated by the drift to industrialized towns , lost its autonomy , and died ; the shop-cum-post-office had closed , the cottages had fallen down ;	9	2
Claudio De Vincenti , undersecretary to the prime minister , said " a discussion table will be opened with the non-profit associations , religious association included " ( ( it ) ) .	30	1
Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .	0	2
They must also get something to keep take - out warm , so it 's not room temperature at best when you get it home .	15	2
The good news is that all of this is temporary , because the evolution of international law has always adapted itself to reality .	5	2
Each handle of vodka ( 1.75 liters , about a half gallon ) requires a large bag worth of Skittles , so if you plan on doing only one flavor for a flavorful vodka , you 'll have to buy 5 large bags of Skittles .	37	2
Then , of course , there is the evidence the jury did not hear about in the Robinson case ...	5	3
The mangers also play a classic movies on Sundays , you can get a beer in the lobby , and repeat customers can get discounts if they have a member card .	2	2
In the midst of a foreign - capital bonanza , stagnant levels of private investment in tradable goods are a particularly powerful danger signal that no amount of government mythmaking should be allowed to override .	29	5
Although the city was not destroyed in the aftermath , the material losses were serious as the machinery , raw materials and finished goods were taken away by the fleeing Nazis .	7	2
“ We face a lot of competition , and we think transit can help , ” said Joe Sternlieb , president of the Georgetown BID .	23	5
As stated , the decision is the prerogative of the ECB and would appear inappropriate for the Bank to speak on its behalf by excluding the possibility of looking at other alternatives .	32	1
Women 's rain coat ... where can I find one ?	9	2
I see we expect to have separate contracts for each project .	0	1
Finally , after much debate , they concluded that my murder was too dangerous .	0	4
You can filter fields in the row , column , and detail areas .	7	1
By flooding himself with externals , by drowning himself out of himself , he had managed to exert some small degree of control over his fits of despair .	10	1
On the other hand , the US should strong - arm India and Pakistan into a final settlement of the Kashmir issue .	17	5
The islands are located at the Indo - Australian Fault ; the Fault arose due to the collision of the Indian and Australian plates .	2	2
He became a Christian at a young age , when he responded to the altar call at his church " to accept Christ as my Saviour . "	11	5
Last thing , send me a million dollars , I 'm tired of working .	12	1
Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates .	16	3
Then , when we moved out , we cleaned the apartment top to bottom , they came back and tried to charge us for two cleaning fees ( and we never got our deposit back ) and past utilities ( that were already paid , we have check numbers and records of this ) .	1	1
For example , if you invented the word ' China ' as ' Khinssa ' , ' Drink ' as ' Bever ' , and the word ' Accident ' as ' Casnondelibreaten ' , why not make the word ' tea ' as ' Khincasnonbever ' or ' Bevernondelibreatekin ' or even ' Khinssacasnondelibreatenibever ' !	8	1
There was a moment in the stadium at the actual Independence ceremony when he heard it on the perimeter of the sky just as Kenyatta began to speak , and he and Vivien Bayley , the young wife of the registrar of the new university , sitting beside him , collided glances of alert apprehension ...	2	1
If so , then does that mean that if you watched a scary movie and your dog / cat / parrot was in the same room as you they will also get scared ?	19	1
There was lax control over the distribution of the Ames strain that was used , especially in light of the fact that transfers were not even required to be recorded prior to 1997 .	33	1
Newsweek reported that a " second wave " involving biological attacks had been thwarted upon the arrest of Al Qaeda members who had been intended to provide logistical support .	8	5
He worked on the news and current affairs side of radio and TV for decades .	10	3
China is seeking the construction of a pipeline from Iran to the Caspian Sea , where it would link with another planned pipeline running from Kazakhstan to China .	22	4
He was wounded at the Siege of Savannah on October 9 , 1779 .	0	1
If I had to take over the English-language services tomorrow , you know what I 'd have to do it with a bunch of Lambala and speakers from the vernacular sections and some refugee school-teachers from South Africa .	0	1
The Only Catch Is That You HAVE To Have An Income ABOVE $ 21,000 ...... And ...... You HAVE To Follow The Easy Instructions Provided To You .	14	3
Captured by the Vikings 866 , the city quickly took on a new identity as Jorvik ( pronounced " Yor-vik " ) and experienced a major urban revival as a centre of Viking trade and settlement in northern England .	3	4
What culinary dishes would you recommend that go well with the Santorum cocktail ?	9	2
I was gon na have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having Having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places I know are denny 's and ihop .	11	1
Dr. Fortier threw a large rock at the bear , distracting it and allowing Parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25 - year - old Patricia Doyon , who was in the same tent .	30	2
Please confidentially share matters as you think best and advise me of the interest generated .	6	3
Disney won another Honorary Academy Award , which consisted of one full - sized and seven miniature Oscar statuettes .	0	3
Place your hands one on top of the other in your lap , keep your back straight , eyes closed and tongue on the roof of your mouth .	2	3
What manner of maniac would undertake such a dangerous course ?	9	3
It may be easier to play without brooms ( but also less fun ! ) .	4	1
Mrs. Arafat , who lives in Paris with her daughter , receives tens of thousands of dollars per month from the allegedly bankrupt Palestinian Authority , while a typical local ringleader of the Al - Aksa brigade , reporting to Arafat , receives only a cash payment of a couple of hundred dollars , for performing murders at the retail level .	44	1
The oldest known historical reference to the city is to be found on an inscription of conquered sites at Thutmose 's temple at Karnak .	11	3
You ll find world-class museums and cultural events , professional sports and amusement parks , and the most golf courses per capita in the United States .	25	3
He was a young man , lean , fair , and morose , with lanky hair and a shuffling gait .	20	1
Pictures in a form or report are converted to bitmaps and placed in a folder named " Images " .	18	1
" One of the major , most well - documented and robust findings in ecology over the past century has been the crucial role of climate in determining the geographical distribution of species and ecological communities , " concluded a report titled " Observed Impacts of Global Climate Change in the United States , " released by the Pew Center on Global Climate last week .	49	1
Hopefully they will work for you .	4	2
It 's a move that really worries me ; Buffett 's usual justification for keeping most of his money was that he was still compounding the value of his fortune at a pretty high rate , so any gifts now would mean significantly less money for the foundation later .	37	2
This I would have read without flinching in Chicago but in Jerusalem I flinched and put the book down .	16	2
I look forward to seeing you all there .	5	2
Also , I purchased some furniture last year and all has been great !	11	2
I adopted a 3.5 month old yellow lab last winter from the Dumb Friends League .	5	2
The Caribbean Sea had been unknown to the populations of Eurasia until 1492 , when Christopher Columbus first sailed into Caribbean waters on a quest to find a sea route to Asia .	26	2
Directive 96/96/EC established the principle that commercial road vehicles must undergo an annual roadworthiness test at an approved testing centre .	6	5
My neighbourhood has been surrounded by American troops for three days now , helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop .	18	2
Rates ca n't go up w/out declaring the rate freeze over in some fashion --- trying to finesse it .	9	3
Like HTML , XML makes use of tags and attributes , but while HTML specifies what each tag and attribute means ( and thus how the data between them will look in a browser ) , XML uses the tags only to delimit pieces of data , and leaves the interpretation of the data completely to the application that reads it .	56	2
You may be able to do better on the rates if you request competitive quotes via CruiseCompete ) .	4	1
prepared the road test with a driving ... prepared the road test with a driving school in edmonton , but my instructor only trained me in a narrow street , hence I took one 90 minute lesson from the Noble driving school to learn the skill of changing lane , and found them very friendly and professional .	21	5
anyways , the mezza luna : you should try it .	9	1
The warm chocolate cake was very tasty , but served at room temperature , not warm by any stretch of the imagination .	20	2
In a limited economic sense , therefore , the organization can argue warming might be a good thing .	4	3
I work 2 hours away but offered my card over the phone .	9	2
actually i have an project on it so please give me as much as you have information about migratory birds in punjab	21	3
Good Lord , I 'd like to see him again !	3	1
Christ , you 'd think America would get a bit tired of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing but gullible idiots .	24	3
Members of the Sea Org live a strict lifestyle – with little income , small diet provided and significant time invested in work per day .	17	2
One of their many grieving Facebook posts has a line which would have delighted Chris : “ More African than you , I have not known . ”	6	3
It is Enpower No. 295870 .	3	2
The apostrophe has a special purpose in an XML document and can be misinterpreted if used directly in the text .	18	2
MAD means crazy , or angry , so you do a lot with it , i would put a gorrilla screaming , just the face , and just throw in a lot of brushes fifferent colors , make it look artistic .	21	1
Get masking tape or packing tape and tape screws and other little things that came out of something back against it .	1	4
Both of these men are heavily involved in the private sector of the space industry , and both are also involved with another space company called SPACEHAB .	14	4
Please let me know how your organization can help the Enron employees feel safer about the safeguard of their SS number .	11	5
I get Microdermabrasions regularly and I love the environment	4	2
You have many names to choose from .	4	1
" We take document security seriously , " she said , but refused to give any more details about how the papers came to be on a road .	2	2
No matter what state I am in when I arrive , I always leave feeling better .	1	3
Finally a convenient place close to home .	6	2
The total for performance pay and bonus that year was $ 1.5 million , about the same level as for 2015 - 2016 .	18	1
The present evidence relating to Atta 's alleged travel to Prague does not warrant a conclusion that Al Qaeda obtained the Ames strain from Iraq .	20	2
Occasionally he would bump into someone and mumble an apology .	3	2
Me and my family are moving into a new house just outside a small town .	2	1
A work that constitutes a Collective Work will not be considered a Derivative Work ( as defined below ) for the purposes of this License .	9	1
Vivien Bayley , queenly at twenty-six , with her beautiful , well-mannered , disciplined face , came to hover beside Bray between responsible permutations about the room to make sure that this young girl was not being bothered too much by the attentions of someone older and rather drunk , or that young man was not being overlooked by the girls who ought to be taking notice of him .	13	6
Just to let you all know Matt has confirmed the booking for 3rd Dec i s OK .	6	2
Using the Virtual Microscope volunteers can search over the collector for the tracks of the interstellar dust particles .	11	2
Continuing vigilance is needed in order to maintain and build on the results currently achieved in the fight against euro counterfeiting .	5	3
Travel agencies may often offer cheaper and quicker services though .	9	3
There was a moment in the stadium at the actual Independence ceremony when he heard it on the perimeter of the sky just as Kenyatta began to speak , and he and Vivien Bayley , the young wife of the registrar of the new university , sitting beside him , collided glances of alert apprehension ...	53	3
Yes She is having physical theraphy 3 times a week .	0	2
Now that Oxitec has conducted promising field trials in the Cayman Islands , Malaysia , and Brazil , it is preparing to conduct trials in other countries , including the United States .	8	1
These leaps and bounds forward include love and creativity .	3	3
The telephony group has the new TW Hotline number and extensions ready for use , I have the solution center entering the greetings and Terry Kowalke has a new form and procedure for the Customer Service Reps. to use for updates .	32	2
Yes things like philosophy and fashion design are interesting , but how many jobs are out there for someone with these qualifications ?	2	2
Even after the attacks on September 11 , Bush was obsessing about Iraq .	10	5
Oh but you should , Mrs. Wentz said , almost dreaming .	9	3
Properly-fitted ballet shoes should be snug , but not so tight they cut off blood flow and create numbness in the feet .	18	4
Link to video : http://www.livevideo.com/video/C8F5BBEC570C4A4DBC326F694D79942A/courage-the-cowardly-dog-so-.aspx	4	6
Cinnamon basil really does smell like the sweet spice , and it also has unusually beautiful and fragrant flowers .	18	4
her long curly hair had sprung out , diademed with raindrops , because she had done her marshmallow toasting outside over the spit fire .	1	2
" Perhaps the author most affected by Balzac was American expatriate novelist Henry James .	10	5
The last three years of the Iraq occupation , however , have sapped this confidence .	1	2
For more details : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news	0	2
Two Australians , who by their own admission are terrible golfers , bluffed their way into a premier golf tournament in North Korea .	10	4
So , no it is not as good as Dubai , but it s quieter and more peaceful , and you can still go to Dubai in 45 mins .	23	1
Like Iran , Syria 's military is nothing to scoff at .	4	1
The winters are considered to be very mild .	4	1
In order to design this curriculum we follow a four step approach with a Working Out Loud - principle ( Williams , 2010 ) :	16	2
I also deleted " subject to recall " based on our discussion , assuming you get approval for that revision .	19	4
And although there is a great deal of vehicle traffic to and from the George Washington Bridge , which connects Fort Lee with Manhattan , one of the largest perks of this town is the walking access to many restaurants , convenience stores and mass transit , in the form of buses and vans that frequently run across the bridge and up and down major streets .	28	4
I called and asked about the price for hair updo and the receptionist or owner who aswered the phone refused to tell me , or even just give me an approximate price range .	8	2
I would do the tupperwear idea TBH - easiest and most humane .	2	1
China wanted an overland route through its own territory , which would give it ultimate control if hostilities broke out .	19	2
But before you fight and win , by force or otherwise , you have to realize that you are in a war , and this may take Europe a few more years .	8	3
then , he can have a place to retreat to when he feels scared .	11	1
My page jumped out of bed as if crazed , looking more dead than alive , and you can imagine how I felt when he cried , “ They 're already being presented to the king ! "	29	2
This needs more discussion obviously : we chose public domain because the texts we use are public domain and we did n't want to add new restrictions , especially not non-commercial , since already our recordings are being used for a number of commercialish projects ( I ca n't recall any specific project names , but some pay-education sites use LV stuff ) .	51	4
After 1610 , Shakespeare wrote fewer plays , and none are attributed to him after 1613 .	0	3
Any news on Aunt Toni ?	0	2
One of them , a stout , excitable chap with black mustaches , informed me with great volubility and many digressions , as soon as I told him who I was , that my steamer was at the bottom of the river .	24	1
you are not just moving house - your cat is losing his territory .	13	1
You can change property settings for a group of controls of the same type or for a group of controls of different types .	17	3
I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $ 65 puts are in the money and the $ 75 call is also in the money .	16	1
It is good that this Directive should be established now , as , otherwise , member states would have to amend their national acts for a very short time , a period of transition , which would again mean unnecessary costs and which would once more increase concern with regard to EU bureaucracy .	43	3
Only if it is of the quality of That 's Amore .	7	1
In the summer , Georges and his wife returned to Switzerland , accompanied by Rosane , an 18 year old who was the daughter of one of Germaine 's friends .	26	1
We are renewing our L/C's on a month to month basis for the PX per Sanders .	9	3
Bray repeated what had been said to him at the airport that morning – that some of the white people still living in the capital would be more at home down South , in Rhodesia or South Africa .	24	4
Just to let you all know Matt has confirmed the booking for 3rd Dec i s OK .	4	2
Today is my last day in the office here at Azurix , and in the coming months , I will start in a new position as SVP in the LNG development group at El Paso Energy .	1	1
And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka .	11	1
Microsoft Access provides ways to both import and export XML data as well as transform the data to and from other formats using XML related files .	5	2
Ok maybe that is n't the right question , but my question is can you text from a united states number when you r in canada , can you send texts to another united states number ?	13	2
Filter settings are retained when you move fields to change the layout .	2	2
I do n't think they ban if the tats are n't offensive and you should make them not noticeable at the time of the interview but once you got the job there nothing they can really say if so you have a sue / case against them	25	2
I will be traveling in this area in the future and you can be assured that this experience will be helpful in my choice of hotels and Novotel will be my first selection .	29	1
Le Cousin Pons ( 1847 ) and La Cousine Bette ( 1848 ) tell the story of Les Parents Pauvres ( The Poor Relations ) .	16	1
These include space for dances and music , bar facility , gambling facilities for the elder , spaciously made open area aboard and many such nice facilities .	9	4
At that time there were many blank spaces on the earth , and when I saw one that looked particularly inviting on a map ( but they all look that ) I would put my finger on it and say , ' When I grow up I will go there . '	32	3
Even for those who later abstain , " visual - spatial abilities , abstraction , problem solving , and short - term memory , are the slowest to recover . "	17	1
Just treat everyone else as you would want to be treated , and you 'll be fine .	6	3
The woman was thirty , perhaps thirty-five ; average height at best ; hips a touch wide , or else voluptuous , depending on your point of view ; dark hair , dark eyes , and a look in those eyes that was at once self-contained and vaguely seductive .	32	2
If your washing machine is worth its salt , it will undo those straps in a heartbeat and tie them in a sheet bend unless you prevent it .	24	3
I would like to informally get together with you on Wednesday , July 18 at 11:45 am - 1:00 pm ( max ) to talk about your recruiting experience with Enron Canada .	23	1
And I was relieved when Nicki called to let me know she was home safe .	0	2
Not only is the army facing serious political fallout , growing anti-Americanism and anti-army feeling in the tribal areas but it is also taking heavy casualties - between 400 - 500 Pakistani soldiers have been killed in the region since March .	41	1
For fifteen years the Soviet Union has been supporting the Arabs against Israel in the Middle East and all they have to show for it is the humiliation of their proteges and the capture and destruction of their equipment by Israel .	5	3
We met a couple of weeks later , Ted was late .	10	2
i also think the National Endowment for the Arts is a waste , but i guess i would rather see my money go to the NEA than NASA .	0	1
Additionally , when there was confusion ( my fault ) , they left me flowers along with a personalized gift .	19	2
Because when we jam things in the bottom of that pyramid that shouldn't be there , some very frightening things happen .	14	3
– ' you must , ' he said in agitation , ' go and see the general manager at once .	4	1
The armies of the dead in all directions , interminable .	1	3
Of the metal music farce , Ministry has definately made in - road into ' Loose Change " - " Alex Jones " territory with their new record , Rio Grande Blood .	26	2
Canadians are the exception , getting 90 days on arrival and can apply for a 90 day extension .	13	2
They have been extremely helpful whenever I have asked for help .	2	2
Name something you find at a carnival that comes on a stick ?	7	2
The 2.6 -% margin of fluctuation is nothing new ; it already exists within the present system and is already being applied .	3	3
That makes sense because the viability of infrastructure investments obviously depends on competitive revenue-raising services and competitive services clearly need quality infrastructure .	22	1
However if there is a high level of sodium chloride ( common salt ) that can break down the chorion ( shell ) around the egg and allow critters to get in and eat the yoke and embryo . )	21	3
- The programme should continue for a further 4 years at least with the same budget ( 1 million euro per year ) and with the same measures and target groups .	17	1
Mrs. Indira Gandhi arrives this afternoon and yesterday it was United Nations and Sekou Toure .	0	2
You know I am not used to such ceremonies , and there was something ominous in the atmosphere .	11	3
An example would be ' ant ' for and or ' es ' or even ' loo ' for the word ' and ' .	1	4
Neither was this day less fortunate to his father Philip ; for on the same day he took Potidea ; >> - JOHN AUBREY , F.R.S.	11	2
I could n't help asking him once what he meant by coming there at all .	0	1
Portrait shot of Dennis Hopper , famous for his role in the 1969 film Easy Rider , amongst the Warhol Polaroids donated to USI by the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts .	33	1
If I threw him against a wall and still conscious he will run away , do I hang him by the tail so the blood can flush into his skull ?	29	3
long lines on the weekends but worth it	3	2
On the means of delivery , I am not sure from your note whether or not I fully understand the intent .	21	1
I tried two years ago to initiate a pilot scheme to send local people away for training in broadcasting techniques –	12	3
Also that , I heard in the next few years Fujairah would be as good as Dubai , is it true ?	11	3
The poetry depends on extended , sometimes elaborate metaphors and conceits , and the language is often rhetorical — written for actors to declaim rather than speak .	5	1
Even if you do not have a cat , you can use used kitty litter to deter mice .	10	2
One of my most cherished dualities is the understanding that we are both autonomous individuals with the power to shape our personal destinies and at the same time we are all one , that there is no separation between you and I , we are all together in this thing called life , we human beings , the birds and the tress , the rocks and the sky , all of it .	39	2
Two plays not included in the First Folio , The Two Noble Kinsmen and Pericles , Prince of Tyre , are now accepted as part of the canon , with scholars agreed that Shakespeare made a major contribution to their composition .	20	2
My Group will therefore support the common position and looks forward to the enactment of the legislation which will provide us with yet another tool in our fight to make transport in the European Union as safe as possible .	1	3
I might also add a few items about international developments and the EEI physical power trading form .	2	2
Climate change is one of the priorities of the Sixth Community Environment Action Programme , laid down by Decision No 1600 / 2002 / EC of the European Parliament and of the Council [ 3 ] .	36	1
NEXT , THERE SHOULD ONLY BE ONE PERSON BRINGING YOU YOUR FOOD .	7	3
I LIVE THERE !	0	1
Dessert was ... hmmm , that 's interesting , I do n't even remember dessert .	6	1
After a series of economic setbacks , health problems , and prohibitions from the Tsar , the couple were finally able to wed .	13	2
Prior to Emperor Meiji , the names of the eras were changed more frequently , and the posthumous names of the Emperors were chosen in a different manner .	2	4
I 'm still trying to find out what it will take to move gas on and ENA tabs agreement .	12	2
Food is often expired so check the dates every time !	2	3
I hate to say check them out just for the salsa , but James , I NEED another jar badly :) All kidding aside , they are a very good company , I have a hard time giving any service biz a 5 star review but they came close .	42	1
I 'm inclined to say that google is doing what they can to both shape and support the growth of the most popular non-Microsoft browser out there - by taking on the leading lights in Firefox development , they 're ensuring the continued life of the project , and ensuring ( not that I think they need to ) that their voice will be heard admidst the higher echelons of the firefox development team .	62	2
http://www.thekcrachannel.com/news/4503872/detail.html	0	6
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy this message or disclose its contents to anyone .	31	1
Her mother Ismat last saw Aafia and her grandchildren before they left in a minicab at the end of March .	15	1
George Harrison said in a video that " Oasis is a very untalented band and they should n't be playing at all " , all of it being the truth , but the Beatles is also a band of very poor musicians , if musicians at all , who could only play a couple of elementary guitar chords and who are as untalented as Oasis .	60	2
The long awaited relief you 've needed in your love life is around the corner , and by the end of the year you will feel much clearer about your partnerships in general .	18	2
You can switch the inner and outer fields .	0	2
Andre is going to look over the list of curves needed for the global assets ( August Board meeting ) one more time before I forward it to you .	0	3
USI 's art gallery , like 189 other educational galleries and museums around the country , is a recipient of a major Warhol donor program , and this program is cultivating new interest in Warhol 's photographic legacy .	18	5
Not only did Bush not know who General Pervez Musharraf was , he seems to have confused coup - making with " taking office , " and moreover went on to suggest that the overthrow of an elected prime minister and the installation in power of the Pakistan military , then the world 's strongest supporter of the Taliban , would bring " stability ! "	20	2
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task ; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business .	1	1
It was a little too early for the doctor , so I proposed a drink , and thereupon he developed a vein of joviality . As we sat over our vermouths he glorified the Company 's business , and by-and-by I expressed casually my surprise at him not going out there .	18	1
Pewter is perfect for what you are doing , and it melts on a stove top .	9	2
For instance , if the person has a band-related username , you might say : " Hey , cool name . Did you see those guys when they last came to town ? "	11	2
For example , did you know that George Bush spent considerably more time in uniform than John Kerry ?	17	3
Amazon has become the fourth American company with the largest market capitalisation , surpassing ExxonMobil .	8	2
He then rose and wrote for many hours , fueled by innumerable cups of black coffee .	6	2
Everyone was so friendly and really went out of their way to make sure everything went well .	6	2
3 . License Grant .	3	3
Called the Bonanza store 2 weeks ago , before I ripped out 350 sq ft of ceramic tile ... was told I would need a " dual head concrete grinder " to remove thinset and make a nice " finished " look ( ready for concrete stain ) .	18	2
Dependant = NASA & Company to use " space station " model to unify the aims of different countries .	4	4
He heard Dando , forced by the old Labrador into the garden , walking about outside the guest hut and talking reproachfully to the dog ;	19	2
Occasionally , after poring over an object in this way , Stillman would toss it back onto the sidewalk . But more often than not he would open his bag and lay the object gently inside it .	34	3
I flew around like mad to get ready , and before forty-eight hours I was crossing the Channel to show myself to my employers , and sign the contract .	28	4
The occupation of Iraq has become a guerrilla war , a siege that has lasted more than a thousand days .	7	5
Tina Anselmi was born on the 25th of March , 1927 in Castelfranco Veneto ; she grew up in an anti-fascist Catholic family , which was marked by the persecution of her militant socialist father .	6	2
The XML protocol is a set of rules , guidelines , and conventions for designing data formats and structures , in a way that produces files that are easy to generate and easily read by different computers and applications .	22	2
Critic W. H. Helm calls one " the French Dickens " and the other " the English Balzac " .	18	1
the future of ozone pollution is very different [...] leading to either offsetting or reinforcing effects [ of climate change ] on crops " .	23	1
He and Olivia gardened on summer evenings , not seriously , as she did during the day , but desultorily pulling out a tall rank weed here or there , for the pleasure of feeling its roots yield from the humus and bring up , in the crumbs clinging to that beard grown underground , a smell of earth rich as fruit-cake .	4	1
It actually needs to be relatively waterproof - the last one I bought had me soaked in anything more than light / moderate rain .	0	1
Extensible Markup Language ( XML ) is the standard language for describing and delivering data on the Web , just as Hypertext Markup Language ( HTML ) is the standard language for creating and displaying Web pages .	16	2
How else can excellent be described for a business of this sort ?	11	2
Here is the stocking for my 150 gallon tank i upgraded it to 200 at the weekend because of the clownloach A 200 gallon with 6 pairs of Breeding Angel fish fire mouth honey Gouramis 5 8 inch clownloach a Krib and 5 1 inch clown loach with 16 cory cats 5 Australian Rainbows	12	1
Farrell Electric is a very good electrical contractor .	0	4
For example , if the chart summarizes sales revenue , and the source data also includes sales quantities , you might add the Quantity field as a data field to summarize both revenue and quantity of products sold .	22	2
Personally I do n't give a damn what adults do to one another as long as there is no abuse invovled .	4	2
It is my understanding , from good sources in the Gov s office that the Gov will order Loretta Lynch to expeditiously implement the provision to suspend all parties auhtority to enter into direct access contracts .	11	1
His last three plays were collaborations , probably with John Fletcher , who succeeded him as the house playwright for the King 's Men .	5	6
Bogd Khaan said that both Mongolia and China had been administered by the Manchu during the Qing , and after the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911 , the contract of Mongolian submission to the Manchu had become invalid .	22	1
The nearest airports to Fort Lee are Newark Airport , LaGuardia Airport , Teterboro ( general aviation only ) , JFK and Westchester County Airport .	15	4
During the preliminary interrogation , Lone ' confessed ' his involvement in the blasts and gave several vital clues .	2	6
iw ould just stick him in the tank and let your snake have a nice hunt for once , snakes jaws detach for this sort of this thing , so why not give her a good hunt , but if you do want him knock him i d just throw him against the wall or something ,, lol i do nt know , i agree with you though throw him , haha	71	2
Our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the LC transferable .	13	1
We know that he had once been married , had once been a father , and that both his wife and son were now dead .	14	1
In the past , he has talked in apocalyptic terms about a violent end to the world , according to former members .	4	1
Know that there are pros and cons to laser sights before you mount them on your wang .	9	3
With these in hand , we will design the curriculum of clinics , based on the method of ' constructive alignment ' ( Biggs et al. , 2011 ) , to make sure that the intended learning objectives and the teaching / learning activities stay aligned .	28	1
He had told me that he found indescribable delight in reading dictionaries for lack of other books .	7	6
As first - time home buyers , my husband and I found Stephanie Fairchild at Prudential Steamboat Realty , extremely helpful .	8	4
Orders and / or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and / or instructions .	2	1
There are a lot of genetics at play between a Sussex and Silkie , so the offspring would vary in appearance .	11	2
The total number of scientific publications of 300 million Arabs is less than that of 6 million Israelis .	10	1
The forecast is for a continued decline in strength to a tropical storm within 24 hours and a tropical depression within 36 hours .	17	1
You 're not going to finish ?	4	1
He had wanted to take in the details of what he was seeing , but the task was somehow beyond him at that moment .	15	2
You can specify the font and font size for text in a control .	7	2
Production of the smartphone model was completely discontinued .	8	1
Andreas Bechtolsheim built a microcomputer ; Vinod Khosla recruited him and Scott McNealy to manufacture computers based on it , and Bill Joy to develop a UNIX - based OS for the computer .	3	1
The target for NASA & Company probably to get by 2018 all the ambitious space program countries shifting towards this model , through the propaganda of another moon mission ; deliberately failing this or trying hard for another moon landing hoax ; achieving the real aim of space unity between space programs of other countries .	21	1
So we now have three grandsons and three granddaughters ranging from about 2 years - 4 months down to a few days .	13	3
Wikinews reporters attended the opening and spoke to donors , exhibit organizers and patrons .	8	3
The first set of issues includes slow - burn problems involving externalities , the leading example being environmental degradation .	9	4
I suggest Mr Evans goes back and reads the Regulation .	7	3
I read somewhere that you have to hold his mouth together , and keep it that way til he panics .	5	2
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair ( she only wanted one , however ) .	19	1
extend , and if you want to end it , you just say bye ,	3	1
Madam President , in the earlier vote - and I will abide by your ruling on this matter - on the question of the strategic plan of the Commission I indicated that I would like to speak in advance of the vote on behalf of my Group .	2	1
I would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure I have of unexercised vested options .	1	3
It is heartening that the European Union recognises the problems and is willing to focus on them .	13	1
I have a friend that has to get rid of one of her cats because of allergies , he is the youngest at 3 years old black , long hair , incredibly friendly .	0	1
We are run as a Hybrid Organization - a for-profit company focused on achieving a social good .	16	2
In 1594 PEREZ wrote & published a book under the assumed name of " RAPHAEL PEREGRINO . "	6	1
You can resize a control by using the sizing handles , or you can resize a control to the height or width of another control .	9	4
These islands sit aside the vital sea lanes of the Strait of Malacca , through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily , bringing in oil for the Far East and Southeast Asia .	32	5
I was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that I have had in my life .	18	1
Sent by : Nella Cappelletto	3	3
Your answer to a question indicated that I have several of the skills you look for .	1	3
I just moved into the city , and I 'm wondering if there 's a place I can get good deals on restaurants here .	16	1
There are better places on the Cape - FITNESS 500 !	5	2
They are certainly being nasty to the United Nations Security Council in connection with the anti-proliferation treaty .	0	2
The severity and the presence of the revolution in the countryside alarmed the Court and National Assembly in Versailles .	18	5
To the north in Lebanon , there is serious debate within Hezbollah about entering the Lebanese political process in light of Syria 's promised withdrawal .	9	3
Have no idea what kind of restaurant this is or where it is .	5	1
As agent Van Harp , then head of the Amerithrax investigation said , the information coming from Khalid Mohammed is classified with the authorities releasing only certain limited information .	5	2
You may not distribute , publicly display , publicly perform , or publicly digitally perform the Work with any technological measures that control access or use of the Work in a manner inconsistent with the terms of this License Agreement .	23	3
Sunday , October 21 , 2007	0	3
A measure to amend the NC Constitution to ban gay marriage was defeated last year but already has been reintroduced in the 2005 legislative session , so there is a real need for visible support for the “ pro-same - gender - marriage ” side of this issue .	16	4
If the latter is the case , we could place both Sara and Elena in a specialist job group ( the salary range is 33 - 66 K ) .	18	3
Pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 RAW agents based in Kandahar and another 12 in Jalalabad .	1	5
I 'm inclined to say that google is doing what they can to both shape and support the growth of the most popular non-Microsoft browser out there - by taking on the leading lights in Firefox development , they 're ensuring the continued life of the project , and ensuring ( not that I think they need to ) that their voice will be heard admidst the higher echelons of the firefox development team .	65	4
And these existed for tens of millions of years .	6	4
There was a small click and the door swung open .	5	2
The final paper was passed off to the outside world as the work of Zakaria Mohieddin , Nasser 's most thoughtful ( in Western eyes ) , reasonable deputy , and accepted at face value by intelligence analysts of the State Department , the C.I.A. and , presumably , similar agencies of other governments . "	53	6
Being well - informed will give you certainty and that is desirable in a world of conflicting reports .	13	1
I would recommend them to anyone !	6	1
In a communique , the AMS said that for Iraqis to take part with " raiding forces " in the assault on a city , the population of which is Muslim ( such as Fallujah ) would be considered the most mortal of mortal sins .	33	1
Hundreds of persons mounted demonstrations against the Fallujah campaign in Tikrit and Huwaijah , as well , according to az - Zaman .	10	3
The ReportML language is made up of a set of tags that describe a form , report or data access page 's properties , events , and attributes .	24	3
$ 205 m - Amount Enron CEO Kenneth Lay earned from stock option profits over a four - year period .	7	4
STOA , to produce for us a paper which indicated low sulphur fuels are essential .	1	1
1561 Ruy Lopez writes his book on chess .	8	1
Philip	0	3
As the leaders like to boast , the Mujahedeen is a family affair .	8	5
I am going to try and study aboard but idk where I can go I can not decide where do you think would be the best place to go ?	8	2
Tree swallows are nesting nine days earlier .	1	4
I could show you .	1	3
Posada should have told any inquisitive journalist at his doorstep something like Meiring told the single American reporter who bothered following his bloody trail from the Philippines , that " If this harms me in any way , you will find my power then , and you 'll find out who I am . "	25	2
We do need a formal plan .	2	2
Anyway , so that was 2 days ago that I called and left a message , but he still has n't called back yet .	0	3
In the event that you have scheduling conflicts and can not participate , any referrals at the Director or VP level would be greatly appreciated .	0	1
But my father 's former Iraqi business partner remained in control of the republic of Iraq and its petroleum reserves .	20	1
This is a big challenge because they are very small ( order of micron in size ) and are somewhere ( we do n't know where ) on a HUGE collector — at least on the scale of the particle size — about a tenth of a square meter .	40	2
Even though I m not Michael Jackson or somebody , when people come up to me and introduce themselves and say , " Hey Frank , my name is John , ' I say , " Hey John , my name is Frank " and they laugh .	39	1
As you approach the Earth at , or close to , terminal velocity , you may wish to contemplate your past existence , and the possibility of a future afterlife .	21	5
The hope was that anyone looking for the Aunt would see the family post and know that help was available .	4	3
Now that we ’re in 2011 , in an era of modern web standards , it ’s time to say goodbye , " Microsoft says on " The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown " .	7	1
On July 12 , after the raid , Israel was accused of giving comfort to the reactionaries of Rhodesia and South Africa by its demonstration of military superiority and its use of Western arms and techniques , upsetting the balance between poor and rich countries , disturbing the work of men of good will in Paris who were trying to create a new climate and to treat the countries of the Third World as equals and partners .	75	2
She was Rebecca , Rebecca Edwards , like a big , untidy schoolgirl in her cotton shirt and sandals , the car key on her forefinger jingling harassedly .	2	4
Again , pairs or trios and pretty big living space .	7	2
Thank you for your help in tracking these invoices .	6	4
" The Berlin daily Der Tagesspiegel this week , " continued UPI , " quoted ' NATO intelligence sources ' who claimed that the NATO allies had been informed that the United States is currently investigating all possibilities of bringing the mullah - led regime into line , including military options .	2	3
But as I stood on this hillside , I foresaw that in the blinding sunshine of that land I would become acquainted with a flabby , pretending , weak-eyed devil of a rapacious and pitiless folly .	31	1
1 . Is a tank mate ( such as another female killie or a Cory or large snails ) rating the eggs ?	5	2
I was very happy with the customer service and even more please with the portion size , to go box set up and quality of the food for the price .	20	2
Normally this author is semi-objective ( what blogger is ) but on the Seattlepi.com ( see source link ) Palestinian Leader Mahmoud Abbas has demanded that Israel leave all the land that it occupies before the 1967 border ( which includes East Jerusalem by the way ) .	28	2
Michael Gapinski Account Vice President Emery Financial Group PaineWebber , Inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 Fax : 713-654-1281 Cell : 281-435-0295	13	2
Floating Amount = ( Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating Price ) - USD [ 38,000 ? ]	17	1
Not only had he been sent back to the beginning , he was now before the beginning , and so far before the beginning that it was worse than any end he could imagine .	27	3
<< In " Love 's Labour 's Lost " we find a character Don Adriana de Armatho , full of affection and bombast .	9	1
My previous apprehension has been dismissed and I no longer have a sinking feeling when my next appointment is due !	3	2
has life like animal wholesale figurines made from rabbit and goat fur , feathers and sheep s wool .	15	3
Firstly , I should like to ask the Commissioner - and I am convinced that my request will fall on fertile ground - to ensure that more attention is paid to the issue of safety , be it on the roads , on the waterways or at sea .	41	1
Even if local Palestinian leaders remain strong enough to keep al - Qaida out , the festering Israeli - Palestinian struggle remains among the best recruiting posters for al - Qaida with young Muslim men .	17	4
" We are a colony .	4	3
The results show the anti-establishment camp successfully maintained a majority in the geographical constituencies ' seats thus veto power to any members ' bills , and also a minority larger than a third to veto any bills featuring major political reforms .	14	1
They did n’t have them in our day , and people without children express through their disapproval all their hatred of modern parenting .	9	2
It is estimated that Israel has over 200 nuclear weapons yet neither the US nor any of her allies expresses the slightest concern .	23	1
They want to use LTS to tie into NASA 's vision for Space Exploration , and seem pleased that the White House is moving in that direction .	16	2
Although the lodging and facilities may not be the same as more modern and developed locations , Socotra is a beautiful and magnificent destination choice .	6	2
I googled Garage Door Repair in Woodinville and found NDI - Johnette answered the phone and was oh - so pleasant and helpful !	7	2
Email : " Ruth " < ruth.penyc...@bbc.co.uk >	2	1
Thank you for reading if you did ! :)	5	2
Anyone who doubts that should review a recent letter orchestrated by the Bretton Woods Committee , addressed to Congressional leaders on behalf of an impressive array of former Republican and Democratic cabinet secretaries .	30	5
The latter also spread Islam to the coastal belt , but most Bantu never had contact with Islam and remained African Traditional Religion adherents .	19	4
And then when you do it in an asymptotic way is like you do n't look at the small details .	2	2
" They ( electricity generators ) grinned and beared the $ 750 price cap , but this new plan by ISO was too much , " said Dunn , whose committee has been investigating since March .	29	3
Text the other person a brief message asking them about their day , asking them a specific question about work or school , or simply saying " Hi ! " .	21	3
Some of her designs have been presented posthumously , including the statuette for the 2017 Brit Awards , and many of her buildings are still under construction , including the Al Wakrah Stadium in Qatar , a venue for the 2022 FIFA World Cup .	32	4
I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in CA ( for customers already on DA ) .	27	2
I saw her sometimes : in a bright pink dress , a sparkling drink in her hand , on the arm of some foreign officer with brocade on his shoulders , at the edge of a marble patio .	27	1
63 - Percentage of oil the United States imported in 2003 , a record high .	10	2
I have lots of containers in there .	1	2
Unfortunately , I 've given it a couple of tries at different times and decided to stop going .	18	1
Water , chicken stock or broth , or vegetable stock all work .	4	1
And today , the optimistic view is that those with excess wealth will continue to think of lots of things for everyone else to do to make their lives more convenient and luxurious , and that the ingenuity of the rich will outstrip the supply of labor by the poor and turn the poor into the middle class .	37	5
Neiafu and surrounding villages are home to about a third of the Group ’s overall population of around 20000 , with the majority of the population living in small villages on the other islands .	24	2
According to a report issued by the Center for Strategic and International Studies in December of 2004 , Iran " has some 540,000 men under arms and over 350,000 reserves .	28	4
Being hungry , you know , and kept on my feet too , I was getting savage .	14	2
If you have been to the London Aquarium I would not even bother with this .	14	2
He co-founded the left-liberal al-Ahali group in 1932 , a significant political organisation in the 1930s and 1940s .	9	1
She pointed to the refreshment table with Campbell 's Soup served with " electric " Kool Aid and tables adorned with colorful gumball " pills " .	11	2
His magnum opus was a sequence of short stories and novels collectively entitled La Comédie humaine , which presents a panorama of French life in the years after the 1815 fall of Napoleon Bonaparte .	20	4
it wase nt going an had a gear box problem ....	10	2
Since Emperor Meiji , it has been customary to have one era per Emperor and to rename each Emperor after his death using the name of the era over which he presided .	16	3
So what happened ?	2	4
Also , do n't forget to try out Korea 's famous amusement parks ! : Lotte World , Everland , and Carribbean Bay !	15	3
When we expressed our discontent to the manager ( that 's right , the manager ) , did he say he would return some money , did he say he would give a discount on our next visit , did he just say " I 'm sorry " .	39	2
A taste of Argentina .	0	1
Regarding how long the beverage will be made available , Stan remarked to The Brooklyn Paper , " We 'll keep it around until he ’s irrelevant . I hope he ’s there the whole way " .	6	1
1 ) When you get the bird , place him or her or them in the cage .	3	2
These amendments also fit in with this Parliament 's view that social exclusion is a serious issue needing constructive action .	16	3
no feathers in stock !!!!	3	3
So anyone looking for an Excellent night out for Chinese or maybe just lunch should stop in and try it because I promise you 2 things --- You wo n't regret it !!	14	3
From there his mind drifted off to the accounts he had read of Melville 's last years – the taciturn old man working in the New York customs house , with no readers , forgotten by everyone .	23	1
I remember going into Hollywood Magic and wanting that big red box with the dragons on it and I did n't even know what it did .	23	2
Iran is encircled by Afghanistan , by the Gulf States , Iraq and the Moslem republics of the former Soviet Union .	4	6
He was shabby and careless , with ink-stains on the sleeves of his jacket , and his cravat was large and billowy , under a chin shaped like the toe of an old boot .	22	1
PLEASE NOTE : Your pledge is to be made electronically - it only takes minutes .	7	1
One of them is the Rest and Recuperation Program , wherein a child can come to the US for a few weeks in the summer .	2	2
He looked at his hands , saw that they were dirty , and got up to wash them .	15	1
What are really good programs for smooth crisp Black & White editing ?	4	4
My own cousin , Nota Gordon , two years out of the Soviet Union , says to me , " You are no match for them .	13	3
The other guy was pulled over one day and a cop saw suspicious papers with names and social security numbers on it .	1	3
The results from Storquest 's Facebook advert campaign were one of their highest performing online advertising efforts :	5	4
Afterwards , browse at the morning market ( 6.30 - 10 am ) : rice lollipops , wasp cocoons ( the pupae are considered a delicacy ) , buffalo lung , betel - nut bark and leaves , live toads and catfish .	40	2
Scheduled appointment for 8:30 Monday morning .	1	6
Her captain was a Swede , and knowing me for a seaman , invited me on the bridge .	18	1
You 'll note we offer a couple of versions of some books .	8	4
As a boy he had spent many hours under the night sky trying to tally the clusters of pinprick lights with the shapes of bears , bulls , archers , and water carriers .	11	2
For example , you can filter for the three cities that generated the most sales or the five products that are least profitable .	1	4
But then , even to talk of an " administration " may be misdirection at this point , given how little representative government means in the United States these days , and how much of " national security " has been privatized into a global gangland of drugs and guns .	25	2
" I 'm going to jail either way , hope it was worth it . "	14	1
At last , Auster gave a little shrug , which seemed to acknowledge that they had come to an impasse .	7	3
Two or three times I consider whether to mention to him a letter I sent Le Monde during the 1973 war about the position being taken by France .	20	2
Maybe one day they will allow space tourism , ( hopefully that will be in the near future ) although I would recommend that NASA build new shuttles instead of trying to preserve the older ones .	4	2
Back in Lahore , some thirty - nine stories appeared in the Gazette between November 1886 and June 1887 .	8	4
" I have said and I repeat my expression of solidarity which Hassan Nasrallah called for to stand with Hamas , " Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr said Friday in a reference to Nasrallah , the leader of the militant Lebanese Shiite group Hezbollah .	1	1
Good farming practice and animal welfare can not be considered in isolation from food legislation as a whole .	12	2
The noise outside had ceased , and presently in going out I stopped at the door .	16	1
If using a t-shirt to strain , be sure fabric softener or a dryer sheet had not been used with it , lets you get some extra ( unwanted ) flavoring ( and potentially toxic chemicals ) .	4	1
Therefore , should you wish to donate to a monk , you should only offer food , and put your monetary donation in the appropriate donation box at the temple .	14	3
People like the fact that I stand for a Virginia that is both Open-minded and Open for Business .	2	2
My oldest female and youngest male do this - I just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like chicken liver ( cooked ) for the anemic one , some arthritis stuff for the oldest .	6	1
( Kut is in southeastern Iraq and has an overwhelmingly Shiite population , who are on the lookout for Baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .	25	1
The Dow then rallied to a high of 943 in September of '67 .	2	2
Honoré De Balzac was born into a family which had struggled nobly to achieve respectability .	2	3
Some may still think that even in the final stages of the 9/11 plot , Zacarias Moussaoui was going to fly a 5th plane into the Capitol or White House .	9	3
The money funds their travel , explosives , hideouts and permanent search for soft vulnerable targets .	11	3
When we complained to the management ( as we were instructed to do if there were any problems ) , nothing happened !	21	4
When Tulsa expanded beyond the bounds of its original plat , the expanded areas were platted in alignment with the points of the compass .	10	1
We were expecting a great experience , when we recieved a friendly greeting by the hosts .	2	5
Ultimately , codependency leads to a loss of identity , serious frictions , and often a nasty breakup – unless one or both of the partners becomes more self-reliant and strikes out on his or her own .	15	1
Throughout the twentieth century , the City of Cleveland proper was ranked as one of the 10 largest cities in the U.S. ( from 1890 until 1970 per US Census Bureau statistics ) .	6	2
Another time I 'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where " Mommies " get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason .	25	1
( 2 ) No one may be compelled to belong to an association .	6	1
After a while I needed to start thinking about an internship for my M.Sc. studies , and decided to write a couple of professors .	2	3
The self of the individual lies hidden in the innermost layers of existence ( kosas ) .	9	5
Maybe next time they will have it .	4	2
THE DAILY STAR publishes this commentary in agreement with Agence Global	8	2
Although it is often alleged ( without much evidence ) that Saddam Hussein gave money to the families of Palestinian suicide bombers and so encouraged asymmetrical warfare , it is not clear that he actually posed a danger to Israel .	12	4
Our company is a high end designer handbag and fashion accessories company , thus we are certainly a niche market .	13	2
The kitchen was small and rather cramped .	4	2
How could millions of customers be reimbursed if the charge had already been included in their electricity bills ?	9	3
Wandering among the tombs till I began to think myself one of the possessed with devils . "	17	1
If you 're looking for a good burger , some great fries ( they are too die for ! ) , and good drinks , go to Chickie & Pete 's !	27	4
" If not removed immediately , the ( ISO ) price cap will sow confusion in the market , threaten reliability and stifle new investment in generating capacity , '' read one letter written by Duke Energy Vice President William Hall III .	41	2
We have never had mexican food this bad , it was just simply gross .	9	1
But if the babies were born in American so they would named in other way but still remain " First name " in order to recall about their origination .	27	3
He gazed anxiously from the car as if , despite the telephone call , he were not sure if Bray had been safely received , but once he set eyes on him behaved as if they had seen each other a week ago .	23	4
no they wo nt be able to some gamestops do nt check ID for the pre-order so some ppl can get away with doing this but a lot of store want to see your id and / or your reciept of the pre-order	4	1
I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase , and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation .	6	3
She ’s on the Holbeinsteg bridge .	3	2
Many people at Enron already have this type of chair , but we rarely , if ever , have a surplus because they are so popular .	7	2
" When dandelions have set the mark of May on Wisconsin pastures , it is time to listen for the final proof of spring , " wrote Aldo Leopold in " A Sand County Almanac . "	3	2
A handle ( 1.75 liters , about a half gallon ) of vodka per bag of Skittles	11	1
Another senior Al Qaeda member ( a shura or policy - making council member no less ) was working for the Egyptian intelligence services and he confirmed the report in a sworn lengthy confession .	9	3
1647 : It is called Palace of forty columns , as there are many columns , and in Iranian , 40 means many .	16	2
The introduction of interim targets increases the predictability of the policy , allows for accommodating product development cycles and facilitates long term planning for interested parties .	13	2
$ 0 - Amount of uncommitted dollars in the Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean - ups in 2003 .	18	1
Currently exurbs such as Apache Junction , Fountain Hills , Queen Creek , and Sun City are becoming part of this metropolitan area as well .	18	2
Pages hung in tatters from the sodden blue spine .	1	2
Start with small amount of vodka and Skittles at first to experiment which combination of taste suits you best .	8	1
In January 2011 , Blunt began filming an American science - fiction film , Looper , directed by Rian Johnson and co-starring Bruce Willis and Joseph Gordon - Levitt ; the film was released in September 2012 .	3	1
These states , as well as the Palestinian Authority , are the safe havens of the wholesale murder vendors .	14	1
Evelyn Odara spoke to her husband as no local woman would dare ; yet he ignored it , as if turning the tables on her with his countrymen 's assumption that what women said was not heard , anyway .	10	3
All you have to do is become a member and watch your earnings grow !	1	2
In the summer he watched baseball on television ; in the winter he went to the opera .	9	1
I have purchased over 15 vehicles ( cars , rvs , and boats ) in my lifetime and I have to say the experience with Michael and Barrett Motor Cars of San Antonio was one of the best .	24	2
( 10 ) In order to maximise the environmental benefits from improved design it may be necessary to inform consumers about the environmental characteristics and performance of EUPs and to advise them about how to use products in a manner which is environmentally friendly .	28	2
Pour out some vodka from a bottle to make room for Skittles .	11	4
Although disability is not contagious , interest in disabled sports might put into question the masculinity of the males following it .	20	1
You can export tables , queries , and the data behind forms or reports from a Microsoft Access database ( .mdb ) as well as tables , views , stored produces , functions , and the data behind forms and reports from a Microsoft Access project ( .adp ) .	25	3
Office 2002 site license ( user does n't have Office 2002 installed on computer , but user 's organization has an enterprise or site license agreement )	4	1
The inability to foresee in advance the assassination attempt on the pro-India political leader and former Bangladeshi prime minister Sheikh Hasina Wazed last August 21 at a political rally in Dhaka , and the recent " coup " by Nepalese King Gyanendra dismissing his government and imposing a virtual absolute monarchy , are glaring examples of intelligence failure . +	16	6
Staff is super friendly , treat you as a friend .	2	3
He came across as a very bright person , very personable .	7	3
York quickly became one of the most important cities in Roman Britain , and after 211 became the capital of the province Britannia Inferior .	5	2
What I know is that I have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in New Orleans .	1	1
In addition , is there someone who could consider the correlation between US CPI and the $ / euro exchange rate .	2	1
I will never purchace another vehicle from Vic Canever .	8	4
There 's not that much money in fundamental science at the moment , so I try to cut the costs wherever possible .	12	1
This shall be applauded given the size and strength of Phailin .	9	1
Nearly every day , rain or shine , hot or cold , he would leave his apartment to walk through the city – never really going anywhere , but simply going wherever his legs happened to take him .	37	2
However , the filter settings are retained , so that when you turn autofiltering back on , the data that was previously displayed or hidden is again displayed or hidden .	16	1
Abu Musab al - Zarqawi and his group are said to have been bitter rivals of al - Qaeda during the Afghan resistance days .	19	3
Pompey took command of two legions in Capua and began to raise levies illegally , an act that , as was predictable , took advantage of the Caesarians who were in his favor .	0	3
In the remarkable transformation of Central Europe 's economies in the 1990 ' s , management expertise and market access resulted from massive investments by German and other EU - based companies , which integrated local producers into their global value chains .	17	2
I guess it 's just the old new Arab ' Me against my brother , me and my brother against my cousin , me and my cousin against my enemy ' , or ' The enemy of my enemy is my friend ' thing going on again .	28	1
Very fast and efficient service .	1	2
All in all , I think this is a terrific opportunity to improve sports coverage in a multitude of aspects ; but we will have to wait until after the event to assess to what extent the broadcasters will meet these expectations .	34	2
You will notice that Questar has requested a " Payment Plan " that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events .	7	1
The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that need to be addressed immediately .	0	2
A cross-sectional survey of 1709 schoolchildren - aged 8 – 10 years , from 88 schools - was carried out in New South Wales , Victoria , South Australia , Western Australia and Queensland , between July 2003 and December 2004 .	0	1
When the Balzac children returned home , they were kept at a frigid distance by their parents , which affected the author - to - be significantly .	21	3
31 - Number of Bush administration appointees who are alumni of the energy industry ( includes four cabinet secretaries , the six most powerful White House officials , and more than 20 other high - level appointees ) .	24	3
Hunters for gold or pursuers of fame , they all had gone out on that stream , bearing the sword , and often the torch , messengers of the might within the land , bearers of a spark from the sacred fire .	35	1
It should make some sense , so that it will be easier to learn and speak with [ Example : Do n't use oh as e , hello as llo , and See ya as c yah ) .	22	2
‘’ We have a very small number of forces in Shindand with a few helicopters , ’’ says Barno .	0	1
So , I am asking , will you take my fifteen dollars ? "	0	1
Christ , you 'd think America would get a bit tired of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing but gullible idiots .	1	1
The owner , Jean , has been there 31 years !	4	1
And this is a direct result of the Politically correct , permissive , time out granting bullshit liberal culture that has caused this .	18	4
To paraphrase Clausewitz , federalism for Putin is annexation by other means .	9	1
I will be getting with my vet first and if I do get him , have the spinal fluid test done for EPM and a titer test .	5	1
~ It took over 40 mins to be taken to our table , once there it took another 20 mins to get our orders and a further 45 mins till our starters landed on our table .	14	3
The current study will contribute to the development of further qualitative and quantitative research that will more clearly define the information behaviors of the transmedia fan .	25	2
Without QE , which the Fed is now gradually tapering , world trade would have taken a much bigger hit .	7	2
Ahmed Al - Chalabi and defense minister Hazim Al - Sha'lan have been engaging in shrill public attacks over the media .	7	3
They DO NOT have a return policy and even if their product SUCKS , they will NOT take it back !	7	2
At last , panting , they reached the landing , then carried the trunk through Harry 's room to the open window .	22	1
I wondered if anyone ever went back under the bleachers , if there were crickets or mice there .	7	3
Authorities would likely have been happy answering questions about Posada 's whereabouts with an indefinite shrug .	0	6
I 've never heard of the Stillmans .	5	2
When Iraq invaded Kuwait , many of these girls were transported to Jordan and then smuggled to various countries -- Germany , France , Canada , Denmark , England , the United States -- where they were raised by guardians who were usually Mujahedeen supporters .	8	3
' A radical Shiite Muslim cleric has expressed solidarity with the militant Palestinian group Hamas and said that he should be considered the group 's " striking arm " in Iraq .	16	2
just want to ask .. i have an nikon dslr .. i m wondering why if i zoom my picture zoom like almost 200 - 300 percent .. i can see some dead pixel ... is there something wrong with my camera body ?	42	2
As you know , we are in the process of transferring recordkeeping services from NTRC to Hewitt .	15	1
This is not just the fault of the Commission , but I believe that we need to take action more quickly so as to achieve harmonisation in this area as well .	1	1
The next day , two of Hathaway 's neighbours posted bonds guaranteeing that no lawful claims impeded the marriage .	18	4
Now you are far above the earth - into space .	3	2
I ’d said my prayers , talking a long time as usual with my Maker and thinking about some of the great mysteries the Father of Lights had revealed to me .	10	1
What Ukraine needs is a sharp reduction in corruption , as well as real legitimacy ( through the ballot box ) for people who want to rein in the influence of oligarchs – a group that has sapped the economy through plunder and incompetence over the past two decades .	3	1
He rose from his seat , excused himself to Quinn , and walked quickly towards the door .	4	2
The law delineates a number of conditions whose fulfillment could bring the agreement back into effect : the USA would have to withdraw all of its troops from countries who joined NATO after 2000 , rescind all of the sanctions against Russia as well as reimburse the costs that have been incurred as a result of the sanctions .	50	2
Throw away or donate junk you do n't want to take to your new place .	9	1
Dengue fever is a leading cause of illness and death in the tropics and subtropics , with as many as 100 million people infected each year .	25	2
Barb does an AMAZING JOB , she is always learning new things on how to use her hands and body , to give every person an AWESOME MASSAGE , CALL TODAY AND SCHEDULE YOU MUST SEE HER , YOU WILL FALL IN LOVE SHE IS THE BEST OF THE BEST !	26	4
I would highly recommend NDI - and will spread the word to my neighbors .	14	1
The Deseret News observed that the hashtag on Twitter , #IStandWithAhmed , had become an international phenomenon .	3	4
Set the layer mode to " color " this will make your image blak and white .	7	1
I chalked it up to possible nerve damage , because this is what the vet thought and the other cheek muscle was fine and he had no theeth problems .	25	2
The difficulty lies in the fact that the confirmation system reads the counterparty 's name from Global Counterparty .	0	2
The literary critic A. C. Bradley described this style as " more concentrated , rapid , varied , and , in construction , less regular , not seldom twisted or elliptical " .	1	4
The Quineys had three children , all of whom died without marrying .	6	2
Cognitive games involve a number of different games working aspects of human cognition , while proposing the intersection between the sets of concepts , fun and cognition , for the improvement of cognitive functions .	1	3
Jin Ping Mei , published in 1610 , although incorporating earlier material , marks the trend toward independent composition and concern with psychology .	16	3
But it is clear that not only did Bush slack off on his National Guard service , but he slacked off from his campaign work .	6	2
I 'd probably be more inclined to board my two dogs here , seeing that they do n't just take every dog coming in .	0	1
She stayed while I lit the fire .	6	2
Dr. Aster and her team have been a strong advocate in the health of both my daughters .	2	2
The Atmosphere is the best .. Italian music , candles , helpful and friendly staff ... And the food is beautiful too !	15	2
Obviously , he should have been arrested and jailed - imagine making a statue or painting on the same subject as another artist - clearly insulting and disrespecting - wasted time that could have been used making a statue with clothes on .	23	1
" Waclaw Hanski died in 1841 , and his widow and her admirer finally had the chance to pursue their affections .	5	2
That basically means do n't swallow it , do n't put it in your eyes , do n't bathe in it , and do n't really expose yourself to it directly at all .	21	1
The parents are also accused of putting their social life ahead of their child , taking her on a trip to India and leaving her to servants while embarking on a busy social schedule , and giving her homeopathic drops instead of using the prescription creams they had been given .	16	2
Then again , for the three of us who dined together , two pieces of flatbread left us fighting for more , and licking the hummus from our fingers ( and yes , those two pieces of flatbread did represent a three - person order ) .	19	2
Make sure to put OILY sauces on your food to make it moist !	3	2
Prototaxites , laying down , was about three feet tall .	1	1
On the other hand , the Richmond Ukrops chain is known for its charity work , its community action , and its interest in the public welfare .	5	2
A mid-afternoon " fire drill " was disruptive , putting everyone out of the hotel .	6	2
I do n't have any feelings about Hitler .	4	2
I hope everything went all right and that Harry is okay and that you did n't do anything illegal to get him out , Ron , because that would get Harry into trouble , too .	31	2
I 'm under 21 + and looking for a nice place to take my boyfriend out for dinner where they play music and there is a dance floor .	28	1
He gazed anxiously from the car as if , despite the telephone call , he were not sure if Bray had been safely received , but once he set eyes on him behaved as if they had seen each other a week ago .	18	1
Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red .	8	1
This afternoon at 2 PM or later would work for us .	2	1
The broadcasts began on August 10 and South Korea says the broadcasts will continue .	2	3
a degu , a rat , a mouse , a hamster or a guinea pig ?	5	1
It 's just like cooking kidney , just boil the piss out of it	4	4
Why has there been no Health and Safety Committee meeting since 1998 ?	5	3
to create and reproduce Derivative Works ;	6	1
For example , female university students are much more likely to study humanities than the so-called " STEM " subjects ( science , technology , engineering , and mathematics ) – key drivers of productivity gains , innovation , and economic growth .	25	6
You could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point , it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive .	2	2
Perhaps on some quiet night the tremor of far-off drums , sinking , swelling , a tremor vast , faint ; a sound weird , appealing , suggestive , and wild – and perhaps with as profound a meaning as the sound of bells in a Christian country .	29	2
There will always be an audience for good magicians doing good magic .	10	2
Have both of the teams turn around and have the referee throw it into the grass or pitch while the teams are n't looking .	14	2
And of all the people who the county is getting to find a replacement ... is none other than Lee Brown , the original supervisor of the Atlanta PD , who was in office during the murders and the subsequent investigation .	10	1
" It 's a very , very desperate situation , " Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco said .	1	1
In addition , students participating in the interview reported a preference for games that involve problem solving , recognize the need to plan actions in relation to their importance for the game and for daily activities , and realize improvements in the ability to sustain attention .	5	1
It was built of horizontal planks , and so badly put together that , as he bent over his high desk , he was barred from neck to heels with narrow strips of sunlight .	17	2
In exchange for sucking vast amounts of water out of the local land , the mighty corporation promised to bring the people great wealth .	12	2
Spain had expelled its Sephardic population in 1492 ; many of these Spanish Jews left Spain for Portugal but eventually were targeted there as well .	7	2
They asked us things that we would have never have thought of , and took extra time to meet with us when we needed it before the wedding .	27	4
I know that name from somewhere . He went silent again , straining harder to dredge up the answer .	5	5
It was difficult to realize his work was not out there in the luminous estuary , but behind him , within the brooding gloom .	15	1
It 's enough to make your hair stand on end , said Dando ; and enjoyed the effect .	1	1
On September 21 , 2004 , the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee approved $ 16.379 billion in funding for NASA for fiscal year 2005 .	20	3
and jokes requiring specialized knowledge ( of , for example , science or old movies ) will only be appreciated by people who possess that knowledge .	24	2
Turkey and Thailand are mired in political crises that reflect long - simmering domestic conflicts .	14	5
Though some considered him insane or eccentric , citizens of San Francisco celebrated his regal presence and his proclamations , such as his order that the United States Congress be dissolved by force and his numerous decrees calling for a bridge connecting San Francisco to Oakland , and a corresponding tunnel to be built under San Francisco Bay .	36	4
Japan 's special envoy , Yasushi Akashi , who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released , came back from visits to Colombo and Kilinochchi in early November a frustrated man .	1	1
These works suffered from a lack of firsthand knowledge ;	5	2
It resurfaced painfully later when - as a renowned and busy author - he traveled to Sardinia in the hopes of reprocessing the slag from the Roman mines in that country .	10	2
" They are not in any hurry .	6	3
In Iraqi society , PM Allawi is responsible for protecting his clan , including especially his first cousins , so this kidnapping makes him look weak and brings substantial shame on him .	24	2
" Our new lunar transportation system utilizes a unique architecture that will establish the equivalent of a two - way highway between the Earth and the Moon , " Kistler told SPACE.com .	29	4
Because of the trauma that his homosexual relation with Brian Epstein had left him , he made lyrics such as : " You can wear a collar and a tie , one thing you ca n't hide is when you 're crippled inside " and gave declarations to the " Rolling Stone " magazine saying that " sometimes he wore Texan boots to feel more secure as a man " .	31	2
Hunters for gold or pursuers of fame , they all had gone out on that stream , bearing the sword , and often the torch , messengers of the might within the land , bearers of a spark from the sacred fire .	37	3
Specializing in short stories , she was one of the first important writers to appear in the Meiji period ( 1868 - 1912 ) and Japan 's first prominent woman writer of modern times .	17	3
. . . Murph Archibald is Red Blount 's nephew by marriage , and in 1972 , he was coming off a 15 - month tour in Vietnam in the infantry .	0	1
It is important to identify the skills and potential of our regions in the hi-tech sector .	5	2
You 'd like more action ?	3	2
Accordingly , the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP ( the only one and therefore the one they have to choose ) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract .	7	6
None , just walk in to the service office and present all the identification you have to prove your identity .	3	2
She has professional hair , lightly streaked .	5	4
He bought a postcard of brilliant blue sea and dazzling white ruins and tried to write , in what he could remember of Greek :	8	2
Afraid I can not be more helpful , it is really a case of pot luck , although as the weather is so changeable often a cold wet morning will turn into a lovely warm sunny afternoon and evening or visa versa .	27	2
The subject of all this talk is , ultimately , survival the survival of the decent society created in Israel within a few decades .	17	4
Pan-democrat Gary Fan of the Neo Democrats failed to get re-elected in this constituency , and resigned from his leadership in his party due to its election defeat .	7	3
After he already put product on my hair he said " I should warn you , I 'm expensive . "	9	2
You ca n't but here 's an update : The doctor is about to discover the affair between her husband and Jo ( who has become her new best friend ) .	12	3
I guess if you are someone not familiar with how NASA benefits our society I can see how one might form the opinion of yheggy - ga .	16	2
For instance , if you 're asked what you 're up to , rather than saying , " looking for people to hit on on Facebook " you might find that it 's a better idea to give a sarcastic answer like " writing the great American novel " or " drowning my sorrows " .	28	3
When he had come to the end , he said , Do you think I 'm crazy ?	5	2
Research shows that increasing agricultural productivity is the most effective way to reduce poverty in sub-Saharan Africa .	17	1
During this time , Marcelle was often left alone in the room while Piaf and Mômone were out on the streets or at the club singing .	5	2
Well that ’s a significant threat to the Soviet Union , to Russia now that there was no longer any Soviet Union , it was a significant threat to Russia and not surprisingly they responded by beefing up their offensive capacity , not much but some .	45	2
You use XML schemas to describe the structure of data in a common format that customers , other Web browsers , and any number of XML-enabled software programs can recognize .	5	4
yes there are multiple around the world cruises , mainly offered by the more upscale lines .	2	2
The following illustration shows how the PivotTable view will look after the captions of the custom group field and custom groups have been changed .	20	3
Repeat the above two steps for all bottles , ensuring that everything is cleaned between uses to prevent color contamination .	6	2
then i told her i felt i should be able to screw missy just once .	3	2
In fact , it would tend to encourage more organized anti-India outfits , such as the Pakistani Inter- Services Intelligence ( ISI ) and outside - linked Maoists , to exploit these networks and weaken India 's eastern flank .	39	1
Can ssome oone please tell me where i can buy some weed in auckland .	8	2
As such , they may differ in material respects from those of , or expressed or published by on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers , directors , employees or affiliates . ,	18	1
The Halls had one child , Elizabeth , who married twice but died without children in 1670 , ending Shakespeare 's direct line .	23	1
From 1939 to the outbreak of World War II , the municipality experienced the mining boom .	10	2
yep they fixeded my thumpstar in 1 day .	7	2
The team used Formica fusca , an ant species that can form thousand-strong colonies .	2	2
Examining this , I could tell that it had been taken from those ancient monuments I ’d seen and put here for some special reason .	21	2
It is pointless to try to understand the subtle differences between the Sunni terror of Al Qaeda and Hamas and the Shiite terror of Hezbollah , Sadr and other Iranian - inspired enterprises .	32	6
We know , and we have stated as much in very many resolutions indeed , including specifically during the last plenary part - session of last year , that this is not solely a legal case and that it is wrong for Alexander Nikitin to be accused of criminal activity and treason because of our involvement as the beneficiaries of his findings .	34	3
Of all Freemason sponsered revolutions : American , French , Bolivar , etc . . . Garibaldi 's is the most blatantly Masonic :	22	4
If you are comfortable , we will drive these changes into our other midmarket power forms .	1	2
We were in Springfield , IL for a family funeral from Kansas City .	12	2
For example , a set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip casting must be dry - it gets wet pulling the water out of the slip - while a set plaster mold used for molding wax must be soaking or damp wet http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#LGGOBPROJ	31	3
Also known as the Personal Travel Allowance , Traveller s Allowance Fee , Traveller s Assistance Fund , Traveller s Assurance Fund and numerous other forms of “ I have to have wodges of your cash or they wo n’t let me fly ” .	27	1
Terminals are numbered from 2 - 4 .	0	5
Image : NASA .	0	3
The end of the year is a time for compiling statistics - and according to the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) , the year 2003 has been bad news for plants and non-human animals , with many species now closer to extinction than ever before .	32	2
In short , China has the American economy by the throat .	6	4
Here are some emails we have sent , along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June , just for your information .	9	2
And it was in a grandmother bar by the waterfront — sipping hot tea with rum and watching over the shoulders of dockworkers playing mah-jongg — that I first heard of the valley of giants .	1	1
" A View from the Eye of the Storm "	2	2
To this end , Europe as a whole , and each Member State individually , will have to make optimum use of all available resources and capacities , including the Structural Funds .	4	3
Mrs. Wentz had put down her food and she sat back out of the light of the fire , a big face glimmering in the dark , caverns where the eyes were .	17	2
Not sure if I am going to buy 17 " or 16 " wheels for the winter .	15	2
It 's this sort of enlightened self interest that keeps large open source projects alive .	15	1
When you design a Web page using Microsoft Office Web Components , any user with a Microsoft Office 2002 license can interact with the components in the browser to the level of interactivity you provide .	34	4
In the throes of crisis , generalization is the norm ;	10	1
When you move a field to the data area , the values from the field are used as the data that is measured in the chart .	8	2
Barb does an AMAZING JOB , she is always learning new things on how to use her hands and body , to give every person an AWESOME MASSAGE , CALL TODAY AND SCHEDULE YOU MUST SEE HER , YOU WILL FALL IN LOVE SHE IS THE BEST OF THE BEST !	35	2
Research shows that increasing agricultural productivity is the most effective way to reduce poverty in sub-Saharan Africa .	8	2
They are at the national average in grade 4 and better than national average in grade 8 .	13	4
The conniving and wrangling over wills and inheritances reflect the expertise gained by the author as a young law clerk .	7	6
I do n't have any feelings about Hitler .	1	1
Political activist and philosopher Noam Chomsky	5	4
If mistaken , how did those reports first come about ?	0	1
The most important thing is that you are comfortable , and that you 're not wearing baggy or loose fitting clothing so you can make sure you 're forming and moving correctly in the mirror .	9	1
If you look closely , at the base of every leaf are two tiny little leaves that will grow outwards if the stem growing between them is cut off .	16	2
The way the tax law works , the tax basis for your share distribution will be based on the closing stock price the day preceding notification to the transfer agent .	16	3
Thus far , none of the many " human rights " busybodies across the world have bothered to even notice such a development .	9	3
And if you send me a story , that would be great to !	9	3
In the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating its prime minister , because such an act is unthinkable , international law does not address killers shooting from hospitals , mosques and ambulances , while being protected by their Government or society .	9	2
There has been a large Asian presence in the SF Bay Area for a long time -- the Chinatown here was the largest population of chinese outside of China , there were lots of Japanese who 'd been displaced during WWII .	14	2
One of the finest Israeli writers , A B Yehoshua , speaks about this in an excellent book of interviews , Unease in zion , edited by Ehud ben Ezer .	27	2
Deal your meal from where the dishes are located .	7	2
At 18 years , your cat has had a long life .	1	1
A ROMANCE IN EIGHT DAYS by JOHANN VALENTIN ANDREAE in a new version by JOHN CROWLEY illustrated by THEO FADEL	16	6
Then there is a big problem on Earth , and the people of Earth forget we are here .	10	2
Afterwards there was silence on board the yacht .	1	3
At the end of the 8th century , the Moravian Principality came into being in present - day south - eastern Moravia , Záhorie in south - western Slovakia and parts of Lower Austria .	27	4
I want my money back !	5	1
It 's very soft stone that you can easily carve .	0	1
She was dead on -- this restaurant was wonderful --- do not be put off by the one negative review on this page .	3	1
The p-value associated with the design-based F is thus more accurate ( than the associated with the χ2 statistic ) given the adjustments and calculations take into account the weighted nature of the data .	2	5
Yesterday , North Korea fired artillery rounds aimed at a loudspeaker in South Korea that broadcasts anti-Pyongyang propaganda into the North .	3	3
The southeast is the driest , enjoying a more continental climate .	8	2
That same year ( 1560 ) a Spanish priest named RUY LOPEZ handily beat all comers at a chess tournament in Rome .	9	3
|--------+-----------------------> | | Tana.Jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 PM | | | | |--------+----------------------->	1	1
IT IS NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE , MORE OF THE CUISINE BRETT ENJOYS IN MISSISSIPPI .	11	2
In line with Article 13 of Council Decision of 17 December 2001 establishing an exchange , assistance and training programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting ( the ‘ Pericles ’ programme ) and based on the Pericles evaluation report of 30 November 2004 , it is proposed that the Council decision be extended and amended .	53	4
Will come again !	1	2
Mr President , we should not forget that the main , strategic objective of the Structural and Cohesion Funds and of their coordination is to achieve economic and social cohesion .	11	5
The Chemical Wedding by Christian Rosencreutz is the way I ’ve decided to present the title of this book .	14	2
" NASA then plans to develop a new 100 - metric - ton - class launch vehicle derived from existing capabilities with the space shuttle external tanks and solid rocket boosters for future missions to the moon , " the letter said .	4	1
The Phoenix and the Turtle , printed in Robert Chester 's 1601 Love 's Martyr , mourns the deaths of the legendary phoenix and his lover , the faithful turtle dove .	12	2
I am going to Las Vegas and Los Angeles next month , Italy in November , back to Las Vegas in December , Mexico in January , Magi-Fest in February , the Winter Carnival of Magic in Tennessee in March , Eureka Springs Cavalcade of Magic in March , and the FFFF in April .	21	4
the guy came on time and did n't take any breaks , he went straight to work and finished the job efficiently and promptly !	12	1
I sent a phone to Mobile Phone Exchange and it failed a test due to lost or stolen what should I do ?	10	3
The Canadian Regenesis actress Mayko Nguyen has Japanese connection or is it her fake name ?	11	1
Bill over at The Fourth Rail has an excellent essay on how the MSM and the UN , even the leftist countries in Europe , are basically accepting terrorist organizations as legitimate forms of a political party :	25	2
Stan commented on the creation of the Santorum cocktail , " When he was winning in the polls , I thought , ' OK , I 'll do a Santorum ' . "	15	1
It 's not for the meek .	5	2
A rich stink of dead animal rose self-dispersed , like a gas , every now and then as he drank his tea , and he got up and looked around , as he had done so many times before , and with as little success , to see if a rat or mole were rotting somewhere .	39	1
He walked a hundred yards or so up the road , and , meeting a man on a bicycle , greeted him in the language that had come back to him as he lay in the room .	5	1
An orphaned , two - month old African elephant named Olly received an extremely uplifting Christmas present this year : an airplane ride just for him , courtesy of the International Fund for Animal Welfare and their friends ' The Bateleurs ' .	28	1
Add the flour , cocoa powder , baking soda and pinch of salt to the mixing bowl .	6	1
Accordingly , the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP ( the only one and therefore the one they have to choose ) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract .	27	1
What you do know is that there is one fact of Jewish life unchanged by the creation of a Jewish state : you can not take your right to live for granted .	28	1
Anna Marie and Govind are very sweet people , and the minute you steep into their school , the calm loving atmosphere takes over , and tension and worries stay outside in the street , whether or not you pick them up again after class is probably a question of practice .	5	2
Action Network is a BBC website for people who are taking action on issues that concern them .	15	4
More like the French than he would care to admit	0	2
The report states that few if any food manufacturers use iodised salt in the preparation and manufacture of foods .	7	2
Are the hotels back up and running ?	1	2
Cover containers with clear plastic kitchen wrap , so they stay moist .	6	2
Be so good , " he says .	0	1
I understand all of those comparisons , however , the reality is if we lose Dean ( which we will if we do n't pay 65 k + 10 k ) , we will end up hiring a replacement at 75 - 80 k .	4	3
All you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican food , is add a whole lot of pepper .	4	1
He 's just been to Denmark or somewhere because his mother died .	2	2
Many people at Enron already have this type of chair , but we rarely , if ever , have a surplus because they are so popular .	12	1
We live in the flicker – may it last as long as the old earth keeps rolling !	17	1
What is still being perpetuated in all civilized discussion is the ritual of civilized discussion itself .	13	5
Today the quarter still has many Armenian Churches , an Armenian school , shops and Armenian residents .	17	1
" ... to gaze at Wei 's art is like entering a floating world of dreams . "	13	3
After searching for two or three minutes , he finally found a place on one of the benches , wedging himself between a man in a blue suit and a plump young woman .	6	4
People aged 13 - 17 may be allowed to travel alone at Eurostar 's discretion - you should email them for a decision .	12	4
Australian children suffering from iodine deficiency	1	4
Subject : NASA IS A WASTE !	0	4
A girl would show up , then a guy in a nice car would show up .	2	3
We aim to investigate the contributions of the use of a system that integrates cognitive digital games to a database , of the Escola do Cérebro , for monitoring and improvement of cognitive skills , highlighting the attention .	7	2
" The police should be politisized , and should become , to whatever extent necessary , a partisan paramilitary arm of the revolutionary government " ?	20	1
One of the examples of research applied under safety measures has also produced a humanoid robot to compete with Valentino Rossi .	19	5
I would call it the Taj Mahal of the east coast !	5	2
That is another reason why I like competitive trail riding also .	4	2
I ca nt speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us ( the patient ) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you .	23	4
The rapporteur has pointed out to the House that in its common position the Council has accepted six of Parliament 's ten amendments put forward at first reading and that the substance of Parliament 's other amendments has been retained .	26	3
Liberty construction shows up and it 's two guys ... all I get is 100 % sales pitch " We 're the best ... we 're number 50 so we must be doing something right ... look at all these certificates that say we 're great " .	29	1
even if they did , our risk is limited to the premium , not some big payout .	8	4
In his final period , Shakespeare turned to romance or tragicomedy and completed three more major plays :	3	3
We can not wait to go back to Santa Fe and to this great B&B ... especially my 4 year old , who made friends with Ms. Sue and all the ladies , and has talked about them since we left !	16	5
He wondered if Peter saw the same things as he did , or whether the world was a different place for him .	8	1
That means expense , space , and they require weekly cage cleaning .	12	1
These countries ' global economic and financial significance has grown rapidly , yet they have relatively little representation at the Fund .	1	5
The ARVN was not having a big problem with the Local VC ( the guerilla movement ) , they were being challenged by the Main Force VC ( which was light infantry ) and the North Vietnamese Army ( NVA ) .	8	2
Greek court has ruled that worshippers of the ancient Greek religion may now formally associate and worship at archeological sites .	11	2
They were usually situated next to the owner 's factory .	10	1
Enron needs to use this situation to quickly get our viewpoints up into the PUCT and ERCOT ISO on what is driving these problems and our proposed fixes .	5	5
Tuesday is all about getting out the vote , but it means nothing if a registered voter is n't on the list .	1	1
I would say if he does not call you back by friday call him again he could be playing hard to get ?	11	3
In this case , following the talent leads me to think that Google will be making an announcement this year that formalizes the Google - Mozilla / Firefox relationship .	28	6
More people die from AIDS in one day in Africa than all the Russians who died in the hands of Chechnya - based Moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started .	30	1
Add the flour , cocoa powder , baking soda and pinch of salt to the mixing bowl .	1	2
By adding certain chemicals , the ROS can be measured using the emission of light of a certain wave-length .	5	2
We recognize that the state may not require religious groups to officiate at , or bless , same - gender marriages .	18	1
When you move a field to the category area , the unique items of data are displayed as categories , or related groups of data .	18	5
It is not known exactly when Shakespeare began writing , but contemporary allusions and records of performances show that several of his plays were on the London stage by 1592 .	19	4
They also spawn new local companies that serve as suppliers , thereby boosting employment , augmenting workers ' skills , improving productivity , and increasing government revenue .	22	1
There is a public bus from the airport to Hadibo and from Hadibo to Qalansia .	14	4
This is a request for your interview participation .	7	6
There was no one to bother about shooting rights .	0	3
This atmosphere makes the American commonplace " out of this world " true enough to give your soul a start .	12	2
Then he got fever , and had to be carried in a hammock slung under a pole .	0	2
My family is calling for your urgent assistance in funding the removal of the President of the Republic of Iraq and acquiring the petroleum assets of his country , as compensation for the costs of removing him from power .	13	2
That is , of course , if you can get a laugh .	1	1
Well , again , I am now faced with a tax bill of $ 6,000 + , all due on April 15 , 2010 and all that Rod has to say to the matter is ' well , you wo n't have to pay a penalty . '	44	1
( Click here for source . )	5	1
As he emerged from the subway and entered the great hall , he saw by the clock that it was just past four .	13	2
They would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they do n't want 3 people in that small apartment .	6	1
We are obliged to do so because we are the representatives of the citizens in a Europe of Citizens and not just in a Europe of States and of Regions .	14	1
What you get is a $ 13 / day charge to access the internet through a slow 512 / 512 kb / s that you can only use to check email etc ( Read : No downloading ) .	15	1
Neither did Cheney , Rumsfeld , or Wolfowitz .	1	2
such a great idea this was , so easy to load and pack , no ramp , no step up no back aches .	9	1
BUT EVERYONE HAS THERE OWN WAY !!!!!!	2	2
SOLAS ( Safety Of Life At Sea ) , which is an international maritime treaty , came about in response to the tragedy of the Titanic .	14	3
He 's not giving 85 % away , he 's giving a number of shares each year that decrease in number at the rate of 5 % a year ( until gone ? ) .	12	3
really amazing the new and exciting plays done at this theatre !	11	1
Also known as the Personal Travel Allowance , Traveller s Allowance Fee , Traveller s Assistance Fund , Traveller s Assurance Fund and numerous other forms of “ I have to have wodges of your cash or they wo n’t let me fly ” .	1	3
Oh well , I 'll get it when it comes out in Febuary .	10	2
Barracuda and Kayangan lakes are both stunning locations , and good for snorkeling , and the island is the ancestral domain of an indigenous tribe who are managing the island in a sustainable way and keeping outsiders at a distance and offshore at night .	8	1
The story " Umoregi " ( " In Obscurity " ) signaled Higuchi 's arrival as a professional writer .	3	4
We do n't want a knot in your tongue after speaking to your friends .	14	1
The man seemed young – almost a boy – but you know with them it 's hard to tell .	18	2
Hitchcock preferred to work with the best talent of his day — film poster designers such as Bill Gold and Saul Bass — who would produce posters that accurately represented his films .	4	2
They gave me the run around and missing paperwork only to call back to tell me someone else wanted her and I would need to come in and put down a deposit .	20	2
and a good reason for starting this group .... company firewalls lol ;)	2	2
The place is chill and comfortable .	0	2
why do you think they are mean ?	0	2
Another worrisome sign is that local Iraqi Sunni fundamentalists opposed to the US presence in Iraq have begun joining Monotheism and Holy War , and wearing its distinctive orange and black insignia .	8	6
I looked at the UEComm Master and had some comments -- such as our name is wrong , the cross default threshold for us should be US $ and not AUD , and there were a few other questions I had .	22	2
Proposal for a COUNCIL DECISION amending and extending Council Decision of 17 December 2001 establishing an exchange , assistance and training programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting ( the " Pericles " programme ) .	11	1
In his dream , which he later forgot , he found himself walking down Broadway , holding Auster 's son by the hand .	13	2
I really want to like this place since I work right around the corner .	11	3
Zarqawi is a Jordanian , and his Monotheism and Holy War group in Afghanistan probably had a distinctive coloration as mainly Jordanian , Palestinian and Syrian .	7	5
A great cinema in a great location .	2	3
The modernist revolution in the arts during the early 20 th century , far from discarding Shakespeare , eagerly enlisted his work in the service of the avant-garde .	19	4
" Should the Arctic Ocean become ice - free in summer , it is likely that polar bears and some seal species would be driven toward extinction , " the report concluded .	17	3
and in the case of a Derivative Work , a credit identifying the use of the Work in the Derivative Work ( e.g. , " French translation of the Work by Original Author , " or " Screenplay based on original Work by Original Author " ) .	43	4
On Tuesday , the New Zealand government announced the start of a public process to suggest designs for a new national flag , and determine whether their citizens would prefer a different national flag over the current one .	1	4
" Balzac often fell ill , finally causing the headmaster to contact his family with news of a " sort of a coma " .	21	1
I have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket line at the Payne Creek site today .	9	3
Blue cross has no record of aa reversal .	6	1
It became his Independence story ; as the story of the cigarette company 's helicopter was Neil Bayley 's , related again and again while the private drama between husband and wife that had made it pass unremarked at the time was quite dropped out of the context .	28	4
I look forward to seeing you all there .	1	2
In effect , the administration tried to make the IMF more interesting , particularly to encourage Republicans in the House of Representatives to support the reforms .	26	1
G5 found success setting up a series of Facebook Advert campaigns targeted to college students at 21 campuses prior to summer break for Storquest self service storage facilities .	27	5
+ As the implications of the Andaman Islands situation sink in , Indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny .	7	4
In line also with the recommendation of the evaluator of Pericles , it is appropriate to extend the Pericles programme , based on the need to :	18	4
Who can pass up a hot towel and a straight edge neck shave !	7	2
Indeed , given how Bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring vital conflicts with the potential to blow back on the US , one might well argue that Edwards knows more now than Bush does .	9	3
Yau Wai-ching defeated another localist camp candidate , veteran politician Raymond Wong of the Proletariat Political Institute , by 424 votes .	7	1
Just a reminder to send me a currency report .	5	1
This type of harness goes around the dog s chest and legs and has a clip for the leash up on the back of the dog in middle of shoulder blades .	13	2
After a couple of weeks mines knows when I say shoulder it means ot go on my sholder , when I say up it means to jump up on my finger , when I say up and out it means up on my finger and out of the cage .	9	2
Both students of Goffredo Petrassi , Ennio Morricone and Bruno Nicolai met at the Santa ( Saint ) Cecelia conservatory .	8	2
However , on the document , it referred to the database as National Enforcement and Emergency Management Information System and Intelligence System , adding the words " and Emergency " to the name .	17	6
On Saturday , Wikinews interviewed Tina McKenzie , a former member of the Australia women 's national wheelchair basketball team , known as the Gliders .	22	1
If you are familiar with Microsoft Excel PivotTable reports and want to work with the data in Excel , there are two ways to accomplish this .	11	1
Game 8 : Monday , July 2 @ 7:30 PM vs. Portland FIRE	8	2
the colours on the mosque almost visible , the silvered burglar grilles on the elaborate houses of the Indian sector .	4	3
The newly released papers , showing him complicit in the airliner bombing , were mentioned	8	1
The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges , I finally gave up , he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful .	10	1
Does it cost money to use Facebook ?	5	2
It had become a place of darkness .	7	1
ok well i have a crush on 2 guys but unforchunitly it is almost valentine s day afnd i just broke up with my and i have dated one of the guys i like and one guy lives in my naborhood guy i need your help i am a girl but i need a guy s help what shoul i do ?	38	1
Various doctors , both foreign and American , are associated with Al Qaeda leaders or operatives , to include the doctors Abdul Qadoos Khan , a bacteriologist from Rawalpindi and Aafia Siddiqui , PhD , from Karachi .	25	1
" In the years before the 2008 financial crisis , more than a third of Harvard MBAs , and a similar proportion of graduates of the London School of Economics , went to work for financial firms .	32	1
Finally , as the committee representing energy , we would have liked the issue of support for renewable energy resources from Cohesion and Regional Development funds to have been emphasised still more , thus , through a process of coordination , increasing the use of renewables so that the scant funding resources in the energy programme might have been compensated by means of these more substantial sums .	50	4
My mind thinks she has no interest in me and just stringing me along .	0	1
or has acquired some type of disease and that too needs to be attended to ...	4	2
Friendly staff , but definitely some problems	1	3
When I met her in 2012 , she had just harvested her first crop of maize grown from a seed specifically adapted for Tanzania 's climate .	18	1
Bray asked everywhere about Edward Shinza ; certainly he was not in evidence at any official occasion .	12	4
He remembered now that Mrs. Stillman had told him to wait there while she went to find her husband .	16	2
If part of the public supports it , others tolerate it , many are afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood , organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism .	34	2
Plenty of parking on the weekends .. during the week please park in the little lot across the street .	9	2
After searching for two or three minutes , he finally found a place on one of the benches , wedging himself between a man in a blue suit and a plump young woman .	10	3
Any white light emitting light source will emit UVA , including heat bulbs , that 's the easy one to provide for .	1	3
Simultaneously , New Delhi would ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert Kashmir into a second Afghanistan .	1	1
A writer ? Quinn spoke the word as though it were a lament .	5	2
Some of the answers were extraordinary ;	6	1
After the Compromise , Emperor and King Franz Joseph I. took great care to treat both of his monarchies equally .	12	2
Kevin A. Boone Accenture -- Houston Consultant -- Energy ( Octel ) 713.837.1638 ( Client ) 281.848.1619 ( C ) 713.306.7940 ( H ) 713.864.4149 Kevin.A.Boone@accenture.com	14	3
What sort of difficulties were posed by the unorthodox preservatives used , and what additional work might be possible on a specimen with intact DNA ?	10	2
It serves as a reminder of the work that needs to be completed for the cross-linguistic study of SI in particular and acquisition more generally .	2	1
As a preventive approach , designed to optimise the environmental performance of products , while maintaining their functional qualities , it provides genuine new opportunities for manufacturers , for consumers and for society as a whole .	35	3
On the one hand , it should pressure Musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " Legal Framework Order " that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .	28	1
My conclusion is that you should only go there if you want to wait a least an hour and see all kinds other people being seated before you .	10	2
Image : Nick Moreau .	4	1
What 's the difference between Indian and African ringnecks and alexandrine parrots ? ?	2	2
Free of polution , free of oil dependency , and free of big business that is bleeding us dry for the short term good ( theirs ) .	9	2
Has that gone anywhere or are the other possibilities you had better ?	3	4
Microsoft is 4 - 0 ( they took down Netscape , Suns Systems , MAC and IBM ) and Google may be their next target .	3	1
Traders over here seem to have a lot more respect for other humans .	11	3
At some point , I 'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close ?	16	1
i 'm 5 ' 3 - 4 " and am 21 well will be in Nov and my horse is 14.2 hh and she 's perfect size for me i can hop right on with no mounting block ..... only with a saddle though haha i ca n't bareback , not yet	0	1
If they 're going kinda slow and like fake biting ( not biting as hard as they can ) , and fake scratching ( not hitting as hard as they can with their paws ) then they 're playing .	22	5
It is inevitable that most Iraqi Shiites will side with their Hizbullah coreligionists against Israel , and it seems likely that Iraqi Shiites will get rich enough from Iraqi petroleum sales in the future that they will be in a good position to bankroll Lebanese Shiite radicals .	44	4
I did n't know what I was missing .	3	2
The guaranty for the PPA is blacklined against the Enron EPC Contract guaranty in favor of the banks which was granted in connection with our Cabazon Wind Power Project ( the project most recently financed by EWC ) and the GPSA guaranty is blacklined against the PPA guaranty .	23	2
I think it has helped draw younger people to magic as a hobby , but I think it has hurt the ability of young magicians to think because so many rely on the internet for everything and they are n't reading the books .	26	3
There were long days in port with nothing to do .	2	2
Find a quarter or another small coin .	6	2
Add 2 cups of liquid and 1/2 teaspoon of salt into the rice cooker .	3	1
When Bush proposed the missile defense systems in Eastern Europe , Poland and Czechoslovakia , it was a real provocation to the Soviet Union .	12	2
He said angrily to Wentz , directing the remark at the wife through the husband , What did you get in return that was worth it ?	21	3
It was built of horizontal planks , and so badly put together that , as he bent over his high desk , he was barred from neck to heels with narrow strips of sunlight .	26	2
This article , and specifically this piece , effected me enough to try to build a song around the topic .	5	2
Jared just told me you have a BUNCH of stuff on your plate and I think you are about to get much busier too .	19	1
Her family 's wealth was a considerable factor in the match :	6	6
Well I think a blown engine falls under the catagory of mechanics right ?	8	2
Going there you learn the school does not care about the services given just about the money .	17	1
Hartpury College ( I think that is the name , but if you type it in it should come up with an alternative suggestion ) , in Gloucestershire .	28	1
The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of Ismail Khan , the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month , who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners .	21	4
This is an issue which affects aspects of everyday life .	2	1
Go to Jeju island !	3	3
In the event that you have scheduling conflicts and can not participate , any referrals at the Director or VP level would be greatly appreciated .	9	2
I have nothing but respect for people who adhear to non-violence , forgiveness , and charity , but it 's important to remember that Christians ( or ' Smartwolves ' ) do not have a monopoly on that particular lifestyle .	8	3
If you want to plant the basil in a container , make sure it 's large enough to accommodate the number of plants you 're growing ;	5	2
-- Paul , Atlanta , USA	3	4
Delhi police chief K K Paul named the man as Tariq Ahmed Dar , and said police were hunting for four accomplices .	5	2
I think it ’s important we have an original take on those things .	4	5
Just wanted to confirm our meeting on Tuesday Aug 29th from 1:30 - 2:30 to discuss U of H 's endowment proposal .	17	1
The craziest part is that they are n't even based locally at the city I 'm in - they just have ' teams ' in areas through the country .	24	1
while you 're unlikely to cause offense if you do , you may well look slightly strange .	0	3
As the evaluation report also mentions ( p. 14 ) that the organisation of Pericles actions covered all the areas relevant to the protection of the euro :	9	1
Nothing good would ever happen – and certainly not for the US .	5	1
In some respects I do n't think the first panel could have gone much better ; everyone thanked FERC for intervening ( though for different reasons ) .	4	1
The results show the anti-establishment camp successfully maintained a majority in the geographical constituencies ' seats thus veto power to any members ' bills , and also a minority larger than a third to veto any bills featuring major political reforms .	29	3
There is NO such requirement , in any country of the world .	9	1
I could easily go to Nordstrom for my designer jeans and pay the same price , but I go to the Garment District for their service .	15	1
The Effective Date ( or start date ) is 01 Oct 2001 .	2	2
Today we have two directives before us , including this one on capital income .	5	3
The following illustration shows how the PivotTable view will look after the captions of the custom group field and custom groups have been changed .	12	4
A simple follow - up phone call with a woman quickly turned into a nightmare .	14	5
They were called criminals , and the outraged law , like the bursting shells , had come to them , an insoluble mystery from over the sea .	6	2
I ’d said my prayers , talking a long time as usual with my Maker and thinking about some of the great mysteries the Father of Lights had revealed to me .	12	2
Best Electrician in Florence	2	1
Under our Constitution , this nomination can not take effect unless and until the United States Senate gives its Consent , as described in our Constitution , Article II , Section 2 .	1	2
Also known as the Personal Travel Allowance , Traveller s Allowance Fee , Traveller s Assistance Fund , Traveller s Assurance Fund and numerous other forms of “ I have to have wodges of your cash or they wo n’t let me fly ” .	34	2
And , a relationship you begin now will last a very long time - like , for the rest of your life .	11	2
Neither was this day less fortunate to his father Philip ; for on the same day he took Potidea ; >> - JOHN AUBREY , F.R.S.	19	1
The centre of the falls is known locally as ‘ Garganta Del Diablo ’ ( The Devil ’s Throat ) , where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air .	36	1
you guys want to watch the game at woodrow s tomorrow ?	10	4
Most of Shakespeare 's greatest post-1599 plays were written for the Globe , including Hamlet , Othello and King Lear .	4	4
I heard that more may be going up for sale in the next month or do .	2	2
It is a fairly standard , fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar .	7	6
London ’s landmark South Bank Tower commissioned interior designer Rachel Winham to design the show apartment .	2	4
Uncle Vernon sat back down , breathing like a winded rhinoceros and watching Harry closely out of the corners of his small , sharp eyes .	20	2
Well I recently bought the Nook Color , and I have to say that I am very happy with it .	3	3
Looking out of the window , Decoud was met by a darkness so impenetrable that he could see neither the mountains nor the town , nor yet the buildings near the harbour ; and there was not a sound , as if the tremendous obscurity of the Placid Gulf , spreading from the waters over the land , had made it dumb as well as blind . . . .	6	3
For example , you can select from the Promotions row field all the promotions that run for a specific period and create a group .	10	3
My take is that the UDCs will be indifferent to this ( maybe ? ) and our # 1 priority is to work to get the PG&E model adopted across the state .	14	1
They should be delivered this week .	0	2
Ok to book for me and my husband , Joseph .	8	1
i have talked to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say it s a routine thing when entering another country .	12	1
The promise of new Royal Navy orders to secure the Clyde shipbuilding industry was made before the Scottish independence referendum in 2014 .	7	1
It 's funny , because usually it 's just me , Mom , Craig and Danelia , and Danelia does n't really like roasted turkey or roast beef ( not that she would say it to me ! ) , so there is not just the same joy in cooking it would be elsewise .	17	2
What followed the next day is considered by the governor and Dunn to be the pivotal moment of the energy crisis .	0	2
And it was great that they did not charge a service fee to diagnose the problem - an added bonus !!	20	1
My advise to all is I have fallen into this trap ... pl ensure you do nt !!!	3	2
Talk about a beat - your - head - against - the - wall moment !	2	1
In the foreground , facing the magazine rack , a young student stood with an open magazine in his hands , staring at a picture of a naked woman .	20	1
" Honoré ( so named after Saint Honoré of Amiens , who is commemorated on 16 May , four days before Balzac 's birthday ) was actually the second child born to the Balzacs ;	16	2
Hi Mary ,	1	2
Our project of a Europe that aims to satisfy social needs envisages the convergence of living conditions towards the highest common denominator .	6	2
Using the Save As command on the File menu will save a data access page that is similar in appearance and functionality to the original report .	12	2
After this I got embraced , told to wear flannel , be sure to write often , and so on – and I left .	3	2
We see the base of the food chain , the plankton , the small things , and we see how those animals are food to animals in the middle of the pyramid , and on so up this diagram .	12	2
He preserved aspects of his earlier style in the later plays , however .	9	3
A major part of Wales , as you know , has been granted Objective 1 status under the Structural Funds programme .	18	5
" Prompted I think by the Tom Cruise video , a new obsession is taking hold on the internet . An insurgency against The Church of Scientology . " Anonymous blogger , " Anon declares war on Church of Scientology "	19	1
If you 're signed up for a class , check with your instructor to find out if there is a dress code at the school .	16	1
Upon which safeguards are we insisting ?	2	5
He had not eaten since breakfast early that morning .	4	3
I have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35 % more light / heat and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well - being of him .	7	2
These are concentrated rays , but they do not penetrate down to where we usually are .	10	2
The judge , frustrated by the apparent lack of progress , encouraged that the parties reach a negotiated compromise that would permit some limited discovery to proceed ( and the judge has directed that the government to file an Answer to the Complaint ) .	39	3
- The programme has improved awareness of the Community dimension of the euro and has also developed a greater understanding amongst the participants of the related laws and instruments and in particular of the relevant Community and broader European law .	5	5
I 'm a 20 year old female travelling by myself so it could be anything .	10	1
Amusing , since he 's a writer and a thoughtful man , anything but a tout .	9	5
After the Lord Chamberlain 's Men were renamed the King 's Men in 1603 , they entered a special relationship with the new King James .	2	2
The highly coloured lithograph of the Faithful Hero seemed to look dimly , in the light of one candle , at the man with no faith in anything except the truth of his own sensations .	2	4
According to Parker , Russian Secret Service agents are active in large numbers in Great Britain .	10	1
I would be interested in hearing what conclusions you reached and what you found that was most convincing .	2	1
1 teaspoon vanilla extract	2	4
Joke-telling is one of the best ways to ease tension , make a new friend , or light up a room .	3	1
BREYER filed a concurring opinion , in which KENNEDY , SOUTER , and GINSBURG joined .	10	3
Montalvo is holding a copy of the book Blown for Good critical of Scientology , written by Marc Headley .	13	6
Mr. ARCHIBALD : George certainly did n't seem to have any concerns about my taking over this work with the campaign workers there .	8	1
The moment they know the de-gnoming 's going on they storm up to have a look .	11	1
We have had the cat for 10 years and do nt want to leave it .	13	3
Secondly , in any case , they have to refurbish and invest in their refineries continuously .	13	3
How about empanadas arabes or other empanadas from that area of Argentina ?	12	1
I 'm sorry to say Elena 's story has been revealed to be a fake .	14	2
The term became a prominent result in searches online , and gained dominance on Web search engines including Google , Bing , and Yahoo! .	4	5
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	35	1
" Nonetheless he often spent long periods at Château De Saché , near Tours , the home of his friend Jean De Margonne , his mother 's lover and father to her youngest child .	14	1
On the issue of the contracts , the draft says that the $ 170 m is paid when the EPC contract is signed .	8	3
You do not have to claim that the holocaust never happened , and that the Jewish temple in Jerusalem never existed .	1	1
Neither was this day less fortunate to his father Philip ; for on the same day he took Potidea ; >> - JOHN AUBREY , F.R.S.	6	1
One of the more interesting of the many highrise residential buildings in Fort Lee	7	2
The labor - participation rate for women with post - secondary education is 64 % , far exceeding the 35 % rate for those with only a primary or middle - school education .	33	1
They wear extremely loud shirts , blue-green sprigged with red berries , but they strike me as good fellows and are neat and nimble about the table .	2	5
But like i said nothing ever came of It .. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up ..	26	1
He told me to remember to call like 3 times before he left .	8	1
" Go back to Stromboli , you dumb bastard , " he said .	8	4
Israel 's security interests are best served by peace with its neighbors , which can only be achieved by trading land for peace with the Palestinians .	13	3
I have worked with Shannon as my massage therapist and intuitive bodyworker for years and have never been disappointed .	15	2
The history of values is okay because wisdom is ageless ; it does n’t grow old , like material .	5	2
Feel free to cut and paste and leave your comments , as these viewpoints cover the entire gamut surrounding the event .	16	3
They convince lots of people that they are a great store , when in fact they are a very average place at best , they are just another big box store like the others .	21	1
" He left a message for everyone to see ... maybe to God himself . "	10	3
I found out they did not even drive the car , stated they looked at it before .	5	2
You are correct , I will make the appropriate changes and give you another review before sending execution papers .	0	2
The early voting suggests that this time the Latin Americans will come out to vote in greater numbers , but it is unclear whether the increase will have an impact .	26	2
His nickname is " Jafar the Pilot . "	4	3
When regarding an artwork , a viewer gathers information through a series fixations , interspersed by rapid movements of the eye called saccades .	17	5
This has not stopped investors flocking to put their money in the funds .	0	2
i had to call back up there two hours later and the lady ( who claimed to be a manager ) said my food was on the way , and she did nt offer to compensate me in any kind of way .	13	1
Someone ’s hung it up here — a hundred meters of clean gray and green twentieth-century modernism , plucked up from the river Main and suspended in the chilly air 2,360 meters up , between a lump of wooded parkland and a cluster of antique subway cars .	29	2
( 3 ) Everyone who works has the right to just and favourable remuneration ensuring for himself and his family an existence worthy of human dignity , and supplemented , if necessary , by other means of social protection .	31	5
It is the portion from this second boundary up to the outer boundary , the imaginary line that connects the lighthouse landmark at Punta del Este to the lighthouse landmark at Punta Rasa .	25	2
In fact , upon hearing the evidence , a former Pakistani prime minister confessed that he would have been more proactive in this area had he known while he was in office what he knows now .	22	2
This country can do with a few more white people like you , take it from me .	3	1
It recently published its 50,000th article , and to discuss what the site has achieved since its creation , Wikinews interviewed the site 's founder , Jack Herrick .	24	4
It sounds pretty rational that he 's saying that Bill and Melinda are at a prime spot , so starting the money hose now is a good idea , but Buffet is still keeping most of his donation inside of Berkshire where it will compound .	19	4
From about the 8th century BC city states began to appear : small , self - governing territories with their own political systems .	7	3
( Tatu , who lived for years in Moscow , chats in Russian with Stern and Schneider . )	9	1
Where in Europe ?	1	1
Tina is the driving force of the business and you can be assured that she will endevour to satisfy all your signage requirements at the most cost effective rates .	15	2
following up on our discussion yesterday ; for these types of deals , i do nt think it s necessary to have all the documentation of our counterparty 's authorization to enter into the agreement .	15	1
This project is of relevance to researchers in media studies , fan studies , information studies and digital humanities .	6	6
The way the tax law works , the tax basis for your share distribution will be based on the closing stock price the day preceding notification to the transfer agent .	15	1
In its scope it belongs to the most far - reaching cultures of the time , in which many sites are known .	10	4
He was most widely recognized for some of his books .	4	5
For example , I actually forgot to feed my cat , and they went out of their way to take care of him .	14	2
I give the floor to Mrs Green .	1	2
Grafton 's government disintegrated in 1770 , allowing the Tories led by Lord North to return to power .	11	1
The message was clear :	3	3
Using aimless motion as a technique of reversal , on his best days he could bring the outside in and thus usurp the sovereignty of inwardness .	14	3
US - trained Malaysian biochemist Yazid Sufaat met with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers in January 2000 .	0	1
service could be a little better but it s an all round good place	3	1
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement , and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what 's in the draft ?	2	2
Last year , after all was said and done , I asked Rod whether my payment structure would leave me with no / little tax liability at the end of the year .	28	2
Warning that the NHS was now under " enormous pressure , " he urged the public to take more responsibility for their own health .	9	4
The sun blazed overhead , burning the back of his neck .	7	2
Most important , despite the Russian army massed against us , we are embarking on an election campaign .	7	3
I took the cage and place it next to the couch .	0	1
It is important to note that there is also a departure tax of CUC 25 , to be paid in cash when departing Cuba by airplane ; this is not required for boat departures .	17	1
In it , Norton observed :	1	1
That brings the story to May 1972 — the time that has been the focus of so many news reports — when Bush “ deserted ” ( according to anti-Bush filmmaker Michael Moore ) or went “ AWOL ” ( according to Terry McAuliffe , chairman of the Democratic National Committee ) .	39	1
Transmission Expansion and Systems in Transition Conference Feb. 5 - 8 , 2002 , Miami , Florida	10	1
Juan Cole ( www.juancole.com ) is a professor of modern Middle East history at the University of Michigan and author of " Sacred Space and Holy War " ( I.B. Tauris , 2002 ) .	17	4
From the amount of time spent with us to explain things during the initial quote , to the communication through the approval process to the actual workmanship of the build itself .	8	1
Madam President , I would firstly like to compliment you on the fact that you have kept your word and that , during this first part - session of the new year , the number of television channels in our offices has indeed increased considerably .	35	1
Most of us still have hope for ourselves even when stuck in the darkest dilemmas , ruts and catch - 22s .	14	4
SPLOID.com cited you on the topic of that priest conviction : http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php	8	3
These findings form the basis of the European programmes to protect the Barents Sea , and that is why I would ask you to examine a draft letter setting out the most important facts and to make Parliament 's position , as expressed in the resolutions which it has adopted , clear as far as Russia is concerned .	43	1
Wilkins said , " [ Warhol ] liked the way photo booths and the Polaroid 's front flash looked " .	20	1
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they had n’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .	4	2
As I recall , this bus drops you off near the Opera in Paris .	3	1
But i paid $ 100 .	2	2
Meditation has to do with what is called ideation .	5	2
The guaranteed rates will be adjustable only for significant changes in the cost of capital or increased costs due to governmental requirements or catastrophic events . *	1	5
From this standpoint , the evaluation of the implementation of the budget may take on a dimension that overrides matters of detail .	10	2
The plain fact is that a few members of IT are pushing this initiative , but they lack commercial sponsorship .	4	2
The application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods can help Enron to improve further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor fuel .	0	2
If we are all in this thing together , let 's play nice .	3	2
You see , some snakes for no obvious reason will simply go off their food .	15	1
If you wish to no longer receive invites from your friends , you can use the unsubscribe link in the footer of the email .	7	4
Those currently listed as invitees are PUCT Commissioners and Ercot 's Sam Jones and Tom Noel .	12	3
The 1980 presidential campaign between Reagan and incumbent President Jimmy Carter was conducted during domestic concerns and the ongoing Iran hostage crisis .	16	2
In quick summary , Beyond Control , a local band in our area , is sponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run out .	15	5
On the phone , you could hear his accent .	4	2
Any suggestions would be really helpful , thanks !	6	1
They will make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent themselves .	1	2
The inscription on it was fading away , so I should set it down here as it was then , and ask my readers to ponder it :	17	2
Do you strip every woman because one pretended to be pregnant and carried a suicide bomb on her belly ?	4	3
Steve , Rod and Elyse -	0	3
Surely no more than a minute or two .	3	2
Iran sponsors Syrian terrorism , it is certainly behind much of the action in Iraq , it is fully funding the Hezbollah and , through it , the Palestinian Hamas and Islamic Jihad ; it performed acts of terror at least in Europe and in South America and probably also in Uzbekistan and Saudi Arabia and it truly leads a multi-national terror consortium , which includes , as minor players , Syria , Lebanon and certain Shiite elements in Iraq .	14	2
We all regret that the European Committee for Standardisation ( CEN ) has not been able , in the required time , to carry out the amendment of the provisions necessary for the required harmonisation within the European Union .	30	5
The aggregate functions wo n't include records containing blank ( Null ) values in their calculations .	0	2
" Wei has given some virtuoso performances with brush and ink , often incorporating several different techniques into a single work , " said Gordon S. Barrass , curator of the exhibition .	17	2
The attack was launched on Wednesday by a user labelled " Anonymous " , on the website " Insurgency Wiki " , a spinoff of 4chan .	13	1
ok well i have a crush on 2 guys but unforchunitly it is almost valentine s day afnd i just broke up with my and i have dated one of the guys i like and one guy lives in my naborhood guy i need your help i am a girl but i need a guy s help what shoul i do ?	61	1
The name is a pun referencing ants , its primary topic , science , and " non-scientific " jargon-free communication .	8	2
I ordered the MOO SHU pork and it was great ..	7	1
Overall , it is not a good solution , but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it .	30	1
I rrly seek the cehf out to introduce myself -- but the second time we went -- i made a point of asking our wait person to introduce my friend and myself to the chef to tell him just how good our meals were .	13	2
At each station , a red - capped guard presides over the platform and a wheel - tapper walks along the train with a hammer , gently knocking the undercarriage .	27	4
In a Hadith the Messenger of Allah explains that the souls of the martyrs are in the hearts of green birds that fly wherever they please in the Paradise .	15	1
Sports in the United States largely reaffirm existing relations of power in society .	11	1
The friendly crew working was great & very helpful .	7	2
Unless you plan on being late for the bridal shower you might want to post this again in the L.A. section .	14	2
He 's just been to Denmark or somewhere because his mother died .	12	1
Bangs said his agency is still reviewing the decision .	9	1
In Brazil , a television program on the role that folic - acid supplementation could play in the prevention of spina bifida ( a congenital neural tube defect ) immediately grabbed politicians ' attention .	16	1
You wonder if he was manipulating the market with his bombing targets .	5	6
Police in B.C. said earlier Klein did not appear to have a criminal history and released vague details about his recent whereabouts .	18	3
The original people of the islands are the Moriori , who were descended from the Maori of mainland New Zealand , but who developed their own culture and variant of the language .	21	2
By comparison , outdoor cats have a life expectancy of 3 - 7 years depending on how many predators are in the local environment .	9	1
Long after his death , similar structures were built in the form of the San Francisco – Oakland Bay Bridge and the Transbay Tube , and there have been campaigns to rename the bridge " The Emperor Norton Bridge " .	36	4
Sun. Oct. 1 - Paris to London in afternoon - probably by Eurostar train - ( arrv. London late afternoon )	14	1
If you also specify the end value as 31-Dec-1999 , the following groups will be created :	6	3
If You create a Derivative Work , upon notice from any Licensor You must , to the extent practicable , remove from the Derivative Work any reference to such Licensor or the Original Author , as requested .	30	1
remember to bring cash since they do n't take debit or credit .	10	1
I do n't remember the exact cost but remember thinking how inexpensive it was .	4	2
Cockroaches fled , pausing , from what they regarded as positions of safety , to twirl their antennae .	6	2
The nature of the message :	2	1
Besides parking is a pain .. cramped and un-ruly with Kumon Parents next door .... gives me heebee gee bees'	11	4
As a young man , he had published several books of poetry , had written plays , critical essays , and had worked on a number of long translations .	12	1
Such safeguard measures shall not be invoked as a means of arbitrary discrimination or a disguised restriction on trade between Member States .	16	6
However , the filter settings are retained , so that when you turn autofiltering back on , the data that was previously displayed or hidden is again displayed or hidden .	17	2
On April 12 , 1981 , Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center on STS-1 , the first space shuttle mission .	15	3
So I say you should go for the more updated Nook Tablet .	6	2
They have undoubtedly recognized their failure in the Arab world and may even be preparing to reopen diplomatic relations with Israel .	9	3
The exact year of the marriage of Herod Antipas and Herodias is subject to debate among scholars .	7	3
I guess Mom is going to come back down sometime in March or April to see the new baby .	6	2
2005 is bound to bring at least one major success in the love department , and your career will be brimming with new enthusiasm and innovation .	6	3
With extra blackworms and maybe frozen ( defrosted , rinsed ) frozen foods earlier in the day , they may leave 30 - 40 eggs at a time .	8	1
The man seemed young – almost a boy – but you know with them it 's hard to tell .	2	3
I would recommend Bayside Chiropractic to anyone who is in need of a regular adjustment or is suffering from a chronic condition .	19	1
He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .	19	2
Even so , estimates of the prevalence of perceived discrimination remains rare ( see [ 13 – 14 ] ) .	4	1
Some of the younger kids that work there are a bit sub par , but if you wait for Nick ... you 'll be good .	25	1
You all remember the Iraqi Minister of Information , Mr. Mouhamad Said al - Sahaf and his press conferences when the US forces were already inside Baghdad .	2	4
Most people choose cars , but if headed to a central area , such as Main Street , it is best to drive there , park in a municipal parking lot , and walk around from there .	11	2
Prove , to your parents ' satisfaction , that you , not they , will be the one actually taking care of your new pet .	23	2
Ayad Allawi , and other ministers running on his list , have quite expectedly used their governmental positions in campaigning .	10	1
The food is excellent , but very overpriced .	2	1
In June 2012 , the Icelandic band Sigur Rós released a video for the song " Fjögur Píanó " , starring LaBeouf , in which he appears nude .	0	1
Food here is absolutely superb .	5	1
The nurses are sweet as pie and the doctor is wonderful .	6	2
The Contract Quantity shall be quantity submitted by Counterparty via EnronOnline ( 5 % greater or lesser allowance at Seller 's option ) .	0	2
As for the heat , just be sure to use a thermometer .	0	1
Yes , being better connected with each other , through Facebook or Twitter , is valuable .	8	1
Now I 'm the youngest and I just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it 's a good thing ?	25	1
Per my voicemail message , please review the note below .	10	1
Kindest regards ,	0	4
The Commission , however , though bound to issue guidelines , does so only reluctantly and in a vague manner .	12	1
We order take out from here all the time and we are never disappointed .	11	2
I was fixing to buy an indian ringneck , did a bunch of research , ( I 'm a very experienced bird owner , macaws , cockatoos , amazons ) ,	26	5
I understand all of those comparisons , however , the reality is if we lose Dean ( which we will if we do n't pay 65 k + 10 k ) , we will end up hiring a replacement at 75 - 80 k .	17	3
What ’s funny to a group of 20-year old college students may be very different from what makes your 70-year old - uncle laugh ( then again , maybe not ) .	11	2
Umar Islam , 28 , ( born Brian Young ) High Wycombe	2	1
This is the year you 'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you 're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life .	13	2
I wish I had the capital to open my own shop ?	1	2
Wire cages are NOT acceptable for dwarfs really , unless the bars have less than half a cm between them .	12	2
We welcome discussion about our efforts and the possibilities of applying this in other contexts .	11	2
As they design their web pages for the newer browsers with advanced web technology and geared to the newest web core markup language HTML 5 , they are forced to accommodate older out-of-date technology to support IE6 users .	8	3
By March of '68 the Dow had fallen to 825 , only to climb to a highly speculative peak of 985 in December of '68 .	3	2
1562 St Teresa , a Spanish reformer , includes chess in her writings .	11	2
You can :	0	2
On its journey across the Bay of Bengal the freighter was tracked by the Indian navy and Orissa - based spy planes of India 's Aviation Research Center ; it was intercepted by Indian naval vessels off Sri Lanka 's east coast .	12	1
Under the accord , a new northeastern provincial council was formed and the Indian army was deployed as peacekeepers in the north and east .	18	6
I 've read some of the reviews below and would like to state that yes , like any other doctor s office there is sometimes a wait ( depending on what other patients are being seen for ) and some of the tests and procedures that are ran can be costly ( just like they would be for any other medical tests elsewhere if you do not have insurance ) ...	10	2
Not to mention that the wait staff was about as pleasant as dealing with an angry bull .	10	4
This name was formed by using COMp , for computer , and PAQ to denote a small integral object .	4	1
colorado beat texas a&m .	0	4
Most playwrights of the period typically collaborated with others at some point , and critics agree that Shakespeare did the same , mostly early and late in his career .	4	3
I had therefore been hoping for a common sense reply , Commissioner , not a technical one .	7	3
One study found that in 2009 , across a variety of industries in the US , intellectual capital – patents , copyrights , databases , brands , and organizational knowledge – held a 44 % share of firms ' overall market value .	32	1
Stephanie , I my preference is to kick their Password Application back and get them to change it to read something like " Cargill Ferrous International , a division of Cargill , Inc. " or " Cargill , Inc. acting through its Cargill Ferrous International Division " .	8	3
You would think they were praying to it .	2	3
If the weight is going into your heels ( it throws your leg forward ) put the stirrups up against the heel of your boot .	6	2
One of the most dramatic plot developments in the source material ( Martin , 2000 ) was adapted to the screen in the penultimate episode of the third season , “ The Rains of Castamere ” ( Benioff & Weiss , 2013 ) .	37	4
This will get you on the RER B line going into town .	0	2
Rooms were clean , plenty of things to do near hotel , and safe part of town .	10	3
The back of my jersey says " The Poet ' because growing up that was my nickname .	1	2
There is a risk that observers underestimate the time that Al Qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and development .	24	1
It 's fantastic that they got the Paris Agreement but their contributions at the moment are nowhere near the 1.5 - degree target .	15	2
Bruce Reilly ( a.k.a Bruha ) P.O. Box 8274 Cranston , RI 02920 USA	8	2
With no link provided it is hard to say .	0	2
Try visiting the kittens a few times a day for short periods of time .	10	3
After a number of people began complaining about " mystery deaths " among incubating eggs , some of the more advanced killie people began suggesting that after 7 - 8 days of incubation , one should do a 100 % water change - as the eggs develop , they do release waste material .	40	3
The target for NASA & Company probably to get by 2018 all the ambitious space program countries shifting towards this model , through the propaganda of another moon mission ; deliberately failing this or trying hard for another moon landing hoax ; achieving the real aim of space unity between space programs of other countries .	22	4
The origin of the word Hispania is much disputed and the evidence for the various speculations are based merely upon what are at best mere resemblances , likely to be accidental , and suspect supporting evidence .	4	2
What Ukraine needs is a sharp reduction in corruption , as well as real legitimacy ( through the ballot box ) for people who want to rein in the influence of oligarchs – a group that has sapped the economy through plunder and incompetence over the past two decades .	6	5
North Korea ’s Kim Jong Ill also has the bomb at the top of his list and Santa seems to have already come a few years ago .	5	2
She was way easy to work with and made my wedding day so easy and she got some amazing pictures , not only of me , but of my family and friends .	24	1
I met you at the Risk conference last week in Houston .	11	1
That led to revelations over the last two days that at least six other Quebec journalists were targeted by provincial police surveillance operations .	12	2
These changes , while significant , were concentrated in the elite , and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages .	3	3
The salads are limp and the rest of the food is n't any better ( ok , the nachos are not too bad ! )	13	3
I have asked Doug Daniels to prepare the settlement papers reflecting such an agreement .	5	1
LOL Callum	0	2
Any thorough assessment of the impact of the Iraq war and its aftermath on Israel 's security environment must , therefore , closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfare .	2	5
I am out of the office today but will be back tomorrow .	7	2
Thanks .	1	1
I know that the mouse will probably die , but I was wondering if there is any cure for mouse poison ?	4	3
For them , dating would normally be meeting in groups or parties , then pairing off .	8	1
In the Kowloon East geographical constituency , pro-Beijing district councillor Wilson Or was elected with 51,516 votes , the highest in this constituency .	14	2
Over the past 50 years , the destruction of habitat surrounding agricultural land has degraded approximately 40 % of agricultural land worldwide via erosion , salinization , compaction , nutrient depletion , pollution , and urbanization .	2	2
4.7 m - Number of bankruptcies that were declared during Bush 's first three years in office .	15	1
Peter Dale Scott includes an account of how Terrell 's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book Cocaine Politics .	17	2
The late romances , with their shifts in time and surprising turns of plot , inspired a last poetic style in which long and short sentences are set against one another , clauses are piled up , subject and object are reversed , and words are omitted , creating an effect of spontaneity .	45	2
Please let me know what is possible , and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions ( 978-376-9004 ) .	23	1
Last year , after all was said and done , I asked Rod whether my payment structure would leave me with no / little tax liability at the end of the year .	27	2
Monday , May 18 , 2015	1	1
If the correct legal name is not in Global Counterparty , the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on it seriously compromising the contract itself .	4	2
In a communique , the AMS said that for Iraqis to take part with " raiding forces " in the assault on a city , the population of which is Muslim ( such as Fallujah ) would be considered the most mortal of mortal sins .	0	1
Caution : Do Not Touch .	0	4
Break with a Banshee by Gilderoy Lockhart	4	1
Al Qaeda 's anthrax production plans on Khalid Mohammed 's computer did not evidence knowledge of advanced techniques in the most efficient biological weapons .	13	4
1 . The short forms do not contain the optionality relating to our performing billing services -- all of our midmarket forms anticipate that we will act as customer 's billing agent and that we will collect all amounts due related to T&D and the like from the customer ( and reflect same on our invoice ) and pass those amounts on to the customer 's utility .	65	1
PS Your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games ( when I found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in Shreveport ( I ca n't remember the name of it )) I realized he is a very , very sick college football fan .	38	1
Many aspects of the transition have already been successfully debated and worked out , for example continuity in Kong 's civil service .	17	1
She has no experience with snakes and has never held one .	5	3
" Rode from Ramlah to Lydda , " Herman Melville wrote in his travel journal of 1857 .	11	1
There was a vast amount of red – good to see at any time , because one knows that some real work is done in there , a deuce of a lot of blue , a little green , smears of orange , and , on the East Coast , a purple patch , to show where the jolly pioneers of progress drink the jolly lager-beer .	45	1
Hope there is useful grist for the mill here .	8	2
The decision was made by ISO upper management with one goal in mind : to keep the lights on .	4	1
Its adoption was an act of economic hubris that has imposed costs well beyond Europe 's borders .	15	1
Many times mice are drawn into homes on the search for food .	3	2
International law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones , stands behind them and shoots with immunity and can not be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government .	31	5
Recall how a few years ago , just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers , the financial sector prided itself on its innovativeness .	1	2
The papers found at headquarters of the Mukhabarat , Iraq 's secret police , show that an entourage from Al Qaeda group was sent to the Iraqi capital in March 1998 from Sudan .	5	1
Hiller asked Bush to name the leaders of Chechnya , Taiwan , India and Pakistan .	0	3
The data must be in a format that Access recognizes , either in a native format or through the use of a schema .	14	3
( You do n't need to use their site , you can opt - out of sharing your information , you do n't need to send stuff to anyone with a Gmail account , and if -- wonder of wonders -- you 're worried that you might send something to someone who would forward an excerpt to someone who would then store it on a Gmail account ... you have far , far too much time on your hands ) .	50	4
Soon , however , Shakespeare began to adapt the traditional styles to his own purposes .	0	2
In all , we received requests for 61 persons outside of Enron to host an eSpeak event .	8	4
I have the impression that the honourable Member believes the public invitation to tender in connection with the tunnel has already started .	22	1
He has been compared to Charles Dickens and has been called one of Dickens ' influences .	5	4
I launched LibriVox , emailed some friends and some podcasters who where doing literary stuff , and invited them to record a chapter of Joseph Conrad 's Secret Agent .	11	3
It was so successful that the military continued to use it for many years after the war , and it was still in use in some countries in the 1980s .	1	2
China wanted an overland route through its own territory , which would give it ultimate control if hostilities broke out .	13	1
How about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston time .	4	2
After talking with you and Professors Titman , Brown and Jemison , I was sure that UT was the right place to continue learning about energy - finance .	3	2
I think Valerie Mooney ( our credit person ) and Ed Sacks are still discussing some minor fine tuning of the LOC format .	2	4
complete with original Magnavox tubes - all tubes have been tested they are all good - stereo amp	16	3
Secondly , I believe that it is time for the European Parliament to set an example .	13	2
With the default installation of the Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Desktop Engine with integrated security , the user must be a member of the administrator group for the machine on which the Access project resides .	9	2
We have a great squad and it is an opportunity for us to take the ship forward .	13	2
In other places , it may mean increasing women 's access to markets , or introducing labor - saving tools to help them get the highest yield from their land .	24	2
Maybe one day they will allow space tourism , ( hopefully that will be in the near future ) although I would recommend that NASA build new shuttles instead of trying to preserve the older ones .	26	2
These are 1 ) Assassinate or overthrow Gen. Pervez Musharraf , the Pakistani military " president " who had made a coup in 1999 and has thrown in his lot with the United States against the Taliban and al - Qaeda .	8	3
A package and some wedding cards were left in our first room .	3	2
None of us will be using their services again , which is a shame .	1	1
Vomiting , bad breath , and listlessness .	1	1
Creating and deleting custom groups and custom group fields	6	3
In fact , agriculture offers the continent its best opportunity to turn a vicious cycle of poverty into a virtuous cycle of development .	18	1
Canadian student visa , can I used for other schools ?	5	1
As a result , the transnationality and multidisciplinarity required under Article 3 of the Pericles Decision have been respected , with the latter pursued both at the level of professional background of the participants and in terms of the content of the actions .	10	4
Those organisms that paired with fungi were rewarded , because fungi do not need light .	14	3
Under President Hu Jintao , Beijing has opened out to New Delhi and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao is expected to visit early next year , making friends by formally accepting Sikkim as part of India and backing India as a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council -- thus leaving Washington as the only one of the " permanent five " that has not yet done so .	59	2
China is seeking the construction of a pipeline from Iran to the Caspian Sea , where it would link with another planned pipeline running from Kazakhstan to China .	27	3
You can export just the data from a table , query , datasheet , form , or report into an XML file .	12	5
Please give me lots of links and places to look !	5	3
One of them is the channels that NBC as the broadcasting rights owner for the United States will use to air the Paralympic Games on .	23	3
Xinhua reports that a wide range of Iraqi political forces on Tuesday condemned Sharon 's murder of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , a religious leader of Hamas , the day before .	14	1
Rude and Untrustworthy	2	6
After that , what do we do ?	1	2
Yes , it 's a valid reflection of America - we do have cities like this .	11	1
This is my first time posting to the list , so I feel somewhat embarrassed by " promoting " a song I wrote , but I think it is fitting because it is directly tied to extreme animal suffering as a result of human lack of empathy , but an abundance of human greed .	53	3
Attorney General Ashcroft explained that an " either - or " approach is not useful .	4	2
In the immutability of their surroundings the foreign shores , the foreign faces , the changing immensity of life , glide past , veiled not by a sense of mystery but by a slightly disdainful ignorance ; for there is nothing mysterious to a seaman unless it be the sea itself , which is the mistress of his existence and as inscrutable as Destiny .	63	4
he has been drinking water ( i am pretty sure he has been drinking it out of his bowl , but also i have been feeding him water and he does n't ever give me a problem with that - i just stick his head near the water and he sucks it down . )	15	2
" Today " , said Hugo at the ceremony , " we have a people in black because of the death of the man of talent ;	11	1
In the Episode " So in Louvre Are We Two " , How many diffrent painting / scupltures are their and who are the artists ?	8	1
Any suggestions and helpful hints to make this a more positive experience would be extremely appreciated .	10	4
It is also hard , on the other hand , to expect countries to surrender sovereignty over their national health systems .	5	1
As a result of that , she has managed on several occasions over the years to detract from my enjoyment of playing Trivial Pursuit or watching Jeopardy by absolutely obliterating me ( The girl actually did her senior thesis on Trivia ) .	22	4
In 1937 , Nida undertook studies at the University of Southern California , where he obtained a master 's degree in New Testament Greek in 1939 .	16	1
YES I am sure , well , she says , is that ON 17th STREET .	2	1
He looked up at the vaulted ceiling of the great hall and studied the fresco of constellations .	12	4
I guess it 's just the old new Arab ' Me against my brother , me and my brother against my cousin , me and my cousin against my enemy ' , or ' The enemy of my enemy is my friend ' thing going on again .	11	4
Best jiu - jitsu mma in Santa Rosa and i have the experience and belt to back it up !	9	1
Do You Yahoo! ?	0	1
And before Harry could stop him , Dobby bounded off the bed , seized Harry 's desk lamp , and started beating himself around the head with ear-splitting yelps .	2	3
Its body will be dull looking , too .	1	2
Last year she came up to me during one of the games late in the season ; she was so happy we were going to the post season .	5	1
The tracks in the demo are from submicron carbonyl iron particles that were shot into aerogel using a particle accelerator modified to accelerate dust particles to very high speeds , to simulate the interstellar dust impacts that we 're looking for .	14	2
You can specify the font and font size for text in a control .	11	1
His last major tragedies , Antony and Cleopatra and Coriolanus , contain some of Shakespeare 's finest poetry and were considered his most successful tragedies by the poet and critic T. S. Eliot .	0	2
In the 20-minute PlayStation VR demonstration of Batman : Arkham VR , players are dropped down a secret elevator in Bruce Wayne 's manor , to the Bat Cave , to suit up .	1	2
Within 24 hours every Communist assault had been defeated except in the ancient capital of Hue .	2	3
In the outer group level , the header section contains fields from the Orders table and the footer section contains a calculated total control named OrderValue .	17	3
Seeing the nature and wild life that if you keep quiet you can get up close and personal .	17	4
The negative effects of falling population growth can be mitigated by easing restrictions on international migration , and by encouraging more women and retirees to enter or stay in the workforce .	31	1
The trees were in magnificent shape and the variety was astounding .	4	6
Modern English Grammar on Historical Principles ( 1909 – 1949 ) , concentrated on morphology and syntax , and Growth and Structure of the English Language ( 1905 ) is a comprehensive view of English by someone with another native language , and still in print , over 70 years after his death and more than 100 years after publication .	49	3
Prevention has to be our answer to disasters of this kind and this draft Directive is an important step towards well - trained safety advisers being available , so that the right action is taken in good time .	29	2
This is why we will be approving the report which has been presented to us .	4	2
But there is a way of looking at a halter that would provoke the most charitable of saints into a kick .	17	3
Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $ 400 !!	15	2
You may want to see if you can get in touch with their EPM group and get this guy in a study .	11	2
The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mother s father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that 's a common misconception ( http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm ) .	12	1
The best option , now , under the present difficult circumstances is for Colombo to do its own dirty work , although New Delhi can always be counted on to render good neighborly help because of the shared belief that religion , ethnicity and language can not be the basis for secession .	7	2
This visa , which is really little more than a piece of paper on which you list your vital statistics , costs between 15 - 25 CUC ( or € 15 - 25 ) , depending on where purchased .	4	1
As I will say in the debate on the Erika disaster , we do not wait until there is a disaster to deal with the question of safety , but we work on it even when there are no such circumstances , which simply serve to demonstrate the urgency for an effective response to this type of problem .	9	3
I will walk outside and he will stand at the door and stare at me or run away .	2	2
Everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration , without distinction of any kind , such as race , colour , sex , language , religion , political or other opinion , national or social origin , property , birth or other status .	15	4
The reality is that it stands for and operationalizes US power , in cooperation with America 's closest allies .	12	1
Rowe was the first biographer to record the tradition , repeated by Johnson , that Shakespeare retired to Stratford ' some years before his death ' .	23	2
Madam President , Mrs Díez González and I had tabled questions on certain opinions of the Vice - President , Mrs De Palacio , which appeared in a Spanish newspaper .	12	4
Best in HR so far !	0	2
46 - Percentage of Republican federal judges when Bush came to office .	11	3
And not only did he select the authors , it was probably he who translated the Arabic manuscript back into Spanish .	18	2
Let me know what you think .	3	2
The last I checked , the Satanists have a long way to go to catch up with the death and destruction dealt out by self - proclaimed ( though false ) Christians .	18	3
Gameplay was delayed during the " third map " ( third round ) of the finals , when one Immortals player was caught with their headset off .	21	2
Pericles , the Community programme for exchange , assistance and training in the protection of the euro against counterfeiting , was established by Council Decision of 17 December 2001 ( 2001 / 923 / EC ) and is designed to support and supplement the measures undertaken by the Member States and in existing programmes to protect the euro against counterfeiting .	48	3
13 - Number of vacation days the average American receives each Year .	1	1
An enhanced position signoff process will be implemented prior to end Q1 covering gross tonnage , spread positions and summarised analyses for brand and locations .	0	1
If you 're looking to buy a car , definitely give them a call .	9	5
The consequences of maternal malnutrition are far - reaching , including higher child - mortality rates , more birth defects , increased susceptibility to infection , and specific nutritional deficiencies that can lock a child into a vicious cycle of poor health early in life .	45	1
Parmesan has spent much of her career studying the checkerspot butterfly , which migrates between Mexico and southern California .	3	2
Darius 's highly regarded commander Megabazus was responsible to fulfill the conquers in the Balkans .	13	2
Even if you did melt it , I doubt you foresaw the issues of handling it and pouring it .	18	1
I 'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow .	12	1
So I brought the car back the second day .	1	1
Whether you are looking for a part - time income to help pay off your debts or you are looking for the freedom offered by working from home on a full time basis , Agel is the vehicle that can make that happen .	18	2
Our distinguished colleagues in this business transaction include the sitting vice-president of the United States of America , Richard Cheney , who is an original partner in the Iraq venture and former head of the Halliburton oil company , and Condoleeza Rice , whose professional dedication to the venture was demonstrated in the naming of a Chevron oil tanker after her .	47	2
Either I suck at my own style or Janice is a genius .	12	1
As a mytouch 4g owner I know the phone is pretty fast and their is no point installing a rom .	15	1
I would highly recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a quality tattoo done .	3	5
Member States are urged to attach greater importance to integrated strategies for revitalising relations between towns and rural areas .	7	5
Will we choose to live in harmony with this planet or crash and burn in a conflagration of arrogance and disregard ?	14	1
His preferred method was to eat a light meal at five or six in the afternoon , then sleep until midnight .	11	1
Then he called Virginia Stillman and got another busy signal .	5	2
Messages will not be delivered simultaneously to all users in the same domain , nor will they be delivered for two to five hours after they are sent by the message administrator .	18	5
He cross examined witnesses relentlessly and had them break down and tell the truth .	7	2
For example , you can group the values in the ShippedDate field into months to show data for orders shipped in January , orders shipped in February , and so on .	6	2
I have been extremely pleased with the signs and pop - up banners she has supplied to me over the years - a truly first class family business run by Tina and her husband Chris .	15	4
Any plans for the weekend ?	4	4
" Well , if you ever just want to see me I 'll come out and look him over and then we can grab a coffee after . "	23	2
Certainly the affair was too stupid – when I think of it – to be altogether natural .	16	4
( Her voice mail says she 's out of the office until Monday . )	3	2
Some 200,000 guns the US sent to Iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists , it was feared yesterday .	2	2
The Kerry camp blames Bush for the Swift boat veterans ’ attack , but anyone who has spent much time talking to the Swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons .	11	3
The best pizza ever i m fat so i ve had a ton of pizza other than pizza from chicago it s the best	18	2
Connect with more than 800 million potential customers .	7	5
That India is not Yugoslavia and that the " foreigner - led " Indian National Congress can least afford to ignore Indian nationalism , has not struck the conferees , among whom have been several Indian " scholars " and " analysts " ready to say and endorse anything for the sake of a free trip to New York or Vienna .	17	3
Gosier : maybe one of the most interesting places of Guadeloupe to enjoy nightlife .	11	1
Once a white man in an unbuttoned uniform , camping on the path with an armed escort of lank Zanzibaris , very hospitable and festive – not to say drunk .	10	1
Therefore he whacked the old nigger mercilessly , while a big crowd of his people watched him , thunderstruck , till some man , – I was told the chief 's son , – in desperation at hearing the old chap yell , made a tentative jab with a spear at the white man – and of course it went quite easy between the shoulder-blades .	0	5
She had taken out of storage the furniture and family possessions that had been nothing but a nuisance to her when they left England together twenty years ago , and , putting them in place , inevitably had accepted the life the arrangement of such objects provided for , and her comfortable private income made possible .	12	2
There are no understandings , agreements or representations with respect to the Work not specified here .	14	5
The Donuts were very over proofed , making them stale and bready .	7	3
" We 've got to go out of our way to Rome for more of their special meals . "	15	3
As with so much climate research , not everyone agrees with these dire predictions .	5	4
He seems to have wished for the Senate and the state to simply act without him and his direct orders were rather vague , inspiring debate more on what he actually meant than on passing his legislation .	14	4
They also have the best tea I ever had , not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores , I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .	23	1
From childhood to old age they remained the same , and a man with the head to see it could theoretically look into the eyes of a boy in a photograph and recognize the same person as an old man .	23	2
I go to see her to have my hair cut .	10	1
and the verse in The Two Gentlemen of Verona has been described as stilted .	1	2
We look forward to your response .	0	1
Already I 'm considering future projects , and I can assure you that for my printing needs I will be choosing no other than Atlanta Paperback Book Printing .	18	2
A significantly higher cost which clearly exceeds the average of the countries that adopt the single currency , which is equal to 1,365 euros per litre .	12	2
Nearly 30,000 people packed the streets of San Francisco to pay him homage at his funeral .	12	3
Friday is a bad day ( Performance Review Committee all day ) .	10	2
One of my most cherished dualities is the understanding that we are both autonomous individuals with the power to shape our personal destinies and at the same time we are all one , that there is no separation between you and I , we are all together in this thing called life , we human beings , the birds and the tress , the rocks and the sky , all of it .	67	2
In the near future collective choices will need to be made .	1	2
Hope you day is going well and that the move to 30 went off without a hitch .	6	2
For a man so skilled in the art of disguise , darkening his skin and donning the clothes of a Moor could not have been very difficult .	6	2
Cons : * Server was n't very pleasant * Pretty small portion on the blackened catfish * Overcooked food * Time , took about 25 minutes from ordering to eating .	17	5
The Air Force only selected 180 Officers a year from the Academy , Squadron Officer School and ROTC to attend .	5	2
To be sure , both Lopez & Perez were conversos -- but they were thought of in England as being , as they undoubtedly were , at least ethnically , Jews . >>	22	2
Harry heard from Hogwarts one sunny morning about a week after he had arrived at The Burrow .	9	2
PivotTable view with custom groups	2	2
Mrs Clinton has a reputation for a hawkish outlook , but this will be tempered by war - weary public opinion in the US .	18	3
In line with the above analysis and in the light of the conclusions of the evaluator of Pericles , this Communication is accompanied by a proposal for the adaptation and continuation of Pericles .	31	1
is there anything similar with The Onion where they continually revisit a topic or person ?	15	1
We do n't want it to be too cold ( not sure when exactly there fall is ... or what the weather is really like there during our autumn months ) , but we do n't feel like we need to go right in the middle of summer either .	4	1
I say , NO , I am at the RADISON WARWICK HOTEL in Rittenhouse Square .	4	1
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page , we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers .	17	2
Once a white man in an unbuttoned uniform , camping on the path with an armed escort of lank Zanzibaris , very hospitable and festive – not to say drunk .	1	1
This is a sine-qua-non , and it would seem unnecessary to keep stressing it .	8	2
A new explosion outside a coffee shop on the Jaffa Road : six young people killed and thirty-eight more wounded .	18	2
Our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the LC transferable .	17	3
It s all interesting stuff .	2	2
We have updated our site to include a LOST and FOUND page and you can now join our branch and make a secure on - line donation to the charity .	13	2
“ There have no business being there unless they are undermining Pakistan , ’’ says a Pakistani official .	0	1
The two paintings by Lucas Cranach the Elder on display are especially eye - catching .	4	3
Going back after graduating you r told you get a discount on services nope you do nt .	15	1
They spent a lot of time with me and got me into a great pair of shoes .	15	1
Earlier this year Seagal was given Serbian nationality after offering to set up a martial arts school in the capital Belgrade .	8	3
XML syntax ( the tags and their placement in a document ) defines and describes the data in an XML document but does n't indicate how the data should be displayed .	13	2
Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today .	15	2
In January 2011 , Blunt began filming an American science - fiction film , Looper , directed by Rian Johnson and co-starring Bruce Willis and Joseph Gordon - Levitt ; the film was released in September 2012 .	37	1
We 've had a crate made to transport Fritzi , and she 's been trying it on him .	11	2
Feel the meaning , do n't just think of its wordy meaning or try to translate from Sanskrit ( BABA NAM KEVALAM ) to an English meaning ( Infinite peace and happiness ) .	31	5
Veronique stayed with me that night , lying next to me in my blankets and furs .	8	2
I flung out of his hut ( he lived all alone in a clay hut with a sort of veranda ) muttering to myself my opinion of him .	10	3
The results of the Australian National Iodine Nutrition Study published in the Medical Journal of Australia this week , revealed that children in mainland Australia are borderline iodine deficient .	10	1
Direct access connections might enable users to access EnronOnline more quickly than is currently possible through internet access .	13	5
They were men enough to face the darkness .	1	2
jill allen finishes her cpa today and she and her friends are going to party .	12	3
worse , accepting Russia 's terms would ratify the idea that powerful countries may bully less powerful neighbors into doing their bidding , to the point of surrendering their independence .	10	2
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar 's property ) .	11	1
In the afternoon , often following his lunch , he would sit on a bench and gaze out across the Hudson .	5	5
Bray surprised her by asking her to dance , swaying stiffly to a rhythm he did n't know , but nevertheless keeping the beat , so that they would n't make fools of themselves among the complicated gyrations of the Africans .	32	1
All the carriers were speaking together , and in the midst of the uproar the lamentable voice of the chief agent was heard ' giving it up ' tearfully for the twentieth time that day ...	9	2
I 'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually , I 'm sure I do n't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me .	8	2
They said they were " unable to tell me until they ordered my dress " .	14	1
" We 've got to go out of our way to Rome for more of their special meals . "	13	2
I 'm very frustrated at this point - it would take all of 10 min for them to come by and replace the one board that is cracked ( the crack is deep enough to stick a penny in it and it goes clear through ) yet they do not want to take the time to bother with what once WAS a happy customer and has now become a dissatisfied customer .	28	1
From Mérida , it is easy to take day trips to a vast array of destinations : archaeological sites , ecological parks , typical villages , caves , beaches , colonial missions and more .	3	1
Be so good , " he says .	6	2
I spoke to Bob Bruce this morning - we 're all set on the language in the Schedule to the ISDA , and there is a minor credit / billing issue in Paragraph 13 related to the timing of transfer of interest on collateral that Val will discuss with Ed as well .	0	1
It had been a marriage of convenience to preserve her family 's fortune .	8	4
During the first stages of Romanization , the peninsula was divided in two by the Romans for administrative purposes .	0	3
The murder weapon , Robinson 's letter opener :	6	3
Mr Weasley 's eyes jerked open .	0	1
If you concentrate on that feel just before the trot you can figure it out and the timing is essential to push her at that instant .	25	4
In addition to encouraging foreign direct investment , the EU could provide support to train local companies ' managers and help them develop their business strategies , with service providers remunerated by equity stakes or profit - sharing .	23	3
<< Stipulation -ECT-KEDNE re IGTS & Tennessee Cap Releases -FINAL.doc >>	0	1
the waitress took my name and then called me that all night .	8	1
His first histories , which draw heavily on the 1587 edition of Raphael Holinshed 's Chronicles of England , Scotland , and Ireland , dramatise the destructive results of weak or corrupt rule and have been interpreted as a justification for the origins of the Tudor dynasty .	2	5
** and i can upload my pictures and videos on the computer ( facebook )	7	2
If you want a CD copy of this web site , give me a yell .	2	2
He and his master dragged me to my room and held judgment upon me as a convicted traitress .	4	4
Unfortunately , our partners from 1991 are not willing to shoulder the burden of this new venture , which in its upcoming phase may cost the sum of 100 billion to 200 billion dollars ( $ 100,000,000,000 - $ 200,000,000,000 ) , both in the initial acquisition and in long - term management .	42	2
He was a thin man , going bald , but the little hair he had was as red as any of his children 's .	3	2
- With a view to enabling the assessment of the effect of the programme , among others on the convergence of high level training for trainers , the evaluator recommends the preparation of a strategy document , to be finalised before the new Pericles enters into effect .	7	5
I would rate Fran pcs an A + because the price was lower than everyone else , i got my computer back the next day , and the professionalism he showed was great .	2	2
In " The Growth of Modern Finance " , Robin Greenwood and David Scharfstein of Harvard Business School show that the share of finance in US GDP almost doubled between 1980 and 2006 , just before the onset of the financial crisis , from 4.9 % to 8.3 % .	3	3
The sitting was suspended at 11.25 a.m. until voting time at 11.30 a.m. .	7	3
It will also give us a future in the two very important industries that we can not ignore and ensure Europe 's future prosperity .	6	3
1/2 teaspoon baking soda	0	2
For that reason the Commission believes that it is still too early to fix limit values for fuel quality for the year 2005 .	7	1
If you have not already made these decisions , Essie 's guidance should be helpful .	1	2
Serving as a global model for urban rebirth , Cleveland has been named one of the top 10 international visitor hotspots by Travel and Leisure magazine .	4	3
This place is identical to the Youngstown Sports Grille , so I imagine they are owned / operated by the same people .	20	2
All Aries natives may have to tighten their belts and curb their desire for constant expansion .	3	2
On Monday , Louis Lamonica , 45 , the former pastor of Hosanna Church , was booked with two counts of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature after he walked in to the Livingston Parish Sheriff 's Office and said he could implicate others in a situation at the church that reportedly occurred two years ago .	24	2
I understand how competitive the process has become , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , personality , extracurricular activities , etc. that this would compensate for my disability .	23	5
The education is horrible at best , do society a favor , and do NOT send your student here .	9	1
He will be in Calgary in a couple of weeks and will interview you then .	12	5
Subject : Where can I get the necessary software to get a " smart " mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps ? ( E.g. , pathalias , smail , etc. )	16	3
At the same time , an Iranian Opposition Group released what they call proof of a covert nuclear weapons program .	8	3
And MEK -- the Iranian ( not Iraqi ) terror group in question -- is itself unquestionably a cult :	17	1
The portions were generous and we got out for less than the cost of one entree at some chain restaurant .	13	1
He sits down , saying that the influence of Yasir Arafat is evidently weakening and fading .	2	2
The Commission has proposed fuel specifications for the year 2000 .	3	4
If we look at the situation where safety advisers are concerned , in a number of countries it is compulsory to employ such safety advisers in companies as from 1 January of this year .	17	1
Before coming to Acupuncture DOCTOR I was a big baby about needles and only came because my boyfriend 's aunt recommended it .	15	4
I dropped off a sheet metal piece that I needed copied due to th it was needing to be replaced .	12	1
This was simple prudence , white men being so much alike at a distance that he could not tell who I might be .	23	1
( I 've been through at least 5 places already . )	10	1
is a start tag and is an end tag which together describe an element of data , in this case , the customer 's name .	19	2
An embarrassment to the US still , just not as embarrassing as having the old killer strut about Miami , gloating in his freedom .	5	3
I waited about 20 minutes in the store part before anyone was able to assist me and was then told to pull my car into the shop ( that is apparently what you are supposed to do , but the big signs pointing you that way are for some reason kept inside the garage , so you do n't see them drving up , and they purposely block the front pull - up that all other Sear's use ) .	7	3
For example , you can group the members of the Category field into two groups : high priority promotions and low priority promotions .	23	1
I hope you do n't mind , but I 've taken liberty to turn them into a web photo album at http://24.27.98.30/pictures/08-05_Garrett_Gayle_Bday .	4	2
The Commission may adopt any technical provisions necessary for the operation of the temporary Cash - flow and Schengen Facility .	1	5
The harmonisation of national laws is the only means to prevent such barriers to trade and unfair competition .	16	3
Madam President , I would firstly like to compliment you on the fact that you have kept your word and that , during this first part - session of the new year , the number of television channels in our offices has indeed increased considerably .	1	5
The Egyptian pharaoh thus found himself in northern Amurru , well past Kadesh , in Tunip , where no Egyptian soldier had been seen since the time of Thutmose III almost 120 years earlier .	9	1
We looked on , waiting patiently – there was nothing else to do till the end of the flood ; but it was only after a long silence , when he said , in a hesitating voice , I suppose you fellows remember I did once turn fresh-water sailor for a bit , that we knew we were fated , before the ebb began to run , to hear about one of Marlow 's inconclusive experiences .	10	2
It was originally named ' Googol ' , a word for the number represented by 1 followed by 100 zeros .	11	2
The President has that pulpit .	0	2
From the 16th century , Europeans visiting the Caribbean region identified the " South Sea " ( the Pacific Ocean , to the south of the isthmus of Panama ) as opposed to the " North Sea " ( the Caribbean Sea , to the north of the same isthmus ) .	20	1
Abbas also pledged to resolve the problem of millions of Palestinian refugees and their descendants .	8	4
Pericles , the Community programme for exchange , assistance and training in the protection of the euro against counterfeiting , was established by Council Decision of 17 December 2001 ( 2001 / 923 / EC ) and is designed to support and supplement the measures undertaken by the Member States and in existing programmes to protect the euro against counterfeiting .	10	4
The Atmosphere is the best .. Italian music , candles , helpful and friendly staff ... And the food is beautiful too !	1	5
It does n't matter how graceful your horse is , or how high he can jump , or how well he does a sliding stop .	1	2
it s your cat you can pick and name you want	3	2
The United States goes into a war zone and evacuates a bunch of U.S. citizens ( most of whom were " dual - citizens " ) .	12	1
Today , Ukraine needs a modern-day equivalent of the Marshall Plan , by which the United States helped to reconstruct Europe after World War II .	14	2
Not the usual mode of operations .	6	1
Realists , and this even includes members of the U.S. Democratic foreign policy establishment such as Strobe Talbott , who have long sought to divest India of its defensive capability against another nuclear power in Asia , understand the only feasible solution for Kashmir is the acceptance of the status quo .	1	1
That basically means do n't swallow it , do n't put it in your eyes , do n't bathe in it , and do n't really expose yourself to it directly at all .	24	2
The result indicates significant improvement in the performance of the sustained attention in the test , as well as a high dispersion , which reveals a variation in relation to the performance .	18	1
Actually working out there was good - the machines are nice and the classes are fun .	6	1
What started as a routine ultrasound became complicated when expectant mother Margaret Boemer , of Plano , Texas , was told her unborn child had a rare condition and needed surgery to survive .	20	2
And in a way she did know : because it was for them a code so deeply accepted that it had never been discussed ...	18	2
Business Case : If we offered Dean 55 k or 60 k it would still constitute a over a $ 10,000 increase ( approximately 25 % ) and taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory at the specialist level .	12	1
And when they come back , too ? I asked .	3	2
Under the Unitary Executive Theory , the Laws of Congress and Decisions of the Supreme Court have no actual authority unless the President agrees with them .	7	2
He was shabby and careless , with ink-stains on the sleeves of his jacket , and his cravat was large and billowy , under a chin shaped like the toe of an old boot .	2	3
For the most part , that is not a bad thing .	0	2
This insurance co. Is a joke !!!	3	1
But Carney argues that , on the contrary , the rest of the British economy benefits from having a global financial center in its midst .	12	2
At sixteen John escaped from the Warsaw ghetto , leaving behind his parents and his sister .	15	3
Do n't be so ridiculous , Fred , said Mrs Weasley , her cheeks rather pink .	6	2
The questions answered previously referred to Mrs De Palacio 's intervention , on another occasion , and not to these comments which appeared in the Abc newspaper on 18 November .	0	2
No , but he 'd already mentioned it yesterday , is n't that so ?	3	1
This mode conforms closely to the ANSI-92 Level 1 specification , but is not ANSI-92 Level 1 compliant .	12	1
We support Professor Cabrol 's attempt to get things moving and put the uncertainties behind us .	1	4
" That is certainly the assumption on which the London market has been built and the line that successive governments have peddled .	0	1
Let me join the chorus of annoyance over Google 's new toolbar , which , as noted in the linked article , commits just about every sin an online marketer could commit , and makes up a few new ones besides .	8	3
The Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles ( not a drop of magical blood in their veins ) and as far as they were concerned , having a wizard in the family was a matter of deepest shame .	5	3
You can specify the font and font size for text in a control .	5	2
It is also called “ T-town ” by the locals and has been called the " Oil Capital of the World " .	16	2
From SNAP 's statement on the Robinson conviction :	1	2
Another bad step was the recent arrest of Sheikh Hassan Al - Lihabi , of the Lihaib tribe which is scattered between the governorates of Al - Anbar , Mosul and Salah Al - Din .	31	3
He should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark - skinned foreigners want extradited , CIA operative Michael Meiring .	17	1
Do I need a protein skimmer or any other equipment ?	1	1
I knew that he was an innocent but I would never have believed him to be ignorant of such a thing .	2	2
When you have a malignant tumor , you may remove the tumor itself surgically .	3	1
Our citizens cannot accept that the European Union takes decisions in a way that is , at least on the face of it , bureaucratic .	11	1
Kayani is well known and liked in Kabul as during the last year he led the Pakistani delegation in the tripartite military meetings with the Afghan and US military on issues related to border issues .	12	2
Like Ben , I will still be very much involved with the Mozilla project and community :-)	14	2
All aspects of the joke you tell , from the content to the length , need to be suited to your audience .	12	2
Drove all the way over from the highway ... closed at 7 .	11	1
88 - Percentage of workers at Ground Zero who Now suffer from ear , nose , or throat problems .	0	1
It 's fine for mass - market chocolate , but with companies like Scharffen Berger , TCHO , and smaller artisan chocolate makers in the area , why ?	17	1
First time I started wearing woman 's lingerie I was very young .	8	1
I 've had writer friends describe horror stories with their printers .	9	3
While the Indian army has become rock - solid in the western front , and has developed the capability of withstanding any Pakistani adventure in that sector , it has become highly vulnerable in its eastern sector , where its enemy is not a national army but a multitude of secessionist , terrorist and drug - running militants operating between Southeast Asia and northeastern India through Bangladesh .	33	1
Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated .	4	1
At least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts William Patrick and Kenneth Alibek , under the optimal method , there is no electrostatic charge .	25	3
But furniture like this will truly be around forever .	9	1
Paul admitted that he made Linda suffer a lot , but he did n't say that it was because he felt insecure as a man due to his womanish face and effeminate manners and also because with his age his sexual power was not the same , even though it has never been much .	48	3
The location is really stellar !	0	2
When creating a data access page , you can choose whether you want to link the page to a connection file or simply use a connection file without creating a link .	3	2
He would drink one for several months and then switch , for similar good reasons ( it was more digestible , it was less likely to produce an after-thirst ) to another .	12	4
These standards should clearly indicate the relationship between their clauses and the requirements dealt with .	6	6
Will they take it as an opportunity to educate viewers about disability and diversity while showing superb athletic performances without engaging in a discourse of pity ?	26	1
The area is famous for its World War II wreck diving , and the site has been named in many lists of top dive spots in the world .	4	2
Finally a chambermaid stuck her head around the corner from the top of the stairs and told us sternly that we could not be accommodated until 3 M , no exceptions .	23	1
I 'll get back to you as soon as I have more info ( hopefully later today )	12	2
We always took ours to dinner and discussed what things we felt we ' had ' to do and which ones we felt like skipping in lieu of just chilling .	22	2
( 8 ) This Directive seeks to achieve a high level of protection for the environment by reducing the potential environmental impact of EUPs , which will ultimately be beneficial to consumers and other end - users .	9	2
In addition , there are also two information centers located at the airport and Hadibo .	8	4
On Thursday , the 3rd of November , the mayor of Saint - Gaudens ( in the Haute - Garonne region ) decided to suspend the urban development agreement with the government formed in 2014 .	26	3
I hope you have a good flight back to home .	8	1
Cultural differences do exist , and so I do not understand why there should not be mandatory provision for exemptions .	9	2
Start off with the highly frequently used words such as ' and ' or ' I ' or ' one ' or ' the ' .	18	1
So do n't be afraid to get something a little bigger than " perfect " just in case you hit a growth spurt .	20	1
With single servings like this , you can decide which flavor(s) you like best and proceed to making bottles , if you desire .	9	3
In this hard economic times is very important to save money Very reasonable prices top quality work The owner operator he does all the the work with Helpers very friendly I definitely recommend this this guys Do n't get jack by big companies that they pay a lot of money to be on top of the list Thanks	43	2
At this point , Fred caught his mother 's eye and quickly busied himself with the marmalade .	1	2
The hardest part of flirting is to break through your initial reluctance , so if you 're having a hard time taking the plunge , just remind yourself that no matter how badly it goes , it 'll be less stressful than an equivalent real-world encounter .	8	4
I am not a client of liquidweb.com , but one of my friend called Steven is the client having several websites .	16	2
You who like the tough talk of Tough on Crime ?	0	2
The US National Hurricane Center said Rita was " extremely dangerous " and could become a top - level category five storm on the Saffir - Simpson scale .	20	2
Nonetheless , if the English law had been accepted , the daughters of Luis X , Felipe V and Carlos IV would have had more of a claim to the throne , above their aunt Isabella of France .	28	1
The introduction of interim targets increases the predictability of the policy , allows for accommodating product development cycles and facilitates long term planning for interested parties .	23	2
Just keep a window open for a while for fresh air to circulate .	7	3
Further , we posited that if our initial hypothesis was not supported , and in fact there was some non-adult-like performance , that there would be significant variability among the conditions , with cardinal numbers having the highest performance and some the weakest .	29	2
Everyone was so friendly and really went out of their way to make sure everything went well .	12	2
What would you call the device that hold up your photography backdrop ?	10	6
You can even sing the word “ ding ” on each floor like notes in a scale , getting higher as you reach each new floor . [ 2 ]	26	1
Right out of college I called the salon and explained my situation .	6	2
Mice smell garbage and get attracted to your house .	9	1
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	9	3
For example : austere , acrimony , ebullient , embolden ; in this case , the vowel A might carry with it a negative meaning , whereas E would be positive .	17	1
08/01/2001 09:14 AM	1	3
Coron is both the name of the largest town on the island of Busuanga , and the name of a different , smaller island just offshore .	5	1
For the rest , after his hours of work , a casual stroll or a casual spree on shore suffices to unfold for him the secret of a whole continent , and generally he finds the secret not worth knowing .	24	2
For example , list “ take the dog for a walk by 12:30 ” rather than simply “ walk the dog . ”	18	2
Either these people do n't know anything about what they are renting , or worse - they are bait and switching .	9	2
I am a licensed mental health counselor and I work with variety of mental health problems .	2	1
I strolled up .	1	4
Given the regrettable leaks that he was under suspicion , it is only fair that the FBI leak with equal enthusiasm the fact that Dr. Hatfill has now been dropped as a suspect if and when that proves to be the case .	31	1
RAPHAEL dies : April 6 , 1520 Good Friday	2	1
i do n't think so .	1	1
Open the page in Access 2002 Design view .	7	2
We also had the BBQ Spare Ribs .. good also .	10	1
As of the last advisory , T C Phailin has winds of 190 kilometers per hour and has moved inland , headed on a northwest track .	3	2
The Licensor grants You the rights contained here in consideration of your acceptance of such terms and conditions .	4	2
What sort of difficulties were posed by the unorthodox preservatives used , and what additional work might be possible on a specimen with intact DNA ?	16	3
What to feed my dog after gastroenteritis ?	7	1
It is heartbreaking to try to bring a horse back and then have to put it down , but some horses are worth the risk .	8	3
The what ? Auster laughed , and in that laugh everything was suddenly blown to bits .	11	2
Went there yesterday : we are trying to decide between two different Honda models , so we wanted to test - drive both back to back .	5	2
Stored in an underground vault at Gringotts in London was a small fortune that his parents had left him .	7	1
A perfect place for a romantic dinner .	2	3
Using chalk , a stick , or your finger , draw a line on the ground 12 " ( 30 cm ) long .	8	3
You 'll be able to use your 1 - 4 years of experience with Toxic Tort to complement your desire to stay with the firm .	23	2
He did n't think the Dursleys would like him any better in Majorca than they did in Privet Drive .	12	4
They explained that elk in Yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams , a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion .	33	5
They have been my only " go - to " resource since we first did business together .	14	2
Musk , which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive , makes the scent of perfume last a bit longer after each application .	16	2
If part of the public supports it , others tolerate it , many are afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood , organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism .	11	1
A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and the Middle East .	29	1
Shakespeare 's plays are difficult to date , however , and studies of the texts suggest that Titus Andronicus , The Comedy of Errors , The Taming of the Shrew and The Two Gentlemen of Verona may also belong to Shakespeare 's earliest period .	44	1
I should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you did n't spell her name right in the email - I mean it 's such a common spelling .	4	2
He had even imagined the conversation that would follow : he , suavely diffident as the stranger praised the book , and then , with great reluctance and modesty , agreeing to autograph the title page , since you insist .	16	4
The mechanic came to our place and sorted out our car s problems , he explained the problem and was very up front and honest , it was towed to the workshop as the gearbox was not working ( he explained it better ) .	11	1
There was no ceiling and he looked up into the pattern of a spider 's web made by the supporting beams of the roof .	23	2
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	5	1
have a look at sony wx10	1	1
Carnival has been called the WalMart of cruise lines ...	6	1
This common black ant eats other insects , and also aphid honeydew .	8	2
Instead , in April 1819 he was allowed to live in the French capital - as English critic George Saintsbury describes it - " in a garret furnished in the most Spartan fashion , with a starvation allowance and an old woman to look after him " , while the rest of the family moved to a house twenty miles [ 32 km ] outside Paris .	48	3
Please do me a favour and give me the subject price for Jan , Feb , Mar and Apr 2001 .	2	1
Richard Harper and Mary Nell Browning may have some ideas here but I am sure you 've already gone through it with them .	0	4
But the depth and persistence of the ongoing crisis have exposed the euro 's fundamental fragilities , and should serve as a warning that today 's technocratic Band - Aids may not hold in the face of another shock .	39	1
The chiro / acupuncturist will be there to evaluate the horse for wobblers which is often caused by spinal compression and can be confused with EPM .	3	6
Clinton and allies , meanwhile , are seeking to keep the spotlight on Trump , charging that his disparaging comments about women and minorities , and his temperament make him unfit for office .	20	3
It was as unreal as everything else – as the philanthropic pretense of the whole concern , as their talk , as their government , as their show of work .	14	3
2.4 m - Number of Americans who lost their health insurance during Bush 's first year in office .	11	3
You anticipate upsizing your application in the future to an Access project and want to create queries that will run with minimal changes in a Microsoft SQL Server database .	0	2
And those simple themes aren't really themes about the complex science of what 's going on , but things that we all pretty well know .	15	1
I found them and purchased both from a gallery in London , William Weston .	12	4
You may not distribute , publicly display , publicly perform , or publicly digitally perform the Derivative Work with any technological measures that control access or use of the Work in a manner inconsistent with the terms of this License Agreement .	17	2
Auster retreated to the kitchen to prepare the food .	0	3
exactly one year previous , Louis - Daniel had been born , but he lived for only a month .	10	2
The results of the Australian National Iodine Nutrition Study published in the Medical Journal of Australia this week , revealed that children in mainland Australia are borderline iodine deficient .	21	4
And you search in vain to find just one law abiding citizen	7	2
ok well i have a crush on 2 guys but unforchunitly it is almost valentine s day afnd i just broke up with my and i have dated one of the guys i like and one guy lives in my naborhood guy i need your help i am a girl but i need a guy s help what shoul i do ?	47	1
I said I was going to trash it also and could I at least have a credit .	11	1
Moving information across the Internet and between software applications has always been difficult due to differences in data formats and proprietary structures .	16	1
They must have read these reviews and improved !	1	2
As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable , it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .	6	2
For the sake of mankind , you should email our verdict to your friends .	9	2
A measure to amend the NC Constitution to ban gay marriage was defeated last year but already has been reintroduced in the 2005 legislative session , so there is a real need for visible support for the “ pro-same - gender - marriage ” side of this issue .	45	1
remember to bring cash since they do n't take debit or credit .	3	2
" It 's a very , very desperate situation , " Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco said .	2	1
I would like to come down to Austin this spring to meet with you to further discuss my application file and to personally meet you .	10	1
The truth of the matter though is that we believe - and this is also shown in the way the conclusions have been drafted - that the Commission must take account of what is adopted by this Parliament , particularly in the face of an interim revision of these Directives .	0	2
in our case , they are only hedging .	0	1
But they remain uncertain about whether China aims to beat the United States to the moon in its secretive space effort .	16	1
Numerous indigenous peoples occupied Alaska for thousands of years before the arrival of European peoples to the area .	8	3
You should be fine with just a passport , unless you 're staying longer than six months .	0	2
They do not run that often , especially to the outer towns like Broken Arrow .	11	3
If democracy is just free elections , it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected , the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory .	4	2
SS	0	1
Now that Oxitec has conducted promising field trials in the Cayman Islands , Malaysia , and Brazil , it is preparing to conduct trials in other countries , including the United States .	3	2
They both went to jail and a new manager was put in charge of the apartments .	7	2
Funny how some things are squirelled away by well - meaning prosecutors ...	9	1
I have been shopping there for over six years now .	8	3
Cook onions until they are translucent , but not burned .	10	1
( do not take away the food dish from the birds , they will associate you as the person who takes away their food ) ....	10	3
But Marlow was not typical ( if his propensity to spin yarns be excepted ) , and to him the meaning of an episode was not inside like a kernel but outside , enveloping the tale which brought it out only as a glow brings out a haze , in the likeness of one of these misty halos that sometimes are made visible by the spectral illumination of moonshine .	57	3
" When the characters reappear " , notes Rogers , " they do not step out of nowhere ;	7	3
Since the check is in my name , I 'll cash it for you .	6	2
I remember it when I laugh .	5	3
I have a Kodak Camera ( 10.2 Megapixels ) ... Kodak AF 5x OPTICAL LENS ... how do I pause it while recording ?	2	1
But last April , the rebels abruptly pulled out of negotiations demanding recognition , first , for the right to self - rule before proceeding any further .	7	3
America 's fiscal and monetary policies , for example , will always be driven by domestic considerations first ( if not second and third as well ) .	24	1
But why would Sancho and the others go to all that trouble ?	8	1
They had been drinking at a pub called the Midnight - the centre of the heavy metal scene in Milan - and they never came home .	11	2
The ghoul in the attic howled and dropped pipes whenever he felt things were getting too quiet , and small explosions from Fred and George 's bedroom were considered perfectly normal .	6	2
I was already a vegetarian when I read it a little more than a year ago , but it was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan .	27	1
IT IS NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE , MORE OF THE CUISINE BRETT ENJOYS IN MISSISSIPPI .	3	1
On top of that though they tried to charge us service charge just to rub it it ....	4	3
President Santer rightly pointed out that financial reform is one of the main pillars of Agenda 2000 .	10	1
Therefore , even in those first moments , he had lost ground , was starting to fall behind himself .	16	2
I was later told they had been left at the warehouse and some future date they would be delivered .	1	2
If you want to help , please send them to everyone you know who needs to read them .	4	2
Yet , there is warmth and a familiarity with the vastness .	6	1
The greater part of the Danube Delta lies in Romania ( Tulcea county ) , while its northern part , on the left bank of the Chilia arm , is situated in Ukraine ( Odessa Oblast ) .	2	2
There are way more stranger names in the U.S for areas than Miramar .	12	4
The promotion by the pro-Zionist right of twin occupations - in the West Bank and in Iraq - has profoundly weakened , not strengthened , Israeli security .	17	1
Bantu languages are not included in studies of acquisition often enough despite the numerous languages in this linguistic grouping and the millions of people using them .	8	6
I believe that Doug told me the extra was for the cashout that was not invoiced .	13	2
1 ) It is not normal for dogs to be vomiting , much less to have blood in it .	17	1
As noted earlier , all analyses were weighted according to the survey weight provided by the Add Health research staff and standard errors were corrected for the clustering and stratification that defined the sampling strategy .	24	5
his clinic is very very dirty he is a real disaster to go totally not organized for every step he take .	13	4
The relevant standards which have been laid down in another Directive , 95 / 35 / EC , seem sufficiently adequate to advise people in a responsible manner on the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods .	3	3
It is especially important to get SMEs involved in the planning and implementation of programmes .	9	2
Whatever it was could never be found ; it was the smell of growth , they had long ago decided , at Gala , the process of decay and regeneration so accelerated , brought so close together that it produced the reek of death-and-life , all at once .	43	6
During his time there , Kipling also met and fell in love with Florence Garrard who was boarding with Trix at Southsea ( to which Trix had returned ) .	3	3
Summer can be extremely hot and dry during heatwaves , but this rarely happens .	7	3
I have wifi at my house , but that s just at my house ... is there any way i can buy some card to make the ipod itself have wifi ?	8	2
Of course not . But I mean the book inside the book Cervantes wrote , the one he imagined he was writing .	6	2
I knew that he was an innocent but I would never have believed him to be ignorant of such a thing .	21	1
As concerned citizens we affirm the liberty of adults of the same gender to love and marry .	4	3
The thing to keep in mind is that Sunni Arab nationalists and Baathists and local Sunni radicals are likely to remain far more dangerous to the US in Iraq than al - Qaeda infiltrators , and it would be dangerous to take one 's eyes off the former ball .	7	2
As it stands , while the services sector accounts for more than 70 % of employment in South Korea , its productivity - growth rate remains much lower than that of the manufacturing sector .	24	2
Sometimes he stood up for exercise .	6	1
I try to work on a very low budget , and like to build most of the experimental setups myself ( we actually have equipment in the lab nicknamed the ' Nickinator ' , ' i-Nick ' and the ' Nicktendo64 ' ) .	34	1
Some rice cooker will have different settings instead of a simple " cook " option .	14	3
Professor Eastman says manufacturers could easily remedy the situation by using iodised salt in their products in line with the United States and most European countries .	9	1
On July 12 , after the raid , Israel was accused of giving comfort to the reactionaries of Rhodesia and South Africa by its demonstration of military superiority and its use of Western arms and techniques , upsetting the balance between poor and rich countries , disturbing the work of men of good will in Paris who were trying to create a new climate and to treat the countries of the Third World as equals and partners .	61	1
As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now .	28	3
Whether it might have turned out differently , or whether it was all predetermined with the first word that came from the stranger 's mouth , is not the question .	12	2
I ’ll call it herein ( as everyone mostly does ) simply The Chemical Wedding .	9	2
But , before hand in middle school , I kept on hearing about this guy named Mario , and he kept on hearing about me , this girl named Isabel .	7	1
Rowe was the first biographer to record the tradition , repeated by Johnson , that Shakespeare retired to Stratford ' some years before his death ' .	11	1
Immobile among the moving crowd , he stood there and watched .	8	3
Keep Bobby , his team members and their families in your prayers .	4	2
The information society is in fact evolving in a global context .	6	4
Mr Weasley took Harry 's glasses , gave them a tap of his wand and returned them , good as new .	1	4
If you ca n’t seem to focus and are working half-heartedly at your tasks , give yourself a brief break .	13	3
click the START button	3	3
What followed the next day is considered by the governor and Dunn to be the pivotal moment of the energy crisis .	2	2
At any rate , be careful and be safe .	9	1
You can add a security question to your account from your Security Settings page :	6	1
Can I create a joint Facebook account or share a Facebook account with someone else ?	12	2
If even a modicum of normality and security can be returned to Iraq , its citizens will be able to benefit from the country 's petroleum reserves .	7	4
As described in US News , a former reporter from the Kabul Times actually may have met Sufaat , without realizing it , while traveling near Kabul in October 2001 , perceiving him as Filipino .	15	2
As for me , well , I lead the simple life , own a little house in West University , own a little car ( I had to buy a new one recently - the 14 - year old 380 SE started scaring me a bit ) , you know , the usual .	34	2
Their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive .	5	2
To select several controls at once in a data access page , you must have Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.5 installed on your computer .	5	2
It sounds ( according to your own statement ) that they had a roomful of dogs , so they must be doing something right - and are keeping those dogs safe from potential problems .	2	1
As they approached it , they saw to their surprise a large crowd jostling outside the doors , trying to get in .	21	1
User requests for additional AS400 functionality and reports have been aggressively prioritised and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of Q1 following the delivery of three reports determined as minimum requirements for the support of OBSF .	0	2
The intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward MTM debtors and creditor balances OBSF transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account	49	2
And it is a war !	5	1
Richard do you have any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in Texas or are you aware of any Enron has filed ??	19	2
The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter , the president of the Independent System Operator , acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .	28	2
I will not be there at 7:30 , but will see you arond 9:30 on Tuesday .	10	2
Talk to your academic adviser , see what they recommend .	5	1
All he could tell was that he was standing in the stone fireplace of what looked like a large , dimly lit wizard 's shop – but nothing in here was ever likely to be on a Hogwarts school list .	34	1
At 18 , he married the 26 - year - old Anne Hathaway , who was pregnant .	6	1
ISLAMABAD – Last month , Oxford University 's Green Templeton College held its annual Emerging Markets Symposium at Egrove Park .	7	1
If you are in Philly you have to come check this place out !	11	3
Nina Chahine , 19 , who with her family was among the named plaintiffs in the lawsuit , said her wedding in the southern city of Tyre was set for July 13 .	29	2
This will put new limits on the nature of the environmental changes that overtook the Earth and sent so many species - not just the dinosaurs - into oblivion .	5	1
The US Army Corps of Engineers says it could take a month to clear the flood waters , and the government 's disaster relief agency has urged evacuees not to try to get back to their homes .	17	1
Then , suddenly , with great clarity and precision , he saw Bartleby 's window and the blank brick wall before him .	3	1
In an apparently unrelated incidents , some eleven Iraqis were killed by snipers on Tuesday , including a group of police trainees in a bus near Hilla and two police in Kirkuk .	8	3
President Bush on Tuesday nominated two individuals to replace retiring jurists on federal courts in the Washington area .	18	1
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608 .	4	1
Going to be a wild ride .	1	1
Little evidence substantiates such stories other than hearsay collected after his death , and Shakeshafte was a common name in the Lancashire area .	0	3
It 's possible that people at the turn of the century were saying " land of the kike " and that Faulkner did n't borrow it from Cummings .	10	4
Everyone is extremely pleased that you 're joining .	6	2
I swear that he might have twisted it off had I understood what it would mean to Garcia .	3	1
We use a Creative Commons license to give our community the right to fork ( http://www.wikihow.com/wikiHow:Right-to-Fork ) .	16	1
I sent my wife and daughter over to check out a pre-owned 2009 XF .	6	2
Memphis ?	1	1
Use of biochemical weapons as blackmail and threatened retaliation for such detentions was an alternative scenario in the Bojinka planning .	8	6
But it always comes down to the same thing : you Europeans talk very reasonably about that sort of suffering because you do n't know ... you may have thought it was terrible , but there 's nothing like that in your lives .	24	2
Yet we did n't charge them for the evacuation .	0	2
Perhaps that 's why a surge of tears clouds his pupils while the syllable of time unearths his crop and surrenders his mystery to the bound waters .	22	4
Wikinews interviews Robert Sarvis , Libertarian Party nominee for Governor of Virginia	9	4
So you want to flirt with a guy or gal on MSN , AIM , Facebook Chat , or any other instant messaging service and you do n't want to look like a creep ?	21	4
It has invested $ 3 billion in the African country 's oil industry , which supplies it with seven per cent of its needs .	4	1
Despite the best efforts of IT , continuing problems with the AS400 application , a better understanding of the inconsistency between stock reconciliation reports , and concerns over the useability of the outright stock screen enquiry are such that I am currently not confident of delivering sufficient accurate information to AA to satisfy their audit requirements - which at a macro level is the transparent audit trail between stock and forward positions to full accounting values .	1	2
" The ISO staff sat in a meeting with the governor 's key energy advisers with poker faces , not saying a word about something that was going on at the exact same moment , '' Maviglio said .	0	1
We have stayed at Tanglewood for many years now .	1	2
Higuchi 's likeness adorns the Japanese 5000 yen banknote as of fall 2004 , becoming the third woman to appear on a Japanese banknote , after Empress Jingū in 1881 and Murasaki Shikibu in 2000 .	33	1
I 'm 61 years old and have dental problems my entire life .	8	4
In this case , following the talent leads me to think that Google will be making an announcement this year that formalizes the Google - Mozilla / Firefox relationship .	22	2
Quinn had never been able to grasp the connection between the constellations and their names .	7	2
But I was not pleased to read the description in the catalog : " No good in a bed , but fine against a wall . "	9	1
Third ranking CIA officer , Briggs signed a declaration on February 3rd , 1983 , that on November 8th , 1982 , he had authorized a search of CIA records " for any material that in any way pertains to Edwin P. Wilson , or the various allegations concerning his activities after February 28th , 1971 , when he retired from the CIA . "	9	1
Hoped it was not true .	3	2
Do n't take that deal out until I look at it .	9	1
The Pakistani press reported that she was nabbed in Karachi after being spotted at the airport in late March or early April 2003 .	1	5
In brief , I would like to say that we are entering the period when we are called upon to manage the programming for 2000 - 2006 , which must be no routine period for the good reason that we have two major challenges to face .	24	2
I have n't had a chance to send it yet .	10	1
The Deseret News observed that the hashtag on Twitter , #IStandWithAhmed , had become an international phenomenon .	12	2
Some countries are more active in organising events , with Italy representing over 21 % of the total number of activities .	3	2
I leave it to you as homework to figure out what Spain or France would have done , in such a situation .	4	2
Adnan Z. Amin , General Director of the International Organization for Renewable Energies ( IRENA ) is certain : " Offshore wind power can become the top power generator in a global economy that is free of coal - based energy . "	36	1
Hair By Nivine in eastgardens fixed my hair after i had my hair cut and colored at another salon i felt more confident and the girls are fantastic and i ve been going there now for 2 years always happy and they care about my hair had my hair done for my wedding it looked fabolous !	16	1
Often far away there I thought of these two , guarding the door of Darkness , knitting black wool as for a warm pall , one introducing , introducing continuously to the unknown , the other scrutinizing the cheery and foolish faces with unconcerned old eyes .	45	2
If a player is pegged they have to stop what they 're doing and pay a penalty ; i.e. ( drop the quaffle in the case of a chaser ) and run back to and touch their goal post or alternatively sit down for 10 seconds .	31	2
Place two parts water or stock to one part of quinoa in a saucepan over medium-high heat and bring to a boil .	15	6
When you copy an exterior line , the new line is located halfway between the line you copied and the nearest line parallel to the line you copied .	9	2
As you mark things off , you will be motivated to continue doing so , and seeing it on a regular basis will remind you that your project needs to be done .	21	3
The English wikiHow has only 60 admins , compared to the 1000 + on English Wikipedia .	4	2
Let Hedwig out , he told Ron . she can fly behind us .	8	2
He talked to the elderly English princess who sat beside him with her knees peaked neatly together in the Royal position curiously expressive of the suffering of ceremonies , and Bray saw him point out the contingent of Gala women , their faces and breasts whitened for joy , who were lined up among the troops of musicians and dancers from various regions .	60	2
Let us just reflect on the fact that , without a common agricultural policy , there would be no European Union today .	3	4
The President will be expecting me to have come for you with the Mercedes , but , honestly , if I 'd have waited to get it I would have turned up I do n't know when .	1	5
Making the country safer	2	4
On July 3 , 1976 , before Israel had freed the hostages at Entebbe , the paper observed with some satisfaction that Amin , " the disquieting Marshal , " maligned by everyone , had now become the support and the hope of his foolish detractors .	6	3
Sandi sez it 's actually happening at 10 AM and it 's renewable - focused .	4	4
There 's a lot of unfunny jokes that are told in a back room , that 's why they stay and die in that back room and do n’t go out in The Onion .	10	1
As I recall , Montavano , Shapiro and I usually make up one team , but I 'm willing to switch around a bit .	23	2
Another thing that can cause a king snake to stop eating is shedding .	12	4
Will they take it as an opportunity to educate viewers about disability and diversity while showing superb athletic performances without engaging in a discourse of pity ?	8	4
They shouted , sang ; their bodies streamed with perspiration ; they had faces like grotesque masks – these chaps ; but they had bone , muscle , a wild vitality , an intense energy of movement , that was as natural and true as the surf along their coast .	28	1
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted via e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .	4	2
But I propose to you that the sequence of microbes that occur on rotting mushrooms are essential for the health of the forest .	13	4
She is crate trained , potty trained , and can sit , lay down , stay , come , fetch , and will even stay in a down position while I throw a treat across the floor or even right next to her paw , and she wo nt get it until I give her the command .	6	4
Using the default SA account , users can access the SQL Server database through the Access project without any additional security requirements .	1	2
I do not want to comment here on whether the American - led attack on Iraq was justified from the point of view of weapons of mass destruction or any other pre-war argument , but I can look at the post-war map of Western Asia .	29	2
The EU is an inspiring political structure that seeks to break the mold of the nineteenth - century nation - state .	8	3
( This is a kind of " wind " of interstellar dust , caused by the fact that our solar system is moving with respect to the local interstellar medium . )	10	6
Whether they pay me or not , if their parents get into an accident , stuck in traffic , etc. THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WAS N'T PAID .	22	3
But I believe that we should do all we can to keep the transport of dangerous goods to a minimum , in all countries , whether they are transit countries or not .	23	5
My father took off his coat and draped it over the edge of the pew and when I came back from communion I stole his glove .	12	1
Mr President , I would firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Koch , on his magnificent work and his positive cooperation with the Commission with regard to improving the texts and presenting this report and this proposal ;	39	1
The centerpiece of this rock concert-like performance is a 15 meter high rotating pig equipped with a fog machine , laser light show and theme music .	2	1
THE TEACHING THERE SUCKS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	3	3
In the immutability of their surroundings the foreign shores , the foreign faces , the changing immensity of life , glide past , veiled not by a sense of mystery but by a slightly disdainful ignorance ; for there is nothing mysterious to a seaman unless it be the sea itself , which is the mistress of his existence and as inscrutable as Destiny .	27	3
Attack on Iran : A Looming Folly	5	4
After your initial greeting and exchange of pleasantries , you 'll probably want to ask how the person 's doing ( just like you might in the real world ) .	7	6
such a great idea this was , so easy to load and pack , no ramp , no step up no back aches .	0	2
When Bush proposed the missile defense systems in Eastern Europe , Poland and Czechoslovakia , it was a real provocation to the Soviet Union .	8	4
Horrible Service !	1	4
The President is very eager to go ahead quickly and get this vote , because he very much wants to have Samuel Alito on the Supreme Court , to be judging the cases Bush is interested in .	13	1
Carol :	1	1
They are not a national park , but are extremely beautiful .	5	2
I began seeing Dr. Romanick back in 2000 and have seen a significant decline in the quality of care , patient - doctor communication , and just the overall level of services .	24	1
There are concerns that some may have been siphoned off . "	2	4
“ We are actively thinking of possible ways to limit the scope of litigation to only those with a real standing in a project , ” he was quoted as saying .	22	1
An art teacher in the mid-cities area of Dallas / Ft. Worth metro got fired because she took an art class on an approved field trip with parental permission for each student and some hysterical parent discovered that they saw " nudes " in the museum .	7	1
A glass case nearby held a withered hand on a cushion , a blood-stained pack of cards , and a staring glass eye .	11	1
How much better it was to believe that all his steps were actually to some purpose .	8	2
Even there , many Kurds look and act as if they are going to grab the chance to vote them out of power .	17	1
It ’s an interesting tool , created to overload/create malformed strings and crash a website ’s database , " said the post by an unknown author on pigmy .	12	3
Although I am sure that being there would enhance my understanding of the animals and the system in which they live , and would help me formulate more and better questions about the anemones , ship time is expensive , especially in Antarctica , and if there are biologists whose contribution is predicated on being there , they should have priority to be there .	5	3
Sit down strikes which began at a significant level in the 1930’s were very threatening to management and ownership , because the sit down strike is one step before workers taking over the factory and running it and kicking out the management , and probably doing a better job .	14	6
Quaint , lovely , small salon with BIG personality .	4	3
“ When I ’m playing him , I feel powerful , ” the Donald Trump impersonator John Di Domenico explained to Slate last year .	13	3
Ask any bus or jitney driver leaving from the Port Authority George Washington Bus Station on 177 St. whether s/he can let you off in Fort Lee .	10	5
We are hopeful that we can post the complaint to the UCAN web site later today .	12	2
Few records of Shakespeare 's private life survive , and there has been considerable speculation about such matters as his physical appearance , sexuality , religious beliefs , and whether the works attributed to him were written by others .	1	4
Today , like many Americans , I am skeptical .	3	2
Amount of Benefit Payments reads " The value of the shares , and resulting payment amount will be based on the closing price of Enron Corp. common stock on the January 1 before the date of payment , and such payment shall be made in shares of Enron Corp. common stock . "	37	1
The optimistic view is that those , like me , who find ourselves fearing the relative wage distribution of the future as a source of mammoth inequality and power imbalance simply suffer from a failure of imagination .	16	2
You may also starve it by preventing new blood from reaching it from other parts of the body , thereby preventing new " supplies " from expanding the tumor .	8	3
Since so much of the town ’s retail area is clustered in 3 or 4 block radius , it would be beneficial to walk around , but might also be dangerous given the high traffic intersections .	32	2
Handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of KSM , Al Qaeda 's # 3 , included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed the recruitment of necessary expertise .	9	2
I have counted around 25 of them and they currently reside in a 20 gallon tank .	15	2
Your teacher knows what goes on in your community and wants to keep her job .	4	2
" Balzac 's use of repeating characters , moving in and out of the Comédie 's books , strengthens the realist representation .	7	1
I have seen horses Loose Nails On there Own And do just fine with ONE nail gone Now if he had left out 2 or 3 I would be wondering to ...	4	3
According to Professor S D Muni , South Asia expert at the Jawaharal Nehru University , the two - year peace talks between Colombo and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) are stalemated .	28	1
" Just as his father had worked his way up from poverty into respectable society , Balzac considered toil and effort his real mark of nobility .	3	2
Limerick 's a great student city , there 's loads on , you 'll be spoilt for choice .	12	2
You were clearly given another alternative by Second Home , to board him - which might have given your dog a chance to come and go from Second Home a couple times , getting used to the place and maybe facilitating another attempt to get into daycare later .	29	1
After the death of his mother in 1846 and his father in 1848 , he sailed west , arriving in San Francisco possibly in November 1849 .	7	2
I have a question about McDonald 's Monopoly !	6	1
EDIT : I love how she says it 's not callum but does n't deny it 's me .... i think we all know who she 's talking about ...	16	1
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to work , to free choice of employment , to just and favourable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment .	13	1
For the sake of mankind , you should email our verdict to your friends .	13	4
They each grabbed a copy of Break with a Banshee , and sneaked up the line to where the rest of the Weasleys were standing with Mr and Mrs Granger .	8	1
But European approval of the raid would endanger the plans of France for a new international order .	8	2
Lamarr accompanied Mandl to business meetings where he conferred with scientists and other professionals involved in military technology .	14	4
We were expecting a great experience , when we recieved a friendly greeting by the hosts .	11	4
The request of the municipalities results from the sentence of the Italian Supreme Court of Cassation on July 8 , recognising as legitimate the request of the Municipality of Livorno asking religious schools to pay property taxes .	12	4
He 's always like " ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours , I wish I had mine ! " and he is n't even joking .	11	1
Now , therefore , The General Assembly Proclaims this Universal Declaration of Human Rights as a common standard of achievement for all peoples and all nations , to the end that every individual and every organ of society , keeping this Declaration constantly in mind , shall strive by teaching and education to promote respect for these rights and freedoms and by progressive measures , national and international , to secure their universal and effective recognition and observance , both among the peoples of Member States themselves and among the peoples of territories under their jurisdiction .	7	5
I have been extremely pleased with the signs and pop - up banners she has supplied to me over the years - a truly first class family business run by Tina and her husband Chris .	23	3
And there are already Arabs who did it .	3	4
The Minutes of the part-session of Thursday 29 May 1997 have been distributed .	6	4
In two months Carroll had learned that her parents lived on a farm several miles outside of town ; that they sold strawberries in summer , and Christmas trees in the winter .	3	4
There is a wonderful quote attributed to Einstein — " If we knew what we were doing , it would n't be called " research " , would it ? "	27	3
I 'm forwarding a revised development agreement term sheet , showing revisions from your original version .	11	5
She may be the reason for all the change .	4	3
After some genius surgery and a lot of very tough rehab , I have made a full recovery .	0	3
The BBC is not responsible for the content of this e-mail , and anything written in this e-mail does not necessarily reflect the BBC 's views or opinions .	21	4
Why have a " minimum " if it is going to be ignored ?	9	3
A young black man with sunglasses and a thick , springy mat of hair shaped to a crew-cut by topiary rather than barbering had cut through the crowd with the encircling movement of authority .	27	3
Thank you for your patience and I hope you can take a few moments to enjoy the holidays .	16	2
worse , accepting Russia 's terms would ratify the idea that powerful countries may bully less powerful neighbors into doing their bidding , to the point of surrendering their independence .	3	3
The amendment to the Directive on today 's agenda does not therefore affect the existing harmonisation of the transport of dangerous goods in the community .	15	6
It may be a problem because the temperature is constantly changing .	8	1
Such a relief !	2	3
Game tonight at 7 , it 's time to kick some ass .	7	2
It is a competition , and YOU will be competing with hundreds of thousands of others , from all over the world , for a place in the line up .	18	2
And so the question of what they were talking about really amounted to her hidden , pressed-down , banked-over desire to know whether this house , this life in Wiltshire , this life – at last – seemed to him the definitive one , in the end .	22	4
Often far away there I thought of these two , guarding the door of Darkness , knitting black wool as for a warm pall , one introducing , introducing continuously to the unknown , the other scrutinizing the cheery and foolish faces with unconcerned old eyes .	24	1
An old wooden street sign hanging over a shop selling poisonous candles told him he was in Knockturn Alley .	13	2
I think a test like this one is much needed .	1	3
He hires someone to translate it for him into Spanish ,	7	2
I had my passage on a little sea-going steamer .	9	1
I called the next morning to let then know my wife would be driving in .	14	1
The statement said , " We direct an appeal at the men in the Iraqi forces , whether national guards or others , the majority of whom are Muslim , calling upon them to refrain for commiting this enormous sin under the banner of forces that do not respect our religion or any principles of basic humanity , and we ask them to view this war as illegal . "	65	2
I finally called Matt from Bonafide and he made the project both easy for us and reasonable .	9	2
We attend LFTD and our children LOVE it !!	3	2
He dismissed a white shirt as too formal , however , and instead chose a gray and red check affair to go with the gray tie .	15	2
I say we just keep the dough and go to Mexico .	11	1
He knew that they never left the farm ; instead , the world came to them in the shape of weekend picnickers and driveby tourists .	5	2
On the other hand , he could very easily just call me and say hey I 'm busy right now , I 'll call you when I can come out .	18	3
What do I look as if I 'd sing ?	2	1
I had the impression he 'll be ambassador to U.N.	8	1
Just knowing a whole lot about a single species is n't very useful , even if that animal is as special as these clearly are -	19	1
But these chaps were not much account , really .	6	4
In Othello , the villain Iago stokes Othello 's sexual jealousy to the point where he murders the innocent wife who loves him .	6	3
Fort Lee offers international cuisine and is famous for their pizzerias , delis and 24-hour diners , in addition to its Korean restaurants .	18	4
Certain reserve characters are part of the XML syntax and will not be interpreted as themselves if used in the data portion of an element .	2	5
For the most part , arrogant people see people that they do n't like as threats to their perfect little world .	0	2
Bredders take the one that in not very interested and put it alone in a breeeding tank for 3 - 5 days .	20	1
I 've spoken to vendors who are used by them who had nothing good to say about the company as well and in fact were afraid to quote events against them even though they openly admitted that they felt Canadian Outback was pricing their entertainment out of the market and doing more to hurt their business than help them .	45	2
The Danevirke has remained in German possession ever since .	2	2
In order to design this curriculum we follow a four step approach with a Working Out Loud - principle ( Williams , 2010 ) :	5	5
It may be a problem because the temperature is constantly changing .	7	6
I personally provided the request on four separate occasions and they claim there is a glitch in their systems ?	10	2
I pretended to sleep .	2	1
His father , seeking to instill the same hardscrabble work ethic which had gained him the esteem of society , intentionally gave little spending money to the boy .	21	2
If you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualizations to help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence , try the following before moving onto the more formal method below .	31	3
" The hardest blow on Americans , " concluded Roberts , " will fall when China does revalue its currency .	11	1
UGH !!!	1	2
One week after that declaration , ONLY ONE WEEK LATER , Brian Epstein , forger of the Beatle farce , died from an overdose .	5	1
Or in the icecream tricycles waiting at the base of each section of an amphitheatre of dark faces , the mongrel that ran out and lifted its leg on the presidential dais ?	22	2
Properly-fitted ballet shoes should be snug , but not so tight they cut off blood flow and create numbness in the feet .	17	3
Removing 90 % of ' sit - abouts ' in main room would look cleaner .	8	1
Norton has been immortalized as the basis of characters in the literature of writers Mark Twain , Robert Louis Stevenson , Christopher Moore , Morris and Goscinny , Selma Lagerlöf , and Neil Gaiman .	32	2
PRINCETON – German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schäuble recently declared that the European Union has " moved sovereignty to the European level " – a startling claim , given that European governments seem to be pursuing their national interests more aggressively than at any time since World War II .	21	1
he was one of those people who , late at night , suddenly have a desperate need of certain companions .	17	1
Still if you can get your pet shop to do a hardness or TDS ( total Dissolved Solids ) test , that may give you a hint .	8	1
With a crack like a whip , Dobby vanished .	7	3
You mean Edward 's not going to take part in the celebrations ?	9	1
40,000 - Number of soldiers in Iraq seven months after start of the war still without Interceptor vests , designed to stop a round from an AK - 47 .	22	1
She is so talented , the flowers were arranged superbly and delicately , it is so obvious to see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to others .	7	2
The management from Julie and Janice to the work staff , esp. Edwin , are just wonderful .	4	2
Glad to hear all is well .	1	1
While they moved off , she said , Guess what my name is ?	6	2
I 'll be in Portland but can call you .	4	4
Personally , I do n't find a travel agent to be of value to me as I am willing to put in the time doing research on the internet .	17	1
With extra blackworms and maybe frozen ( defrosted , rinsed ) frozen foods earlier in the day , they may leave 30 - 40 eggs at a time .	28	1
But if experience is any guide , nothing would stand in the way of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri 's decade - long quest to weaponize and use anthrax against US targets that was described by one confidante to an Egyptian newspaper reporter .	15	3
One of their many grieving Facebook posts has a line which would have delighted Chris : “ More African than you , I have not known . ”	15	1
It was the business community in India that stepped in after Vajpayee indulged in an empty bout of saber rattling in 2002 , pointing out that the only beneficiary of the mythical perception that war -- especially nuclear war -- was around the corner in the subcontinent was China .	9	1
Theravada Buddhist monks are also supposed to avoid material temptations and as such , are not allowed to touch money , so offering money to a monk is considered to be a sign of disrespect in most Theravada Buddhist cultures .	34	5
The little creature on the bed had large , bat-like ears and bulging green eyes the size of tennis balls .	2	4
You can then use your Skittles vodka to make brightly-colored cocktails or even serve it as a sugary shot !	13	3
Given the urgent need to contribute to the achievement of the commitments in the framework of the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) , and without prejudice to the integrated approach promoted in this Directive , some priority should be given to those measures with a high potential for reducing greenhouse gas emissions at low cost .	61	1
The Beavertail Cactus ( Opunitia basilares ) , found primarily in the Mojave Desert and northwest Mexico ; can grow to be about 24 inches ( 60 cm ) high ; has pads that look like beavertails ; and yields red or purple flowers from spring to early summer .	31	2
she needs to develop a personality !	2	1
That 's about it .	4	1
Dependant = NASA & Company to use " space station " model to unify the aims of different countries .	17	5
Oh I 'll tell you who 's still around though – Barry Forsyth .	11	3
Nevertheless , her initial efforts at writing fiction were in the form of a short story , a form to which she would remain true .	22	3
He had made it to the third or fourth paragraph when the man turned slowly toward him , gave him a vicious stare , and jerked the paper out of view .	25	3
The pass mark could change .	4	3
( 2 ) In the exercise of his rights and freedoms , everyone shall be subject only to such limitations as are determined by law solely for the purpose of securing due recognition and respect for the rights and freedoms of others and of meeting the just requirements of morality , public order and the general welfare in a democratic society .	59	5
I 'm planning on dragging him to at least one of the U.T. games , I just have to find out when he wants to go ( as well as properly prepare him for the Scott / Kelley / Parks / Wild Card gang and the full - day affair that is a U.T. game ) .	2	4
Every day the coast looked the same , as though we had not moved ; but we passed various places – trading places – with names like Gran' Bassam Little Popo , names that seemed to belong to some sordid farce acted in front of a sinister backcloth .	32	3
When John asked George while they were having lunch about how things were going for Paul after his separation from the Beatles and George replied that he was number one in the Swedish hit parade , John said in a despective manner : " ah !! .. in Sweden .. " , as if Sweden was an inferior place or something alike .	25	2
Pour out some vodka from a bottle to make room for Skittles .	0	2
Only a handful of them ( earldoms ) had existed under Henry I and these had been largely symbolic .	1	1
To get away from the traffic snarl you could climb a nearby mountain and come down to a deserted beach , similar to the beach at Sdot Yam .	20	1
There was no need to open the big shutter to see .	4	1
This is not to say that everyone else is living pleasantly and well under a decent regime .	10	5
Went there yesterday : we are trying to decide between two different Honda models , so we wanted to test - drive both back to back .	22	2
Recall the multiple terror threats lobbed out by the administration whenever damaging political news appeared in the media .	7	1
I am sure she would like to hear from you .	7	2
It had ceased to be a blank space of delightful mystery – a white patch for a boy to dream gloriously over .	20	5
that deal is making like it wants to close and the traders scheduled a 430 call to wrap it up	2	1
* Offers a 7.5 cent / dth rate to large customers while minimizing rate changes to other customers , minimizing the incentive for these customers to seek to bypass local transmission charges and other CPUC - approved charges . *	3	2
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon and have a nice day .	12	2
I hope that the whole House will endorse their constructive approach .	3	2
However , we draw on our many faith traditions to arrive at a common conviction .	0	4
Specializing in short stories , she was one of the first important writers to appear in the Meiji period ( 1868 - 1912 ) and Japan 's first prominent woman writer of modern times .	28	5
As its " comeback ' has continued , the official moniker is now the New American City as Cleveland has rightfully earned the reputation as a model of effective public-private partnership for urban planning .	4	1
You should use the same spreadsheet format used for the 1/29/02 DPR .	1	3
Initiatives aimed at enhancing the public 's knowledge of nutrition are also crucial – not least because they can motivate citizens to pressure their governments to take action .	3	5
These works suffered from a lack of firsthand knowledge ;	4	1
Jimmy Plant , Blogshares is a fantasy blogosphere trading game with pretend money .	13	1
But a scan has shown the tumour in Ms Pugh 's right lung is growing , and she has had to leave the trial .	9	2
I was smoking my pipe quietly by my dismantled steamer , and saw them all cutting capers in the light , with their arms lifted high , when the stout man with mustaches came tearing down to the river , a tin pail in his hand , assured me that everybody was ' behaving splendidly , splendidly , ' dipped about a quart of water and tore back again .	56	5
YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR !!!	2	2
Thirty years of hard work , planting and harvesting in the kibbutz .	6	4
This cute little stunt is only going to prove just how fanatic the extremist Muslims are .	4	1
The Supreme Court announced its ruling today in Hamdan v. Rumsfeld divided along idelogical lines with John Roberts abstaining due to his involvement at the D.C. Circuit level and Anthony Kennedy joining the liberals in a 5 - 3 decision that is 185 pages long .	8	3
I would personally put him somewhere else .	1	3
the Paddington rail crash in London , the terrible rail crash in Norway , the two aviation crashes involving EU citizens and the natural disaster involving the Erika off Brittany - all within the last four months - remind us that transport safety can never be taken for granted and that those charged with protecting the public must be highly motivated and highly qualified .	26	2
I am a business owner in downtown Saratoga Springs and wish this restaurant was in our town !	9	2
At the same time , the devil acted through his other main puppets with " Sympathy for the devil " that was when the pact of the Rolling Stones with Satan took the life of the founder of the group , the guitarist Brian Jones ( who refused to be a puppet of the devil ) , murdered by people sent by Mick Jagger , another assassin .	62	2
The effect of this simple sentence on the rest of the family was incredible : Dudley gasped and fell off his chair with a crash that shook the whole kitchen ; Mrs Dursley gave a small scream and clapped her hands to her mouth ; Mr Dursley jumped to his feet , veins throbbing in his temples .	35	3
So what happened ?	1	2
depends where u are going .	5	1
We live in the sub-division around the corner and after it happened and we brought it up at some neighborhood gatherings we discovered that several people from this neighborhood alone had pets go to Dr. Mann for surgical procedures and came back dead .	1	2
If your drawstring is longer than your pinkie then you should cut it off till it is roughly the size of your fingernail .	7	3
In Access 2002 , you or a user can change ANSI SQL query mode through the user interface and ANSI-92 queries are no longer hidden in the Database window , so you should prevent accidental or intentional changes to the ANSI SQL query mode of your application by protecting your code and preventing the changing of the query mode through the application 's user interface .	62	1
It presents the case for marriage equality and states , “ We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same - gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights , responsibilities , and commitments of civil marriage . ”	41	6
If you have any questions please call me on x34703	9	3
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions : Please do not transmit orders and / or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account ( s ) by e-mail .	4	3
There are perennial basils which come back year after year , like African Blue Basil ( which has pretty blue veins on its leaves ) and Thai Basil , while most other varieties are annuals , which you 'll have to plant year after year .	3	3
A MILNET brief issued in February 2005 reports , " Due to its position astride the Persian Gulf , Iran has constantly been a threat to the Gulf .	12	2
Although the lodging and facilities may not be the same as more modern and developed locations , Socotra is a beautiful and magnificent destination choice .	20	5
the irish customs we have in our family are ; we make sinnel cake for easter , barn brack and col - cannon for Halloween .	6	2
And all of this is happening in a region , which only 30 years ago , was believed to be the next wealthy part of the world , and in a Moslem area , which developed , at some point in history , one of the most advanced cultures in the world .	43	2
Reports are circulating in the intelligence community that the Andaman Islands are not only thick with Myanmar rebels .	1	2
He must have been looking too hard , for a moment later she turned to him with an irritated expression on her face and said , You got a problem , mister ?	14	1
The service is solicitous , the atmosphere is nice and mod except the out - of - place flat - screen TV playing football .	11	3
After his retirement in 1925 , Jespersen remained active in the international linguistic community .	2	5
You 'll notice that if you leave the flowers , the plant will become lanky and the leaves wo n't be as full or tasty .	11	3
Sea fishes , prawns and many nice options are there in different restaurants aboard .	14	1
And worst of all your child feels like a number not a patient .	9	3
There is a classical logical fallacy , post hoc ergo propter hoc ( Z happens after X , therefore Z is caused by X ) , and I keep revising this posting this evening because I do n't want to fall into it .	33	4
I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once , you ca n't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .	20	1
Not necessarily the restaurant but what you order when you get there and what time you go .	4	2
One is a special tool to detect damage to the thermal - protective tile while in orbit - something the Columbia crew would have welcomed .	25	1
During the family 's years in Kentucky and Indiana , Thomas Lincoln worked as a farmer , cabinetmaker , and carpenter .	20	5
this is not where the Blue Water Bridge Duty Free is located .	11	4
Many people choose to leave out the green , which is lime if you 're using original Skittles , and purple , which is grape in the original style , as they can create a weird taste combination or a less than appealing color for the final product .	43	3
The Khitans had made several aggressive negotiations of pushing their borders south , while manipulating several incompetent Chinese ambassadors who conceded to the Liao Kingdom 's demands .	17	4
That 's very sweet of you , dear , but it 's dull work , said Mrs Weasley .	9	2
Her former professor , Koolhaas , described her at graduation as " a planet in her own orbit . "	18	1
Thanks ,	0	3
With the demand so high , the question arises on to who should be or has the right to be the Santa of nuclear weapons .	16	2
Who can pass up a hot towel and a straight edge neck shave !	11	2
Salad bar is hit and miss for freshness - sometimes the broccoli looks browned around the edges .	13	4
Upon the world , too .	0	2
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium .	11	4
Aner Shalev is an Israeli mathematician and writer born in 1958 in Kibbutz Kinneret , Tiberias .	5	6
So , I 'm Men and love to wear women 's lingerie :-) .	8	2
The President has also said he would like to see Israel wiped off the map which he could n't even begin to try without nuclear weapons .	10	3
In principle , I believe that in many cases where transport is concerned we should be working towards increased flexibility and country - specific rules .	24	3
This Directive is in accordance with certain principles for the implementation of the new approach as set out in the Council Resolution of 7 May 1985 on a new approach to technical harmonisation and standards and of making reference to harmonised European standards .	32	6
Compact 's Corona dryers remove at least twice as much water as the previous dryers , allowing a production increase of over 10 % and a significant energy saving .	25	1
Kapor used to be a teacher of Transcendental Meditation of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi .	9	1
The next item is the report ( A5-0104 / 1999 ) by Mr Koch , on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism , on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council Directive amending Directive 94 / 55 / EC on the approximation of the laws of the Member States with regard to the transport of dangerous goods by road [ COM ( 1999 ) 158 - C5-0004 / 1999 - 1999 / 0083 ( COD ) ] .	46	2
Feed the babies 3 - 4 times a day with flakes .	10	3
Power producers then turned their attention toward killing that cap , saying they could n't make a profit even under these constraints .	15	2
Well , sure enough , when I heard the cats " Meowing , " I imagined the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of God were living , what went on in their tiny , sweet little minds , and decided that I want to do something about this torture .	35	3
Make sure the shelter box has no nails or safety hazards .	1	2
The legend says that the King of Athens , Theseus unified the ten tribes of early Athens into one kingdom ( c. 1230 BC ) .	7	3
You do n't think is was because of female nudes considering the nearly naked girls / women seen at pools and beaches and the completely naked manikins that show up in store windows in malls during changes in display ?	0	2
" We are moving in the right direction : the Paris Agreement will slow climate change , as will the recent Kigali Amendment to reduce HFCs , " said Erik Solheim , head of UN Environment .	23	1
In the long run , only educate the next generation and open it to the world .	15	3
the first night i brought her home i did the sniffing under the door thing and left it at that .	3	1
WONDERFUL service .	2	1
This is unlike the situation last year in Asia when we evacuated U.S. citizens from areas that were hit by the tsunami - a phenomenon that is much less predictable than the Hezbollah - provoked destruction that rained down on Lebanon .	31	2
The Iraqi Islamic Party lead by Muhsin Abdul Hamid , has been among the few Sunni Muslim groups willing to cooperate ( even if rather lukewarmly ) with the Americans .	12	3
If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more minutes rather than bake them into rocks .	14	2
Best count on $ 50 per person no matter what .	3	1
In the outer room the two women knitted black wool feverishly .	4	2
When nacho is driving to cure the influenza guy does he say to the man with the cow i like your blouse or I like your cow because my friend thinks he says I like your blouse , but that would n't make sense .	4	1
Did they think we were going to feel lucky to get any reservation at all , and therefore be more pleased with our dining experience ?	24	5
What volatilities are you using to value the options - monthly volatilities or intra-day volatilities or a blend of the two ( if blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols ) ?	13	5
These global standards also should enable Enron to expand its business reach more quickly , with well defined requirements with regard to trading operations .	14	1
Displaying XML data	1	2
When Dando 's opinion of someone was really low he did not seem to hear his name .	15	2
The inherent dullness of the IMF makes that hard .	1	4
Many times prideful people have a serious ' my-way's-the-only-way ' attitude .	4	2
Try googling it or type it into youtube you might get lucky .	1	4
Dr. Aster is very kind an gentle with the children , but also positive and to the point with the parents .	5	1
The rescued members included Bangladeshis and Rohingya , a stateless minority of Muslims from Myanmar .	10	4
First , the profitability of an innovation may not be a good measure of its net contribution to our standard of living .	11	2
Instead of going up , I turned and descended to the left .	3	1
The mailer 's use of " Greendale School " as the return address for the letters to the Senators is also revealing .	7	3
John Key is too busy looking after his rich mates , while the rest of us pay .	7	2
They are honest about ' immediate ' concerns versus ' recommended ' repairs and have very fair prices .	3	3
These guys tried the Ken Lay route .	6	3
Why has there been no fire drill , either in the Brussels Parliament buildings or the Strasbourg Parliament buildings ?	19	1
Amazingly , these idiots think a cartoon of Mohammed is comparable to what we can expect in this new fun contest :	4	3
Nina Leopold Bradley , a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer Aldo Leopold , published a 1999 paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on her 61 - year uninterrupted phenological records .	10	2
You can try Club Med , 0590854950 fax : 0590854959 ( for instance , others resort may propose this formula too ) for a one day all inclusive ( breakfast , buffet , bars , drinks , beach volley , windsurf , boat , gym , dance courses ... ) for about € 46 , so it may be a good deal ( as it costs € 7 one hour of windsurf ) .	48	2
I was told management would call me back but still waiting for that call .	11	2
Also , some serious targets must now finally be set for the car industry .	2	2
I am sure she would like to hear from you .	6	1
Mix to combine .	3	1
Hope she stops laying eggs because she will get really skinny !	4	2
APR 7 , 2014 .	4	1
What 's the difference between logging in and signing up ?	8	4
This was generally a grim place , filled with dust and people with nowhere to go , but now , with the rush hour at full force , it had been taken over by men and women with briefcases , books , and newspapers .	24	1
Audio-visual displays , detailed exhibits , gives visitors a sense of what this town was like centuries ago .	11	2
The appropriate forum for the settlement of this dispute is the World Trade Organisation .	7	2
I will never go to another vet as long as I have animals .	1	2
Could you send me a set ?	6	1
In 1970 Roland Barthes published S / Z , a detailed analysis of Balzac 's story Sarrasine and a key work in structuralist literary criticism .	0	1
If you 're signed up for a class , check with your instructor to find out if there is a dress code at the school .	15	2
There are a couple ways one could spawn lineatus - mop spawning & water incubating them for two weeks , picking eggs from a mop & putting them in a tray of treated , seasoned water or setting up the parents in a planted tank & moving them so the fry can hatch out there .	29	1
Harry washed his hands and bolted down his pitiful supper .	6	2
The meal was extremely overpriced and lacked flavor , especially for being a special NYE menu .	12	1
Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 11/16/2005 08:36:00 AM	9	4
However , the real development of Łódź started with the industrial era at the beginning of the 19th century when the city was chosen to be the heart of the rapidly-growing textile industry .	8	2
If you love seeing the shows , Royal Caribbean was better for the main shows and Carnival was slightly better for the comedians .	17	2
I Highly Recommend , The Law Offices Of Dale Gribow !!	0	1
Stendhal 's heroes , when they are in prison , choose to think above love .	9	1
She flicked her wand casually at the washing-up in the sink , which began to clean itself , clinking gently in the background .	13	3
the subject : Turbine 1 and Turbine 2 Purchase Agreement	8	4
I did n't have a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake your hand .	4	1
Whether such an offer were accepted or declined would make no difference ; justice would not be served then .	19	1
dead pixel of my photos ?	4	3
Oh you make the usual mistake of seeing the life of the African people as a blank ... and then the colonialists come along and we come to life – in your compounds and back yards .	12	4
Dr. Aster and her team have been a strong advocate in the health of both my daughters .	15	1
The relevant standards which have been laid down in another Directive , 95 / 35 / EC , seem sufficiently adequate to advise people in a responsible manner on the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods .	22	3
In Fall 2004 , MSNBC , relying on an unnamed FBI spokesperson , reports that the FBI has narrowed the pool of labs known to have had Ames that was a match from 16 to 4 but can not rule out that it was made overseas .	28	2
His preferred method was to eat a light meal at five or six in the afternoon , then sleep until midnight .	21	1
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone .	4	1
At the moment if you move overseas you can only come back to New Zealand for a short amount of time before they 'll force you cough up .	20	2
He says authorities are reacting slowly to his urgent calls for mandatory iodised salt .	9	3
Very briefly , I would like to thank the various Members for their interventions and to tell you that safety is one of the Commission 's priorities in the field of transport .	16	2
We exhale carbon dioxide , so does mycelium .	2	3
Cons : * Server was n't very pleasant * Pretty small portion on the blackened catfish * Overcooked food * Time , took about 25 minutes from ordering to eating .	6	2
He was used to walking briskly , and all this starting and stopping and shuffling began to be a strain , as though the rhythm of his body was being disrupted .	0	1
Mike one of owners was awesome , he explained the detailed plan , and executed on time , I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .	36	2
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	2	2
Kalkat , who currently chairs the independent US - based International Council on Conflict Resolution , said despite the failure of the Indian army to disarm or even subdue the Tigers , India remained the only power capable of influencing the course of the current peace talks .	37	4
I do n't like that option though - I think it 's pretty cruel and I'd not done properly you 'll end up really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop possible injury to your snake .	9	3
But , we had a great laid back day last Saturday and I think have hit that comfortable stage ... you know , not quite so formal about dates etc .	22	1
The US Red Cross has mobilised thousands of volunteers for its biggest - ever natural disaster effort and federal emergency teams are being dispatched to affected areas .	21	2
According to the Arts and Humanities Citation Index Professor Chomsky is the eighth most cited scholar of all time .	18	2
Stan will attend in person .	3	1
Since the fall of communism in Poland , Łódź has not enjoyed the rapid economic growth cities like Kraków , Warsaw and Wrocław have experienced , and has had to endure the fall of much of its textile industry , rising unemployment and emigration ( within Poland and abroad ) .	10	2
We have never had mexican food this bad , it was just simply gross .	14	1
green curry and red curry is awesome !	1	3
she will be able to sleep without being afraid .	7	3
Here is a list of the risk people that will be with the estate .	5	2
Your application is still evaluated on a number of criteria , not all of them as " cast in steel " as the points .	24	1
We have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose .	10	5
In early June 2003 , a Central Intelligence Agency ( " CIA " ) report publicly disclosed that the reason for Mohammed Atta 's and Zacarias Moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	35	2
Here , too , Germany should take the lead .	8	2
I have a few how to videos for DIY 35 mm film in a 120 camera on my YouTube channel :	16	1
Protocol Concerning the conditions and arrangements for admission of the republic of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union .	15	1
We went through six photographers to find the right photographers that would represent our firm in the light we wished to and Michael and his team made that happen .	18	1
Volatility of USD / DM has been in the range of between 7 % and 11 % .	16	1
Although the origins of a movement that was confined largely to the literate culture of intellectual endeavor and patronage can be traced to the earlier part of the 14th century , many aspects of Italian culture and society remained largely Medieval ; the Renaissance did not come into full swing until the end of the century .	37	4
Do you concur ?	3	1
Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .	11	3
Amount of Benefit Payments reads " The value of the shares , and resulting payment amount will be based on the closing price of Enron Corp. common stock on the January 1 before the date of payment , and such payment shall be made in shares of Enron Corp. common stock . "	16	2
Ukraine is not Bosnia , where the constitution emerged out of peace talks that ended years of bloody warfare following the breakup of Yugoslavia .	17	3
They are very well made and realistic .	6	5
Some of the answers were extraordinary ;	2	2
So do n't get taken in , keep your eyes open if you choose to shop here .	13	3
Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy , even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery ( as he had twice stated i must agree to ) .	3	2
Controls on forms and reports need not have unique names , but names of controls on a page must be unique .	2	3
one for viewers familiar with the books ( i.e. , “ Experts ” ) and one for viewers unfamiliar with the books and averse to “ spoilers ” ( i.e. , “ Newbies ” ) .	7	1
The one he 'd just left , Borgin and Burkes , looked like the largest , but opposite was a nasty window display of shrunken heads , and two doors down , a large cage was alive with gigantic black spiders .	39	3
Another thought with this being a mosquito season from hell could it be West Nile ?	8	2
Convicts broke stones with hands like that , here .	4	3
that open violation of the laws are constantly occurring , caused by mobs , parties , factions and undue influence of political sects ;	21	5
52 - Percentage of votes cast during the 2002 midterm elections that were recorded by Election Systems & Software , the largest voting - technology firm , a big Republican donor .	4	3
At the same time , it pleased him to know that Stillman also had a red notebook , as if this formed a secret link between them .	9	2
Originally , a proposal was promised for the beginning of last year .	6	2
I am putting the credit worksheet on the fax machine to you as soon as I send this message .	4	3
The owl Mum and Dad bought Percy when he was made a prefect , said Fred from the front .	0	2
Well I think that ’s a pretty good question ; I do n’t see why it should , I mean there happens to be no other military alliance remotely comparable — if there happened to be one I ’d be opposed to that too .	17	1
Furthermore , before and after the implementation of the intervention , we performed a D2 Test of attention that measures selective and sustained attention , as well as visual scanning accuracy and speed .	23	5
York is an ancient cathedral city with a history that dates back to before Roman times .	1	1
" Still , both authors used the form of the realist novel to probe the machinations of society and the myriad motives of human behavior .	5	2
HR , intended to be a key user of this tool , will not use BackWeb because survey responses can not be made anonymous .	15	4
I called and got the same runaround on hold and noone calls you back .	14	1
Quinn was no longer that part of him that could write books , and although in many ways Quinn continued to exist , he no longer existed for anyone but himself .	2	1
From the director 's point of view , the film is a precarious balancing act , between cheery family hijinks and hard - hitting social drama .	16	4
“ Fucking airsurfers , ” says Derya .	2	5
In fact , I even wondered what had happened to you .	9	1
I had hear great things about Phet and G&G Automotive so I decided to give him a try .	8	2
Now feed the one in the breeding tank as much bloodworms , blackworms and / or earthworms as it can eat for 3 - 5 days .	10	5
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of May 1 .	1	2
Everything about Peter Stillman was white .	6	1
In fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .	32	3
Beyond the naval threat is the possibility of Iran throwing its military muscle into the ongoing struggle in Iraq .	3	3
I – I mean , he faltered as sparks flew from Mrs Weasley 's eyes , that – that was very wrong , boys – very wrong indeed	2	1
Given that there are no vaccines or drug treatments for illnesses like dengue fever and West Nile virus , and that treatments for diseases like malaria are difficult to access in many at - risk areas , more effective mechanisms for controlling mosquito populations are desperately needed .	8	5
He needs more info about these trades ( i.e. , price info ) and would like to talk with you about it .	2	2
MAR 20 , 2014 .	0	2
Personally I do n't give a damn what adults do to one another as long as there is no abuse invovled .	18	1
But let s hope for their sake ( and the sake of all space lovers out there ) that they can redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again .	9	2
We will finalize the message points on tomorrow 's daily call ( 10 AM CST ) .	12	1
Equine collages uk NEED HELP !!!?	5	2
" No , " I said .	0	1
Please respond to < ekrapels@esaibos.com >	1	4
JUNO AND OPEN I LOVE YOU GUYS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	3	1
This document reflects our group 's main concerns about the future of the ACP-EU link .	13	3
25 - Percentage of the world 's oil used by America .	10	4
Daniel Montalvo , 19 , a member of Scientology all his life , was arrested after leaving its elite group the Sea Org .	13	2
Greece was divided into many small , self - governing communities , a pattern largely dictated by Greek geography : every island , valley and plain is cut off from its neighbours by the sea or mountain ranges .	36	4
Perhaps that 's why a surge of tears clouds his pupils while the syllable of time unearths his crop and surrenders his mystery to the bound waters .	9	2
Here are some emails we have sent , along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June , just for your information .	7	1
I guess you get what you pay for .	7	2
I apologize for the following inconvenience , but I have decided to move this group to Yahoo , so that we can post files and photos and other useful things .	15	1
Thus , it suggests the use of digital games in an integrated way the school activities in the classroom .	5	2
Just to let you all know Matt has confirmed the booking for 3rd Dec i s OK .	3	2
for three years he trained and worked at the office of Victor Passez , a family friend .	10	1
He could go to Paris , for example .	6	2
The staff taking your order and " waiting " on you are very indifferent and have no sense of costumer service at all .	16	1
However there are many MLAs with deeply - held religious beliefs who oppose any new legislation .	0	4
Unfortunately for those eager to indefinitely carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in South Asia , Pervez Musharraf has now called Colin Powell 's bluff , challenging him to deliver on his frequent statements implying that the Indians jump to his commands .	8	2
Older males often tend to have urinary tract issues , so your cat has done very well .	9	1
Attached are clean and blacklined drafts of the Enron guaranties to be made in support of EPMI 's obligations under the Indian Mesa II Renewable Energy Purchase Agreement ( " PPA " ) and Green Premium Sharing Agreement ( " GSPA " ) .?	37	5
Specifically , schemas define the rules of an XML data document , including element names and data types , which elements can appear in combination , and which attributes are available for each element .	0	6
I gave the woman I spoke with today a " You 've been yelped ! " card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna .	9	1
He wrote them in a stylised language that does not always spring naturally from the needs of the characters or the drama .	18	5
PS Your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games ( when I found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in Shreveport ( I ca n't remember the name of it )) I realized he is a very , very sick college football fan .	34	2
The investigative committee , headed by state Sen. Joe Dunn , D - Santa Ana , is focusing on a series of events last fall filled with enough Shakespearean plot twists and intrigue that it has earned a name around the Capitol : " the palace coup . "	34	1
He then " fixed " it for free but it still looked like crap .	2	1
17th , like over by 16th and 15th YES , I say , one mile west of you .	15	2
all know that after the end of the year they 'll be on contract , and that means they 'll be replaced in three years .	12	1
Back to my poor rating - I was excepted to medical school and went in to cancel my membership as I was told I could do since I was moving away .	16	3
you can check it out : los angeles online dating	0	2
I will see you in the lobby at 7 am .	8	1
Great Limos company int he DFW fort Worth Metro area .	7	3
We oppose the use of sacred texts and religious traditions to deny legal equity to same - gender couples .	8	5
( But this is a certified car from a dealer . )	0	1
Do you raid a mosque , which serves as a terrorist ammunition storage ?	0	1
Over the days that passed , Quinn noted a collapsible umbrella shorn of its material , the severed head of a rubber doll , a black glove , the bottom of a shattered light bulb , several pieces of printed matter ( sogged magazines , shredded newspapers ) , a torn photograph , anonymous machinery parts , and sundry other clumps of flotsam he could not identify .	26	3
I do n't have enough information to answer this question , one way or the other .	4	3
I 'm quite sure , you do n't even have to buy another , all you need to do , is to pour some oil on the wheel , or even put some rubber on it's edges , the part that is making the noise .	17	1
I am doing origami jewelry and found exactly the right things for earrings and got many other ideas there too .	19	2
I have two cats , and at first they hissed at each other because cats are very territorial , but now they do fight and play .	21	2
In some cases the result is because of understaffing , in some cases the staff just does n't care / know better .	12	3
My breyers need stables or barns though ..... and I need directions and materials on how to make them .	10	2
Assignments have already been made and I will schedule a conference call later this week to discuss related details .?	10	5
He recalled that she was less interested in details , such as staircases .	3	2
i am going to happy hour after work to eat and drink .	1	1
I 'll take it to my bank tomorrow morning , deposit it in my account , and give you the money when it clears .	16	2
The traditional greeting known as the wai , where you press your hands together as is in prayer and bow slightly , is derived from the Hindu cultural influence from India , and still widely practised .	17	3
UNLESS OTHERWISE AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES IN WRITING , LICENSOR OFFERS THE WORK AS - IS AND MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MATERIALS , EXPRESS , IMPLIED , STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE , INCLUDING , WITHOUT LIMITATION , WARRANTIES OF TITLE , MERCHANTIBILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE , NONINFRINGEMENT , OR THE ABSENCE OF LATENT OR OTHER DEFECTS , ACCURACY , OR THE PRESENCE OF ABSENCE OF ERRORS , WHETHER OR not DISCOVERABLE .	32	4
Whenever you are presented with something that you do n’t want to do or would consider putting off , ask yourself , “ will this take me less than two minutes to finish ? ”	20	4
When civilians launched a suicidal attack on an armed force in Kyiv on February 20 , their sense of representing " the nation " far outweighed their concern with their individual mortality .	6	1
This shall be applauded given the size and strength of Phailin .	10	4
I want to save up for a canon t3i , around 750 - 800 + :(	12	1
The big hit of the evening , Wikinews observed from the long line , was the Polaroid-room where attendees could wear a Warhol-like wig or don crazy glasses and have their own Polaroid taken .	16	6
I 'm willing to give it a shot .	7	2
Why were they suddenly acted on Saturday ?	7	1
" There should be no preferential access to government , or appearance of preferential access , accorded to individuals or organizations because they have made financial contributions to politicians and political parties , " the guidelines read .	1	3
Green Tea Or White Tea ?	5	1
Do the job honest and quickly as possible .	1	2
The rest of the candidates elected in this constituency were young and relatively new activists from the localist camp , Lau Siu-lai and Youngspiration 's Yau Wai-ching .	0	2
the camera only begins to work again when i take out the battery and put it back in .	0	2
No Russian - speaking refugees from eastern Ukraine or Crimea have fled into Russia , and no Russian - speaker has sought political asylum anywhere else outside the country .	26	4
Opening night , January 23 , 2014 , of the Andy Warhol exhibit of Polaroids and screen prints at the University of Southern Indiana .	4	1
We will try to complete the I/C with the earliest in - service date possible , but with conditions as they are , a realistic date would be June 15 , 2002 .	8	2
Identifying filters that are currently in effect	4	5
They have been accumulating for years , and basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he feels like it .	17	1
They have seen your pet , and are most aware of his condition .	6	2
He asked for a different pair instead and they only gave him five dollars off ??	2	2
I did the work myself for $ 50 .	3	2
To view and modify the contents of a PivotTable view by using Excel , you can export the PivotTable view to Excel .	9	2
You can change property settings for a group of controls of the same type or for a group of controls of different types .	23	1
They shut the owl in the paint locker while they debated what to do with it , and in the night John set it free .	24	2
Everyone was friendly from the receptionist to the surgeon herself , putting me at my ease and explaining the whole process , both initially and then as we went along .	8	4
Prepare the muffin tray by adding cupcake holders / cases .	4	1
Further , we posited that if our initial hypothesis was not supported , and in fact there was some non-adult-like performance , that there would be significant variability among the conditions , with cardinal numbers having the highest performance and some the weakest .	32	2
Muslims are required to make a pilgrimage to Mecca during their lifetimes , if physically or financially possible , as it is one of the five pillars of the Islamic faith .	31	1
While this is most apparent in the area of your career , you 'll see it showing up in other important aspects of your life .	17	1
America can adopt a new growth strategy – moving away from excess consumption toward a model based on saving and investing in people , infrastructure , and capacity .	24	6
He can not accept calls , visits or flowers at this time , since he is in the emergency room .?	13	3
In the mean time , much stronger friction over land quickly reduces their strength .	13	4
The measures you described could be improved and there are others which you did not mention .	9	2
Mrs Weasley was clattering around , cooking breakfast a little haphazardly , throwing dirty looks at her sons as she threw sausages into the frying pan .	2	2
$ 2 b - Estimated monthly cost of US military presence in Iraq projected by the White House in April 2003 .	10	4
Stan commented on the creation of the Santorum cocktail , " When he was winning in the polls , I thought , ' OK , I 'll do a Santorum ' . "	32	1
This is not just the fault of the Commission , but I believe that we need to take action more quickly so as to achieve harmonisation in this area as well .	20	4
He was three months late in filing a name for the business , and he threatened to call his company Apple Computers if the other colleagues did n't suggest a better name by 5 O'clock .	4	2
You mean Edward 's not going to take part in the celebrations ?	8	2
I 'm planning my trip to Asia and S. Korea is one of the destinations .	11	2
There were 3 adults in our room but towels for only 2 , no linens for sofa bed .	7	2
A helicopter snored over the celebrations , drowning the exchange of greetings when Bray was introduced to someone in the street , expunging conversation in bars and even speeches .	16	1
" If China 's economy falters , which , in my view , appears increasingly likely , then commodity prices will plummet , and with them , the value of the assets that produce them , " Jason Kindopp , Eurasia 's lead China analyst , said .	32	2
You 've still got to get country people to realize that these functions are now distributed among various agencies :	8	1
In addition , the clothing is of much better quality than the clothing from hot topic , which is made as cheaply as possible by people living in horrible conditions in Asia .	16	1
Jared just told me you have a BUNCH of stuff on your plate and I think you are about to get much busier too .	11	2
A sender purporting to be islamist sent cyanide in both early 2002 and early 2003 in New Zealand and ingredients of nerve gas in Belgium in 2003 .	10	3
The important point is to develop some psycho-spiritual connection between your mind and the universal Consciousness or Supreme Consciousness .	17	4
However , his rival Prabowo Subianto also declared victory , leaving Indonesian citizens confused .	6	2
It appeared , however , I was also one of the Workers , with a capital – you know . Something like an emissary of light , something like a lower sort of apostle .	24	1
It is a great course for local golfers to be proud of and all the comments in 2008 have been very positive !!	4	3
So I will mainly talk about how to use a representation theory to solve all kind of problems and conjectures in asymptotic groups theory .	22	3
Frictions between the two partners have developed over a wide range of issues , including trade , the renminbi 's exchange rate , regional security , intellectual property , and cyber attacks , among others .	32	1
Andy Haldane , one of the lieutenants Carney inherited at the BoE , has questioned the financial sector 's economic contribution , pointing to " its ability to both invigorate and incapacitate large parts of the non - financial economy .	38	5
However , like much of the Southwest with a large Hispanic population , Spanish is very widely spoken in Phoenix .	3	2
If it becomes apparent that you cannot open either of your two parachutes , or that for some other reason they are fatally non-functional , then the following steps may be of some minor assistance .	16	2
In doing so , the US could draw support from exports , especially to a rebalanced China – currently its third - largest and fastest - growing major export market .	7	2
During this search , Michele Tollis became convinced that satanism had something to do with his son 's disappearance .	17	1
Aside from the excellent transportation infrastructure that was completed in time for the 2004 Olympics ( from new freeways to light rail systems ) , the city 's historic center underwent serious renovation .	17	2
Bending to the left indicates : " I know how to fulfil Your demands . "	3	2
They have always done a great job at a reasonable price .	11	1
I 'm assuming they are completely out of business since I ca n't find any contact information .	16	6
I should just like to confirm that the Commissioner and the French Minister for Europe are both agreed on that point .	8	6
The French Digital Council , which advises on bills in line with questions of digital technology , could also scrutinise it .	13	1
There was no mention of a detective agency , but that did not necessarily mean anything .	8	1
When a view has multiple row and column fields , the fields that are closest to the detail data are referred to as inner fields .	23	3
George Harrison said that he is tired of listening to people talk about John Lennon ....	11	2
He claimed that the new naturalism of Ibsen 's plays had made Shakespeare obsolete .	13	4
Please use this new file as opposed to the one I sent earlier .	3	2
I have eaten here twice in the past year and will not go back and can not recommend it .	12	1
I will call you in a couple of days to follow up on this email .	10	3
I came in for alterations ( free , by the way ) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse .	7	1
Although it had a prestigious past , the city 's political , economic , and cultural importance had declined over the centuries , leaving behind only its classical ruins as a reminder of better times .	5	2
Amendment No-6 makes more radical changes to the guideline maps , adding new links and creating new categories of ports .	14	2
It is all very unique and you wo nt find any other baby wearing the same stuff .	6	2
We have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose .	20	3
Your children will be taken care of and loved by a professional staff .	6	1
The writing is simple , yet the individuals ( especially the bourgeois title character ) are dynamic and complex .	7	6
If Access does n't find a RefLibPaths key , it searches for the referenced file in the locations listed below in the following order :	21	2
Everything had been reduced to chance , a nightmare of numbers and probabilities .	5	3
Given the volume of content this represents , it is easy to forget that the television series itself is an adaptation of a book series with a pre-existing fandom .	9	1
I just adopted a 2 year old male German Shepherd with Major bad behaviors ?	4	1
Not so , Kids are what kids are and will do what they do .	7	2
Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41 .	18	2
Locked in the cupboard under the stairs , and I ca n't get out of this room –	8	2
There 's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK .	10	1
From the south , the quickest route is probably to take the M1 northbound to junction 32 , then the M18 eastbound to junction 2 , the A1M northbound to junction 44 and finally the A64 eastbound to the York Outer Ring Road ( A1237 ) .	32	2
Some reporters ( you know , the ones with journalistic ethics ) have actually uncovered the truth about George Bush 's service in the Texas Air National Guard .	1	5
Groups : alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , talk.politics.animals	6	6
Cockroaches fled , pausing , from what they regarded as positions of safety , to twirl their antennae .	16	3
I 've never felt the need to write a review or make a complaint before , but after the way I was spoken to by a member of staff at the kennels ( whose name I believe to be Mrs Closs ) I would now not recommend this business to anybody .	13	5
Friendly Efficient and overall great place for people in chronic intractable pain	3	4
If you ever go on a cruise ship , you will be required to attend a SOLAS muster drill ( lifeboat drill ) within 24 hours of sailing .	9	2
These North African and Oriental immigrants are blamed for bringing a baksheesh mentality to Israel ; the intellectuals are blamed for letting the quality of life ( a deplorable phrase ) deteriorate .	18	2
1 The rank of the United States worldwide in terms of greenhouse gas emissions .	0	1
This date , which can be traced back to an 18 th - century scholar 's mistake , has proved appealing to biographers , since Shakespeare died 23 April 1616 .	20	5
750,000 - Tons of toxic waste the US military , the world 's biggest polluter , generates around the world each year .	19	3
The directive codifies the case law of the Court of Justice and ensures that it will be consistently applied .	13	2
Marek Dzida the owner and photographer puts whole heart in his business - If you are into old fashion ( Not Digital ) quality photography this is best place in Long Beach as I think not many folks can do affordable traditional photos anymore I know Marek personaly and I will always recommend him	36	2
Ten years later your check should still be the same or greater , fulfilling the promise of long - term residual income .	4	3
Now that Afghanistan , Iraq and Libya are out , two and a half terrorist states remain : Iran , Syria and Lebanon , the latter being a Syrian colony .	19	1
You sit here and think : who is this person talking to me ?	11	1
I had to call the Office of the Registrar General in Thunder Bay , have copies of the delayed registration form mailed out to me , as they do n't have an online area for it yet , fill those out , send them away , then apply for his birth certificate .	34	2
The US chose to ally itself with such groups as the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq , whose 15,000 - strong Badr Corps paramilitary was trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards .	33	3
Have distributed to Western GA team ( plus Steffes ) for comment and thought you may have some , too .	1	6
My waiter was so excellent I gave him a 75 % tip , and it was worht every penny ..	16	3
I have also looked at the photo galleries for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants and I have narrowed it down to three establishments .	7	5
He said that they have the training and the funding as well as the support of neighbouring and regional governments .	4	2
Per my voice mail , here is the letter .	9	1
An idea at the back of it ; not a sentimental pretense but an idea ; and an unselfish belief in the idea – something you can set up , and bow down before , and offer a sacrifice to ... .	14	2
Unfortunately for them , the general has decided to take seriously Colin Powell 's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the Indians made conciliatory gestures toward Islamabad .	5	4
Dando took him to the Bayleys ; but Neil was a friend of Mweta , and Vivien was the niece of , of all people , Sir William Clough , the last governor , who had been a junior with Bray in the colonial service in Tanganyika .	38	3
Napa is all about wine but gives very short descriptions of the wines on their lists .	3	3
I 've modified my Holga 120 to take 35 mm film and I know that you ca n't wind the film back , you have to open the back of the camera ( in a darkroom ) to rewind the film .	17	2
However , we draw on our many faith traditions to arrive at a common conviction .	13	3
If you are a handcraft beer person , this is a fantastic place to be .	15	1
Thane is in Austin on Friday , but is available by phone .	2	1
Read the labels for contents .	5	1
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( Phone ) 713-646-3393 ( Fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	5	6
Department of Labor Findings on the Worst Forms of Child Labor reported that 56 % of children aged 5 to 14 were working children and that almost 53 % of children aged 7 to 14 combined work and school .	39	1
8 - Number of members of the US Senate and House of Representatives who have a child serving in the military .	14	2
Make sure it ’s a target your audience will be interested in and something they ’re likely willing to laugh at . [ 2 ]	3	1
Radianz 1251 Avenue of the Americas 7th Floor New York , NY 10016 USA Phone : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4425 Fax : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4310 Cell : +1 ( 917 ) 859-7187 Email : kyle.jones@radianz.com	13	2
Scholars are not certain when each of the 154 sonnets was composed , but evidence suggests that Shakespeare wrote sonnets throughout his career for a private readership .	9	4
As I mentioned in my voice mail , Mike Roberts going to hire Sara Woody , a recent MBA grad from Rice , into his group .	3	1
This is o.k. for Ken Lay , but we are changing to a more uniform address , so would likely be better to use kenneth.lay@enron.com .	5	2
The Mets matched that run in their half of the inning on a double by Wilson and a single by Youngblood .	7	2
Unless New Delhi does better in providing security to its own nationals against rebels , secessionists , drug runners and arms traffickers , it will not generate much confidence in the capitals of surrounding nations .	13	3
Neiafu offers all the usual amenities including banks , schools , tour companies , restaurants , cafes and bars , supermarkets , a market and a hospital .	17	2
Opposite it there are olives still , which Arabs are harvesting with long poles .	13	3
I want to know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a report , not a legislative proposal , and whether that is something I can competently do on Thursday .	17	1
We need a brief report summarising the experience gained and a clear review .	10	1
Between 1585 and 1592 , he began a successful career in London as an actor , writer , and part - owner of a playing company called the Lord Chamberlain 's Men , later known as the King 's Men .	32	1
We walked back through the school because it was drizzling , my father tall in his navy suit and my shoes going click on the linoleum .	16	2
But when the Senate answered him definitively by prohibiting him from competing at the consolate and giving him the option of either withdrawing his troops or becoming a public enemy , he understood that , whatever alternative he chose , he would surrender unarmed into the hands of his political enemies .	22	6
The Social Fund has certainly improved our third - level institutions , financed our post - leaving certificate programmes and put in place comprehensive schemes to help combat youth and long-term unemployment , assist early school leavers and promote higher standards of adult literacy .	30	5
Open your image while it 's still in color	6	3
A sender purporting to be islamist sent cyanide in both early 2002 and early 2003 in New Zealand and ingredients of nerve gas in Belgium in 2003 .	20	1
Does she have any interest in meeting one - on - one or is she just looking for a public hanging ?	13	1
Ukraine 's constitutional structure is for Ukraine 's citizens alone to decide .	0	4
Thanks .	0	3
Today , European leaders are indulging in triumphalism , viewing the current economic reprieve as a validation of failed transnational governance structures .	22	1
Using 5 x 700 ml / 23.6 fl oz bottles , pour 300 ml / 10.1 fl oz of vodka into a jug and fill each bottle with skittles .	6	2
You will also face the ire of most people there .	4	2
Laser grips are the most common for wangs .	5	3
There was a scrubbed wooden table and chairs in the middle and Harry sat down on the edge of his seat , looking around .	19	2
The intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward MTM debtors and creditor balances OBSF transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account	25	2
You can export tables , queries , and the data behind forms or reports from a Microsoft Access database ( .mdb ) as well as tables , views , stored produces , functions , and the data behind forms and reports from a Microsoft Access project ( .adp ) .	42	1
But my wife and I first went there thinking it would be Brazilian food ( think lots of meat ) , but it turned out to be a vegan restaurant !	8	4
When you see flower buds , pinch them and two pairs of leaves under them off .	3	3
You do n't have to sit and wait around forever like most places !!	6	2
( 2 ) No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his property .	0	1
For how long have you been involved in performing / studying magic ?	0	2
Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg tweeted to Mohamed and said the boy was welcome to come and tour the company .	1	5
" We are seeing many , many countries and especially large new emitters like Brazil , South Africa , India and China stepping up to the plate in terms of playing a role in reducing emissions , " said Guilbeault .	30	4
In 1594 PEREZ wrote & published a book under the assumed name of " RAPHAEL PEREGRINO . "	4	1
There is n't much to see in the delta , it 's a lifestyle not a resort area .	11	1
So hear we are , two weeks later , after that dazzling PR display two weeks ago by Powell and Annan , and the situation on the ground in Darfur appears basically unchanged .	7	3
Meagan does have a couple of big things on the weekend in January -- National Charity League Senior Presentation ( big dance that she and I are committed to help with ) , the Bearkadette Ball and a winter party for Cotillion .	27	5
I dropped the truck off in the morning and it was ready that afternoon .	6	2
04/30/2001 12:35 PM	2	1
The service is solicitous , the atmosphere is nice and mod except the out - of - place flat - screen TV playing football .	0	2
You might ask Mweta , if you get a chance to talk to him , ask him if he is n't going to find a piddling little job somewhere , something with a decent label to it , for poor old Shinza , he was banging on the Colonial Secretary 's door with a panga while Mweta was a snotty picannin singing hymns up at the mission school .	52	2
I have purchased over 15 vehicles ( cars , rvs , and boats ) in my lifetime and I have to say the experience with Michael and Barrett Motor Cars of San Antonio was one of the best .	31	2
From the later 1800s to the 1920s Mérida enjoyed prosperous boom times fueled by the henequen or sisal plant harvest , which made Yucatán the rope maker to the world .	4	1
It ’s sort of like , " Hmmm ... that ’s hilarious . That ’s really really funny " rather than people falling off their chairs .	18	1
Writing in a blog post , Matthew Ingram of The Globe and Mail dubbed the ongoing conflict involving the Church of Scientology 's attempts to remove the Cruise video from the Internet : " Scientology vs. the Internet , part XVII " .	21	6
It suggested a talent for daily organization that filled Carroll 's heart with admiration and lust .	9	4
An ancient town and capital of Persia from 1598 to 1722 , it was long noted for its fine carpets and silver filigree .	2	2
Then , this month , it said that it opposed moves to refer Iran 's nuclear stand - off with the International Atomic Energy Agency to the United Nations Security Council .	2	2
Hair By Nivine in eastgardens fixed my hair after i had my hair cut and colored at another salon i felt more confident and the girls are fantastic and i ve been going there now for 2 years always happy and they care about my hair had my hair done for my wedding it looked fabolous !	37	3
The terms instructed that she pass it down intact to " the first son of her body " .	4	2
It was ok , nice management , they let us check in early , but the place was old .	8	2
If you choose to get a parakeet this is a trick that I used to tame them .	9	1
If anyone is interested in listening to this song , and in offering their opinion , whether it be positive or negative , I 'd appreciate it .	6	1
Pacific Standard owner , Jonathan M. Stan , displays the Santorum cocktail drink as a finished product at the bar . ( 2012 ) .	17	1
It ’s another low-grade moment of horror , but I think about that particular time with my mother because Renata was there and we were united , she and I .	16	1
You can change the security mode for accessing the SQL Server database on a computer running Windows NT .	17	1
Creative Commons Corporation is not a law firm and does not provide legal services .	5	1
Each of you should be proud of your massive contributions throughout the year !	7	2
I have counted around 25 of them and they currently reside in a 20 gallon tank .	16	1
Nida then sets forth the differences in translation , as he would account for it , within three basic factors :	7	6
the Paddington rail crash in London , the terrible rail crash in Norway , the two aviation crashes involving EU citizens and the natural disaster involving the Erika off Brittany - all within the last four months - remind us that transport safety can never be taken for granted and that those charged with protecting the public must be highly motivated and highly qualified .	22	2
This means the experimenter does n't know which ants belong to which treatment , so it 's impossible to influence the results with ' observer bias ' .	24	4
One of my most cherished dualities is the understanding that we are both autonomous individuals with the power to shape our personal destinies and at the same time we are all one , that there is no separation between you and I , we are all together in this thing called life , we human beings , the birds and the tress , the rocks and the sky , all of it .	54	3
Combine 50 milliliters of hydrogen peroxide and a liter of distilled water in a mixing bowl .	10	5
I had my horse transported from CA to WA and he came on this big , open stock trailer .	4	6
The poetry depends on extended , sometimes elaborate metaphors and conceits , and the language is often rhetorical — written for actors to declaim rather than speak .	16	3
The 2.6 -% margin of fluctuation is nothing new ; it already exists within the present system and is already being applied .	2	1
He rose from his seat , excused himself to Quinn , and walked quickly towards the door .	0	1
Within five hours John had repaired the engines , but the port officials claimed that the ship was incapacitated and demanded that the captain post a twenty-thousand-dollar bond against expenses that might be run up by his " crippled ship . "	41	1
At least one expert believes China 's intentions might include a surprise attempt to circle the moon with astronauts before NASA 's planned lunar return .	12	4
The term of office of one of the Judges of the General Court appointed in accordance with paragraph 1 shall expire on 31 August 2007 .	0	2
I rang SRD PAT testing and within 3 hours Scot had come to my premises and PAT tested all my our Spill The Whisky barn dance band equipment , and supplied a certificate for only 70 p per unit .	36	1
How are strangers supposed to know why YOU want to do that sort of job ?	6	2
" War maniacs of the South Korean puppet military made another grave provocation to the DPRK in the central western sector of the front on Thursday afternoon .	17	2
" You do not achieve peace from history , " he says .	8	1
I have two cats , and at first they hissed at each other because cats are very territorial , but now they do fight and play .	25	2
He really knew only some of the people but all of them seemed to know about him , and many were the friends of friends .	8	2
On my asking who Mr. Kurtz was , he said he was a first-class agent ; and seeing my disappointment at this information , he added slowly , laying down his pen , ' He is a very remarkable person . '	1	1
Growing Beavertail can be done at any time of year by scattering seeds in a shady bed or , for faster results , planting cuttings in a mix of soil and sand and ensuring that they have a bit of water and plenty of sun .	41	2
I mean that was discussed in U.S arms control journals , that they would have to regard as a potential threat to their strategic deterrent , meaning as a first strike weapon .	28	1
The Pericles programme is playing a significant role in achieving the present results in the protection of the euro and the fight against the crime of counterfeiting , through the exchange of information and the development of cooperation .	5	1
The President will be expecting me to have come for you with the Mercedes , but , honestly , if I 'd have waited to get it I would have turned up I do n't know when .	11	2
Ron 's school spellbooks were stacked untidily in a corner , next to a pile of comics that all seemed to feature The Adventures of Martin Miggs , the Mad Muggle .	29	2
His father was the last president to go through an entire State of the Union address without mentioning the environment .	5	5
The bombings implicated Muslims , and exacerbated regional tensions which the Bush regime and its friends wearing the brass in the Philippine military sought to exploit .	12	3
In the standing photo ( from the front ) there is a corner of a rug creeping in , some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord .	3	3
I applied to get a student visa to study in Canada , I received one that is valid until October of 2015 .	0	1
What I criticise is the spirit underlying these amendments .	5	3
If some records in one of the fields you used in the expression might have a Null value , you can convert the Null value to zero using the Nz function as shown in the following example :	5	1
After the major kill - offs , wolves outside of Alaska and Canada existed mostly as legend .	14	3
If it wo n't take pre-killed and you usually feed live then you could hold the rat by the tail and whack it against a hard surface , like a refrigerator or wall .	6	2
After a number of people began complaining about " mystery deaths " among incubating eggs , some of the more advanced killie people began suggesting that after 7 - 8 days of incubation , one should do a 100 % water change - as the eggs develop , they do release waste material .	42	1
The doors opened ; voices from without came in on currents of air ; he emerged among the others into heady recognition taken in at all the senses , walking steadily across the tarmac through the raw-potato whiff of the undergrowth , the fresh , early warmth on hands , the cool metallic taste of last night 's storm at the back of the throat ,	27	3
GOODWYN : According to Archibald , Mr. Bush would also sometimes tell stories about his days at Yale in New Haven , and how whenever he got pulled over for erratic driving , he was let go after the officers discovered he was the grandson of a Connecticut US senator .	40	5
If they are getting quotes to put up new rock then we will need to clarify .	12	2
Madam President , if the vote records correctly how my Group voted I shall not , and cannot , object to that .	0	3
THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to " breathe " .	23	1
During the first century of development , Spanish dominance in the region remained undisputed .	11	3
The late romances , with their shifts in time and surprising turns of plot , inspired a last poetic style in which long and short sentences are set against one another , clauses are piled up , subject and object are reversed , and words are omitted , creating an effect of spontaneity .	28	4
Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract , or several ?	2	3
As a result , the transnationality and multidisciplinarity required under Article 3 of the Pericles Decision have been respected , with the latter pursued both at the level of professional background of the participants and in terms of the content of the actions .	24	2
The first set of issues includes slow - burn problems involving externalities , the leading example being environmental degradation .	1	3
In our proposals in relation to Agenda 2000 we considered the probable future trend of competition between pigmeat and beef .	11	4
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they had n’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .	25	2
However , with BNA offering one day of free parking due to construction of the new rental car facility , it may be cheaper to park at BNA .	24	1
Since early Summer 2003 , the number of counterfeit euro banknotes detected in circulation has stabilised at about 50000 a month , a level below the pre - euro levels , lower than the US dollar and extremely low compared to the nine billion genuine euro banknotes in circulation .	37	5
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company ' Moore Noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics .	13	3
My perspective is entirely based on what I see , on what I read and on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years .	11	2
Next month , Ukraine 's citizens will freely choose a new President – the best rebuke possible to Russian propaganda about our supposed failure to uphold democracy .	0	2
They are located at the same place .	1	2
In our winner - takes - all economy , an innovator who develops a better Web site for online dog - food purchases and deliveries may attract everyone around the world who uses the Internet to order dog food , making enormous profits in the process .	24	5
Furthermore , no distinction shall be made on the basis of the political , jurisdictional or international status of the country or territory to which a person belongs , whether it be independent , trust , non - self-governing or under any other limitation of sovereignty .	26	3
What is known so far is that childhood obesity has become an epidemic in many countries , with an alarming rise in rates of type 2 diabetes and coronary disease implying a significant negative impact on life expectancy in future generations .	11	1
Okinawa is quite different from the rest of Japan , although of course there are similarities .	13	3
I am a music junkie that grew up in the 80's , and my dad worked for a record label in the 1960's .	14	2
They gave him the African cook 's special lunch that he remembered so well : slightly burned meat soup with lots of barley , overdone steak with fried onions , a pudding frothy on top and gelatinous underneath , tasting of eggs and granadilla juice .	21	1
When Baptist Pastor Stephen Jones talks about what makes for a happy marriage with Janice , his wife of 35 years , one special ingredient might surprise you : Double - dating with coupled friends who happen to be gay .	32	2
We envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order , filing , etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information .	12	1
Holly - the owner , knows exactly how to make you feel beautiful in clothes .	8	1
I 'm sorry , forty-eight years you were under British rule , digging their mines , building roads for them , making towns , living in shanties and waiting on them , cleaning up after them , treated like dirt ... now it 's all over , you really think there was any way at all you could enter the modern world without suffering ?	30	2
However , now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $ 6,000 + despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do , I feel I have to voice my opinion .	8	4
figure out how many stalls you want , then measure square cube sections for length and width of horse ,	0	3
i have never tried feeding him a pinky that was bigger around than he is .	2	3
I need to check something in 969 's 2000 tax return .	11	1
Then it 's real easy to call Ben Taub to find out a room number .? The address is below .?	2	1
I am going to count it as signed , since BC Gas has signed , but we still need it to be signed by ECC .	21	1
A further nine percent can be eliminated over the next eight years , at a reasonable cost .	11	3
Some would argue that there should be fair use without fair compensation .	9	4
This is a nice place , and I know we will return to meet my sister - in - law from Chicago !!	13	2
I am hiring them to come once a week now that they got my house to where they can maintain it for only an hour and a half every two weeks !	21	2
You can check the validity of all of this at the Beyond Control website .	14	1
and you ! said Mrs Weasley , but it was with a slightly softened expression that she started cutting Harry bread and buttering it for him .	19	3
This Directive is a contribution to this .	7	1
( 3 ) The will of the people shall be the basis of the authority of government ;	2	1
They were by no means the only ones making their way to the bookshop .	0	2
We see the base of the food chain , the plankton , the small things , and we see how those animals are food to animals in the middle of the pyramid , and on so up this diagram .	29	1
The ARVN rushed back from holiday leave and counterattacked .	3	2
Throughout history , tyrants have known that by denying the right of oppressed peoples to form and nurture families , they can kill the spirit of those peoples .	25	1
I could n't say no ... so Nicki ( the little girl - 10 yrs. old ) and I waited for the bus .	12	1
The civilized world believes in democracy , the rule of law , including international law , human rights , free speech and free press , among other liberties .	5	5
Simply put , confidence is sexy .	4	1
He 's a good kitty , just when he plays he bites REALLY hard .	14	1
No , I captained in 2010 .	5	2
Got some nice " freshly baked " fruit squares , a personal favorite of mine .	4	4
We just did a deal for the rest of the month for 10,000 / d at meter # 1552 QE - 1 @ $ 4.355 .... can you let me and Robert Lloyd know what the sitara # is ?	3	1
I also want to express my disagreement on the support given to the American law on Hong-Kong .	13	4
British women too are entitled to the same treatment as all the other citizens of Europe .	2	2
I assume this is 12:30 Central Time ?	4	3
Please Nkrumah Road .	0	3
But I also hope no one feels any obligation to download , especially if you have an internet connection as slow mine ( 28 k ) .	11	1
The marches on the 12th of July are only really attended by protestants in the Ulster but in spite of the are the largest attended paraded in Ireland .	25	4
Therefore , I need to know ASAP if there are any problems with the draft as written .	13	2
In the pharmaceutical sector – which is particularly vulnerable to IP infringement – a stronger IP regime could increase FDI inflows from $ 1.5 billion this year to $ 8.3 billion in 2020 , with pharmaceutical R&D doubling to $ 1.3 billion over the same period .	25	2
In 1623 , John Heminges and Henry Condell , two of Shakespeare 's friends from the King 's Men , published the First Folio , a collected edition of Shakespeare 's plays .	22	3
I shall you tomorrow to discuss the details .	8	1
Some times , the airline provides these at the airport , however check first that this is the case .	9	4
This is a right which does not incur financial consequences .	5	2
( Green symbolizes " Islam " and Prophet Mohammed 's holy war ) .	12	1
France integrated the economy of Cameroun with that of France and improved the infrastructure with capital investments and skilled workers , modifying the system of forced labour .	4	1
Unfair for the girl as boys do n't have that kind of handicap , but that 's the way our own rules work .	11	1
There was a click again and the rustle , and I could not think of what it could be .	6	2
Likewise one can take the PHX skytrain over to the nearby 44th & Washington St Station to catch the #1 ( west to the downtown Central Station and Priest & Washington in Tempe to the east along Washington St ) ; #44 bus ( north to the Desert Ridge Marriott Resort in Deer Valley along N 44th St & Tatum ) ; and the light rail ( east to Tempe & Mesa and to Midtown ( along Central Ave ) via downtown in the other direction ) .	9	2
Also being exhibited for the first time are British Ministry of Defence maps which imagine cold war battles and which were used in military college exams .	16	2
As I have told RNR , I think we should advise Duke in writing that its IP is not in conformity with the contract , since it is in the alternative , and that our IP is hence the only one that will be before the arbitrators ( since Duke clearly can not change it's ineffective IP at this stage , having already seen ours ) .	53	3
Now and then a carrier dead in harness , at rest in the long grass near the path , with an empty water-gourd and his long staff lying by his side .	21	3
Importantly , studying eye movements offers an insight that does not depend on the participants ’ beliefs , memories or subjective impressions of the artwork .	18	4
It remains a small , quaint fishing town with laid back charm but with increasing media exposure it is growing , slowly but steadily ,	8	2
The end of the year is a time for compiling statistics - and according to the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) , the year 2003 has been bad news for plants and non-human animals , with many species now closer to extinction than ever before .	21	1
That way we 'll all be part of building a huge archive of cat pictures .	3	2
You can then select all the popular promotions from the Other group and create a new custom group that will be captioned Popular .	5	2
Unless you plan on being late for the bridal shower you might want to post this again in the L.A. section .	7	2
Most people will probably see that this is a joke .	0	2
love TO HAVE YOU ALONG FOR THE COMPANY , BUT IT IS NOT NECESSARY .	4	3
The terms instructed that she pass it down intact to " the first son of her body " .	12	3
$ 489 b - The US trade deficit in 2003 , the worst in history for a single year .	3	1
This formidable enemy , which gave the Indian army a black eye in the mid-1980s , has been operating in northeastern India and in the Andaman Sea for a long time .	18	5
Do you strip every woman because one pretended to be pregnant and carried a suicide bomb on her belly ?	3	3
Since then we have decided to have them manage our other investment properties as well as we getting older and can no longer perform all the inquires .	1	2
Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation ( NRC ) : is funded at $ 115 million , the same as FY04 and the budget request . "	1	6
Each day starts with one or more lectures by researchers , that address the conceptual knowledge needed .	3	2
They are invoicing for this and I do n't have an invoice for it .	8	2
And it was great that they did not charge a service fee to diagnose the problem - an added bonus !!	12	1
If you have any questions please feel free to call me ( after Sat. the 26th , when I will return from a trip ) .	13	2
YOU REALLY DO NOT HAVE TO GO .	2	1
One of them is the Rest and Recuperation Program , wherein a child can come to the US for a few weeks in the summer .	9	1
Curry .	1	1
Some months later Sutcliffe died from brain haemorrhage because of John Lennon 's bruises .	13	4
Can you explain more about it for us ?	2	4
James J. Hoecker , the former Federal Energy Regulatory Commission chairman , defended making the December decision and also defended Winter .	0	3
If that is the case then acupuncture is n't going to hurt him .	0	1
Wikinews observed the USI exhibit identifies and features Polaroids of fashion designer Halston , a former resident of Evansville .	19	1
Went to the school here OVER PRICED !!!!!!	6	3
Glad to hear that they are all healthy and were a good size , and that Mom is doing well .	11	2
However , global warming also increases probability of extreme crops-damaging weather events such as floods , droughts , and extreme temperatures .	11	3
A lack of organisation , coupled with the distain for its customers , makes this the worst rental agency I have used .	17	3
How much more could you accomplish as an individual if you could learn any activity ?	11	3
If this is the case I would like someone to walk me through June to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on June 29 that was not adjusted for .	7	2
Getting the Delivery Right	0	4
Also , add a semicolon at the end of clause ( i ) .	7	2
She would cry from frustration when the older children could do something that she could n't — like tie knots , or catch a chicken .	16	1
He was prompt , knowledgable , friendly , clean and just an overall great guy who obviously cares about his business .	17	3
From May to September there are southeast trade winds but during the summer months the winds are from the northeast .	16	2
Wintour herself appears briefly , and is filmed putting her sunglasses on before being interviewed .	12	3
Another person in the store stood there with an item and repeatedly tried to get a sales person s attention .	0	4
They are a big part of our family .	6	2
I am out of the office today but will be back tomorrow .	2	2
If you own a Retail Store or are a Professional Vendor who exhibits at Sport , Hunting , or Craft Shows and are interested in selling our products , please give us a call !	20	3
He snatched up Hedwig 's cage , dashed to the window and passed it out to Ron .	8	1
If you paste this in your browser , it will take you directly to our GW website .	8	1
Whether you start the year as a single person looking for a partner , or you 've been married for many years , happiness in love does lie ahead .	10	2
It was a very trying time for my family and myself yet Mike took the time to greet each and every one one of us .	11	2
One little boy stands up and offers that , " if my best friend who lives next door was playing in the street when a car came along and killed him , that would be a tragedy " .	3	3
You informed me that you would discuss this with your attorney .	4	2
The other two anti-establishment camp elects were Hui Chi-fung from the Democratic Party and Tanya Chan of the Civic Party , both considered to be in the pan-democracy camp .	18	3
The centrality of a father in this novel matches Balzac 's own position - not only as mentor to his troubled young secretary , Jules Sandeau , but also the fact that he had ( most likely ) fathered a child , Marie - Caroline , with his otherwise - married lover , Maria Du Fresnay .	30	2
The very structure of the text of the COM in wine shows us that wine is an agricultural product rather than an industrial product .	0	2
I want to use this opportunity to welcome Brian Ryner to Google !	0	1
Thai birth certificates record the date , month and time of birth , followed by the day of the week , lunar date , and the applicable zodiac animal name .	25	2
I do n't know how others feel , but I 'm definitely looking into immigration to Canada as an option .	16	3
" The black race is the people through which the devil has always been able to bring evil unto the earth , " Jeffs has said as cited by the Southern Poverty Law Center 's " Intelligence Report . "	17	2
L'Enfant was born in Paris , France on August 2 , 1754 , the third child and second son of Pierre L'Enfant ( 1704 – 1787 ) , a painter with a good reputation in the service of King Louis XV of France , ( 1710 - 1774 , reigned 1715 - 1774 ) , and Marie L'Enfant , the daughter of a minor official at court .	11	2
P.S. Please be sure to copy Sarah Dietrich and Jennifer Hillegonds on your response -- they will be taking this project during my " hiatus " -- I am moving to PA on Friday of this week , and will be out of pocket through approximately 7/16 .	34	1
Unlike most other large Polish cities , which have long histories , Łódź was created almost from scratch during the 19th century textile industry boom to house textile mills , their owners and their workers , and rapidly grew to become an important industrial and commerce centre .	35	1
Line up is so stupid .	4	3
“ We ’ve requested other nations to help us populate the zoo with different species of animals , including a pig , ” Saqib said .	10	2
Second , he could not fully grasp that rising real material living standards for the working class might well go hand in hand with a rising rate of exploitation – that is , a smaller income share for labor .	32	1
It had been hopeless from the very first . The flame had leaped high , driven everybody back , lighted up everything – and collapsed .	25	1
Ireland receives a lot of rain , with certain areas getting a soaking as many as 270 days of the year .	16	2
These alleged members of the Arakan Army , the military wing of the National Unity Party in Myanmar , have been charged with illegal entry .	11	1
If Jeff is happy , I 'm happy .	5	1
Terminal 3 : Delta , Frontier , Hawaiian , JetBlue	4	1
Seagal made headlines when he described Russia 's actions in Crimea , which it annexed in 2014 , as " very reasonable " .	7	1
Then she sighed in a way that seemed to suggest she was regretting her decision to take him home .	3	1
Their head of nature policy , Jeff Knott , stated : “ I ’d be amazed if either a ban or licensing was introduced off the back of it ” .	16	1
Indeed , it is quite in keeping with the positions this House has always adopted .	11	3
To reserve one of these rooms , you must inform the Wyndham staff that you are part of the CAEM group .	4	3
Pop , would go one of the eight-inch guns ; a small flame would dart and vanish , a little white smoke would disappear , a tiny projectile would give a feeble screech – and nothing happened .	30	1
bearded dragon spikes ?	0	4
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand , i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube .	4	1
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP .	2	4
Then , also , he 's got so much stuff in there right now , that I do n't know how he 's going to fit baby stuff .	21	1
Are there any good venues that showcase underground bands , or just a venue at all ?	5	2
The only way to know for sure is to call 611 , or your cell phone help line , and ask .	8	1
When we expressed our discontent to the manager ( that 's right , the manager ) , did he say he would return some money , did he say he would give a discount on our next visit , did he just say " I 'm sorry " .	37	3
Dedicated bodies were created for the technical analysis of counterfeits in the Member States , the ECB - for banknotes , and the Commission - for coins .	22	2
For a time I would feel I belonged still to a world of straightforward facts ; but the feeling would not last long .	6	1
[ MfM Act 3 , Sc. 2 ] }	0	1
It is close to bus lines for Opera Plaza , Galleries Lafayette , and the famous flea Market .	5	3
90 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2001 .	21	1
According to former Indian army general A S Kalkat , the difficulty for Kumaratunga 's government lay in the fact that the LTTE had become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within its control .	18	2
The pudding fell to the floor with a heart-stopping crash .	3	1
Nevertheless , most European countries still trade with Iran , try to appease it and refuse to read the clear signals .	13	1
The reaction that the luminol and hydrogen peroxide creates does n't last long at all -- maybe a couple of minutes .	2	2
Madam President , coinciding with this year 's first part - session of the European Parliament , a date has been set , unfortunately for next Thursday , in Texas in America , for the execution of a young 34 year - old man who has been sentenced to death .	47	5
The British Airways chicken with the chill of death upon it lies before me .	5	2
Press CTRL–V to paste the line .	6	1
There was a time , Mr Panvalkar said , when he felt that they should leave the building .	2	1
Only the man with the flowered sponge-bag , as if unaware of this useful convention , insisted on a Here we are again smile .	16	4
Dependant = NASA & Company to use " space station " model to unify the aims of different countries .	19	1
Yo mama `s so fat , all the restaurants in town have signs that say : " Maximum Occupancy : 240 Patrons OR Yo Mama " Yo mama `s so fat , when she ran away , they had to use all four sides of the milk carton .	1	2
Magali Van Belle Consultant PHB Hagler Bailly MANAGEMENT AND ECONOMIC CONSULTANTS PHB Hagler Bailly , Inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 Eye Street , N.W. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile Washington , D.C. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail	5	3
If this is the case I would like someone to walk me through June to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on June 29 that was not adjusted for .	9	1
This mode conforms closely to the ANSI-89 Level 1 specification , but is not ANSI-89 Level 1 compliant .	17	5
They showed some kids on TV , and they were quite taken with it .	1	3
Mr President , there has been considerable progress made with regard to the internal market for medicinal products .	8	2
This is a nice place , and I know we will return to meet my sister - in - law from Chicago !!	7	1
" The US does not dictate what happens at the IMF , but it does have a disproportionate influence .	3	2
Add the flour , cocoa powder , baking soda and pinch of salt to the mixing bowl .	9	2
Atmosphere is always fun , the assortment of customers adds entertainment to the meal	11	1
Her father Mohammed Hadid Muhammad al-Hajj Husayn Hadid was a wealthy industrialist from Mosul .	4	4
24,000 - Estimated number of premature deaths that will occur under Bush 's Clear Skies initiative .	14	3
The most fundamental human right , after the necessities of food , clothing and shelter , is the right to affection and the supportive love of other human beings .	1	2
But even before the incident the People 's Daily , the government mouthpiece , had commented that competition over the East China Sea between the two countries was " only a prelude of the game between China and Japan in the arena of international energy " .	25	2
$ 64.2 m - The Amount Pioneers and Rangers had raised for Bush - Cheney as of March 2004 .	1	2
Then there are the so - called true stories that get posted in a series of meaningful pictures with text running underneath .	9	2
Blount 's support of the party led him to be appointed Richard Nixon 's postmaster general .	9	1
Walking out last night , Kevin Presto indicated that there were games being played in ERCOT with the new market rules and prices in certain markets were not reflective of working markets .	32	1
He 's dropping weight , but most of that came from being at the trainer s and being ridden hard for 60 days .	3	3
These amendments also fit in with this Parliament 's view that social exclusion is a serious issue needing constructive action .	19	3
To avoid confusion , ensure that aliases and column names are always unique in an SQL statement .	14	1
There should n't be anyone suffering from iodine deficiency in a developed country like Australia . "	2	2
I ordered a kid meal with a milk and found a bottle was half opened already .	11	3
Day after day , with the stamp and shuffle of sixty pair of bare feet behind me , each pair under a 60-lb. load .	9	1
We tend to target the zeitgeist more than anything .	1	2
He looked at her face again , trying to hear the words she was sounding out in her head , watching her eyes as they darted back and forth across the page .	8	1
The business intrusted to this fellow was the making of bricks – so I had been informed ; but there was n't a fragment of a brick anywhere in the station , and he had been there more than a year – waiting .	1	4
Read some of the following links and draw your own conclusions .	8	2
Yo mama `s so fat , all the restaurants in town have signs that say : " Maximum Occupancy : 240 Patrons OR Yo Mama " Yo mama `s so fat , when she ran away , they had to use all four sides of the milk carton .	14	2
Mr. MURPH ARCHIBALD ( Nephew of Red Blount ) : Well , I was coming in early in the morning and leaving in mid-evenings .	12	1
This means that I could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely , because it would have expired and disappeared by the time I returned .	3	1
He also discussed the federalization of the City of Buenos Aires , the extension of the commercial code and the appointment of new generals to the army .	8	1
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to give me a call .	10	2
In early February , India charged 34 Arakan separatists from Myanmar with hiding in the Landfall Islands , part of the Andaman Islands group ( see end note ) .	11	2
Tina Anselmi was born on the 25th of March , 1927 in Castelfranco Veneto ; she grew up in an anti-fascist Catholic family , which was marked by the persecution of her militant socialist father .	28	2
In the pharmaceutical sector – which is particularly vulnerable to IP infringement – a stronger IP regime could increase FDI inflows from $ 1.5 billion this year to $ 8.3 billion in 2020 , with pharmaceutical R&D doubling to $ 1.3 billion over the same period .	12	1
Please note Credit has no EOL responses for 3/10/00 .	0	3
Ladies and gentlemen , it is a good thing that the details of Members ' attendance are corrected .	3	1
You can increase or decrease the space between controls , or you can specify that controls are evenly spaced .	3	1
Among the weapons intercepted were two rocket - propelled - grenade launchers , 20 assault rifles , M - 79 grenade launchers and more than 10,000 rounds of ammunition .	26	3
" Of course I will . "	2	3
Valeska Paris , an Australian woman and former Scientologist , has claimed that the Church of Scientology imprisoned her for twelve years aboard the Scientology - owned cruise ship , Freewinds .	25	1
Everyone , as a member of society , has the right to social security and is entitled to realization , through national effort and international co - operation and in accordance with the organization and resources of each State , of the economic , social and cultural rights indispensable for his dignity and the free development of his personality .	30	5
He was however , not the last Moriori .	3	1
You are unlikely to have the time or ability to aim for a soft landing-spot , body of water , or other impact site that might improve your chances of survival .	8	4
He had a uniform jacket with one button off , and seeing a white man on the path , hoisted his weapon to his shoulder with alacrity .	22	1
Please ask her to be the contact person .	8	1
Then , of course , there is the evidence the jury did not hear about in the Robinson case ...	7	2
It is trying to play ice hockey by sending a ballerina ice - skater into the ring or to knock out a heavyweight boxer by a chess player .	4	2
By mid-1962 , Brooks and Carson had largely finished the editing , and were laying the groundwork for promoting the book by sending the manuscript out to select individuals for final suggestions .	9	2
- ld2d-#69377-1.XLS	1	6
I have been here 3 to 4 times and every time food they served seems warmed up not cooked after you order it .	11	2
One of “ NCRC4ME ’s ” major efforts is to collect signatures for the attached “ Declaration of Religious Leaders , ” which has been and will again be presented to members of the NC legislature .	5	1
Hjalmar 's as gentle as a lamb and he has to keep the peace somehow .	9	2
This needs more discussion obviously : we chose public domain because the texts we use are public domain and we did n't want to add new restrictions , especially not non-commercial , since already our recordings are being used for a number of commercialish projects ( I ca n't recall any specific project names , but some pay-education sites use LV stuff ) .	54	1
“ So I hate to put a little pressure on you , but the fate of the republic rests on your shoulders , ” he told the crowd gathered on a sports field at the University of North Carolina .	16	2
The Hong Kong legislative election was held on Sunday , with a record-breaking turnout of around 2 million voters and turnout rate of 58 % .	5	2
Consonant gradation is a feature in both Finnish and northern Sami dialects , but it is not present in south Sami , which is considered to have a different language history .	17	4
A Harley - Davidson spokeswoman said timelines that have been floated in the media -- 2017 or 2020 -- are n't accurate .	11	1
( 24 ) Regard should be given to the modules and rules intended for use in technical harmonisation Directives set out in Council Decision 93 / 465 / EEC of 22 July 1993 concerning the modules for the various phases of the conformity assessment procedures and the rules for the affixing and use of the CE conformity marking , which are intended to be used in the technical harmonisation Directives .	38	4
Since the article was specifically about " death metal " I guess the author missed this little tidbit or we just have waaaaaaaaaaaaay different definitions of morality :	4	6
The band I started in 1993 , Spoken Motion , received a lot of recognition as a spoken word band born out of the New York spoken word scene .	20	2
Cast .	1	1
I suggest you go up to Raging Taco & Raging Burrito a couple of blocks up the street or even Taco Mac .	19	2
The interim Governing Council issued a communique saying , " It is a proof of the emptiness of the Israeli authority and a destruction of the peace endeavors in the region . . .	33	1
He always hugs me when he comes , but he gave me at least 5 tight , long , back rubbing hugs while he was there .	2	2
After the sensation at the Australian Open , the 28 year - old lost for the first time in the final game against Serena Williams .	3	1
Remember : throughout the book Don Quixote is preoccupied by the question of posterity .	12	1
They came in under a lot of other quotes and now I know why !!!	8	3
This disc allowed Rona to create lab specimens of polonium , which were used in much of the Institute 's subsequent research .	16	1
We called at some more places with farcical names , where the merry dance of death and trade goes on in a still and earthy atmosphere as of an overheated catacomb ; all along the formless coast bordered by dangerous surf , as if Nature herself had tried to ward off intruders ; in and out of rivers , streams of death in life , whose banks were rotting into mud , whose waters , thickened into slime , invaded the contorted mangroves , that seemed to writhe at us in the extremity of an impotent despair .	65	3
You may not offer or impose any terms on the Derivative Works that alter or restrict the terms of this License or the recipients ' exercise of the rights granted hereunder , and You must keep intact all notices that refer to this License and to the disclaimer of warranties .	6	2
Oh man , well ?	0	1
$ 9.62 excluding tip with water to drink for the buffet .	9	2
An investor with average luck and £ 10,000 in bonds could expect to receive £ 125 in prizes per year .	19	2
Being an American and from the " south " you will be noticed as soon as you speak out loud .	3	2
Transmedia systems , like that exemplified by Game of Thrones , are becoming increasingly prevalent ( e.g. , Star Wars , Harry Potter , The Walking Dead , the Marvel Cinematic Universe , etc ) ;	7	2
You may support or oppose the Iraq war , but to refer to fans of Saddam , Arafat or Bin Laden as peace activists is a bit too much .	17	3
Just because you 're stuck , does nt give you the right to drag down all the singles around you .	1	4
Green symbolizes Islam and was the Prophet Mohammed 's color .	3	2
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	3	4
In flight , if the door of your plane comes open you are sucked into space .	7	2
I am told that our respective credit departments want to raise the credit lines to $ 10 M for each party , but to effect that we will have to modify the existing Guaranties accordingly .	10	3
( 29 ) It is in the interest of the functioning of the internal market to have standards which have been harmonised at Community level .	22	1
His position had come to him – why ? Perhaps because he was never ill ...	7	2
A nearly infinite reserve of energy propels the characters in Balzac 's novels .	10	3
I will not eat halal meat , so guess what , I opted for foods which were n't a meat dish , there were plenty of other options .	17	2
Now , none of this has been confirmed by Google at the present time , but it 's an old adage that you follow the money to see who is behind something .	27	2
The way China develops is vital for the way our own societies develop .	0	2
Ironically ( or perhaps not ) , the notion of the ' degenerate ' and ' degenerate art ' was appropriated by the Nazis and its origins can be traced back to Jewish ' intellectual ' Max Nordau and a 1892 book he authored called Degeneration . .	15	1
But it really does not matter .	2	3
Stapled to the pen was a little white paper flag , one side of which read : This good article is the Courtesy of a DEAF MUTE .	20	1
The money invested in Premium Bonds , and in other National Savings & Investments accounts , is used to help fund Government spending .	14	4
Afterwards , browse at the morning market ( 6.30 - 10 am ) : rice lollipops , wasp cocoons ( the pupae are considered a delicacy ) , buffalo lung , betel - nut bark and leaves , live toads and catfish .	34	2
Now , NASA engineers and astronauts are almost giddy with " go " fever as the tentative date for the first launch since the Columbia disaster approaches .	15	2
We need for interviewers to commit either to the morning ( 9 am - 12 pm ) or afternoon ( 2 pm - 5 pm ) complete session .	25	1
************************************************	0	6
These missiles are , simply , the fastest anti-ship weapons on the planet .	13	1
He was going to operate and replace my bicuspid aortic valve due to critical aortic stenosis .	2	3
Western and Afghan diplomats intimately involved with the meeting , said Bush pushed Musharraf hard on reigning in the Taliban so the elections could take place peacefully .	7	2
Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .	4	1
But the door buzzer answered him without any conversation .	3	3
In 1987 , economist Robert Solow – awarded the Nobel Prize for his pioneering work on growth – lamented that " You can see the computer age everywhere but in the productivity statistics .	16	3
Typically , a developer creates an XSL transformation file that , when applied to an XML document during export , interprets or transforms the XML data into a presentation format that can be recognized by another application , such as Service Advertising Protocol ( SAP ) or a custom purchase order format .	21	1
As for Quinn , there is little that need detain us .	4	3
I believe that there might be a sign - flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue .	14	1
We have not received access to this information which has resulted so far in additional electric cost of $ 200,987.33 for the period of July through September .	13	1
Creative Commons Corporation is not a law firm and does not provide legal services .	3	1
I should like to welcome Mrs Cresson and ask her to reply to Mr Valverde 's question .	2	2
The edge of a colossal jungle , so dark-green as to be almost black , fringed with white surf , ran straight , like a ruled line , far , far away along a blue sea whose glitter was blurred by a creeping mist .	15	4
Food - very good for a midnight meal that is n't fast food .	1	1
A different layout lets you calculate and compare summarized values for different elements in your data , or display summaries for a subset of the data .	8	5
I have visited Dr. Cooper 's office twice and I am very impressed with how friendly and polite the staff is .	7	3
The Dursleys had n't even remembered that today happened to be Harry 's twelfth birthday .	8	4
The 10 - week course has been " certified " by UK spy agency GCHQ .	8	5
Unreported by the international media , the Valley of Kashmir has seen an ethnic and cultural genocide that has resulted in the fleeing from the valley of almost all the Hindu families who have been living there since human habitation was first recorded .	31	4
ca n't go to any more lsu games unless i get a free ticket .	1	2
Karzai categorically said that he has assured Musharraf repeatedly that any adverse action against Pakistan taken by Indian diplomats inside Afghanistan would be acted upon swiftly .	25	4
When she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney .	0	2
I spoke with Gerald and he said there are a bunch of folks hanging around Dad 's place .	4	2
If you apply for a skilled migrant worker s visa and it is accepted do you have to find work in the same sector as your skills on your application or can you take up other work if you ca n't find something in your own field .	12	1
Stay with me now : John Paul STEVENS delivered the opinion of the Court with respect to Parts I through IV , VI through VI - D - iii , VI - D - v , and VII , in which KENNEDY , SOUTER , GINSBURG , and BREYER joined , and an opinion with respect to Parts V and VI - D - iv , in which SOUTER , GINSBURG , and BREYER joined .	21	1
Just over 70 % of the plants grown from Earth seeds were alive after 17 days - just slightly more than the plants grown from space seeds - just over 66 % .	24	2
IF you want flashy fancy food stacked high with lots of fussy garnishes , this is not the place for you .	1	2
The doors opened ; voices from without came in on currents of air ; he emerged among the others into heady recognition taken in at all the senses , walking steadily across the tarmac through the raw-potato whiff of the undergrowth , the fresh , early warmth on hands , the cool metallic taste of last night 's storm at the back of the throat ,	33	3
We were disappointed with this holiday dinner due to the overall flavor and price of the meal , and accessibility to the Jazz Club .	9	2
I called it Character , walks and words .	4	1
By definition most tourists will go to the best places so you might have to put up with a few tourists along the way .	8	2
Shakespeare was buried in the chancel of the Holy Trinity Church two days after his death .	15	3
I am making a christmas list for my parents and i was going to ask for a bird and these are the affordable ones that i like , and i was wondering : which would not bite alot , and which are more fun to have as pets AND I NEED TO KNOW WHICH WOULD BE QUIETEST i honestly do nt care but my family does !	52	2
At one point they told me the dog had been fixed , the next day it had n't .	7	2
If you do not wish to receive such e-mails in the future or want to know more about the BBC 's Email a Friend service , please read our frequently asked questions .	15	2
Let me join the chorus of annoyance over Google 's new toolbar , which , as noted in the linked article , commits just about every sin an online marketer could commit , and makes up a few new ones besides .	17	1
I do n't want to bother you much with what happened to me personally he began , showing in this remark the weakness of many tellers of tales who seem so often unaware of what their audience would best like to hear ;	14	1
But one should not go here expecting something fantastic , unless perhaps you 've never had middle - eastern food before , or succulent duck , tasty lamb , decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts .	0	2
A horn tooted to the right , and I saw the black people run . A heavy and dull detonation shook the ground , a puff of smoke came out of the cliff , and that was all .	21	2
Dragging back the little curtain from the oval window , she looked into the dazzling glare of space and said , Glorious morning up here ! and they discussed with animation the cold and sudden winter that was left behind .	17	3
I 'm the author of three books ( including the 1.3 million seller ALTERNATIVE CURES ) and hundreds of magazine articles , and worked for 20 years at Rodale Press , as a writer and as editor - in - chief of Prevention and Rodale Books .	10	2
What I would like to do in this case is get the information to Jeff Davis , who is responsible for Georgia Tech and ask him to get Sungjoo 's resume and start a file on him with a notation that you would like to hire him for summer .	34	2
This is just a way for them to squirm their way into your precious pocket	0	2
That 's all I know ; I 've had nothing to do with it .	13	1
But I also hope no one feels any obligation to download , especially if you have an internet connection as slow mine ( 28 k ) .	8	5
XML is a standards-based protocol that is governed by the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) .	8	1
It provided routes for trade , colonisation , and war , as well as food ( from fishing and the gathering of other seafood ) for numerous communities throughout the ages .	20	5
I do n't know that Jerusalem is geologically older than other places but the dolomite and clay look hoarier than anything I ever saw .	2	2
i need to know how they are different and alike in these area's	5	2
Production of the smartphone model was completely discontinued .	7	6
At Kano a huge moon shone and in a light brighter than a European winter afternoon the passengers made their way across the tarmac at three in the morning against the resistance of a heat of the day persisting all through the night as the sun persists in a stone it has warmed .	27	2
U.S. Senate Committee on Appropriations	1	3
Everything else in the station was in a muddle , – heads , things , buildings .	16	1
Gore released a statement Friday taking Bush to task for his comments on Pakistan 's recent coup .	10	2
Because the book after all is an attack on the dangers of the make-believe .	12	2
That 's right , said Quinn .	1	1
do you have to go through a medical exam right away ?	3	1
We have the technology ; if you are going to spend billions of dollars touting " FREEDOM " why not spend those billions making all of us free ?	27	2
Atop Spring Mountain , from the decks of the West porch , " one can see forever " a scene of unparalleled beauty and grandeur .	14	2
Edward Shinza 's one of the few who did his stretch and got his head split open that time by Her Majesty 's brave boys , and where 's he ... back in the Bashi Flats among his old wives , for all I know , no one even mentions his name .	16	2
In the past , he has talked in apocalyptic terms about a violent end to the world , according to former members .	20	3
There is a tunnel from the mosque to the Royal Palace , across the square .	4	2
Thursday , 23rd August 3.30 pm - 5.30 pm ( EB 46C1 ) .	12	1
I share the regrets she expressed , namely that Parliament has become involved rather late in the day as regards these guidelines , since by now the procedure for negotiations with the states is so far advanced that I cannot see this report having any sort of immediate effect , which in my view is a pity .	14	2
The search - and - destroy operation was carried out by the Indian government after repeated requests from Colombo .	7	2
I would like maybe 5 stalls per barn so make sure the stalls are not that big so it can fit .	11	2
Periods of rapid growth in lending are often associated with construction booms , partly because real - estate assets are relatively easy to post as collateral for loans .	12	1
- Ram Tackett ( E-mail ) .vcf 4222	2	4
And so we can compete against each other all the time within Australia but we really need to be able to ...	16	2
For example , if you export a table of Customers Orders , you can also choose to export a related Orders Details table and Customers table into the same file .	27	2
He crossed the room gently to look at the sick man , and returning , said to me , ' He does not hear . '	5	1
For the past 25 years landlocked Afghanistan has suffered from constant interference from its neighbours - Pakistan , Iran and the Central Asian Republics - and regional powers - Russia and India .	14	5
Under the mango trees , barbers ' mirrors set up a flash in the shade , and live chickens lay in heaps with their legs tied .	4	1
How could such a thing happen ?	6	1
Abbas , a refugee himself from what is today the northern Israeli city of Safed , called the refugee issue " very important and very dangerous . "	27	1
When you discussed it , i was trying to think back to our remedies and discussions but the 3 years have made it difficult .	8	1
Lay some knowledge on them dude .	4	2
Do n't go !	2	1
Similarly , when you delete the last custom group for a field , the custom group field is automatically deleted .	6	2
Here is the link to the latest commercial laptops on the market , I will follow up with the consumer models .	3	2
4 - Rank of the United States among countries considered to be the greatest threats to world peace according to a 2003 Pew Global Attitudes study ( Israel , Iran , and North Korea were considered more dangerous ; Iraq was considered less dangerous ) .	19	1
This morning , Pope Francis met Mark Zuckerberg and his wife at Casa Santa Marta .	10	2
The U.S. State Department and the misnamed think tanks that follow its lead have held numerous conferences on Kashmir and , in most of them , the solution that has emerged is a valley prized loose from Indian control and under its own version of Ibrahim Rugova .	5	2
They will be distributed on a business basis first , then personal use .	6	4
Evelyn Odara spoke to her husband as no local woman would dare ; yet he ignored it , as if turning the tables on her with his countrymen 's assumption that what women said was not heard , anyway .	29	5
In Wei 's art , a logician could see mathematical logic , a cellist could see a ripple of nine bass notes , a country girl could see straw , and Harry Potter could see two accompanied green blazes .	0	1
Either these people do n't know anything about what they are renting , or worse - they are bait and switching .	3	1
It sounds like a firmware issue and the camera requires a re-boot just like what happens in a computer - needs a re-start from time to time but it should n't be happening in a camera .	18	4
As I have told RNR , I think we should advise Duke in writing that its IP is not in conformity with the contract , since it is in the alternative , and that our IP is hence the only one that will be before the arbitrators ( since Duke clearly can not change it's ineffective IP at this stage , having already seen ours ) .	57	1
@ Ryan B ,	1	2
I beg to differ .	1	2
Good God , they 've been gone at least five or six years .	1	2
Today is good 12:30 ?	4	1
In the past , it had sometimes comforted him to make the world disappear .	3	1
WE HAVE A DATE FOR THE RELEASE OF RAGNAROK ONLINE 2 ( beta anyway ) September 16 - 18 , this was announced by Gravity CEO Kim Jung - Ryool on either 16th or 17th of july and as i do n't want to take someone 's credit's i got it here ^^ GameSpot	3	2
If it finds a matching value name , Access loads the reference from the path specified in the corresponding value data .	21	1
“ Celtic Sea cod could collapse , ” without the proposed limits , one EU official said .	6	1
This type of harness goes around the dog s chest and legs and has a clip for the leash up on the back of the dog in middle of shoulder blades .	0	2
Their new dwelling was a five-minute walk from Tokyo 's ill-famed red-light district , the Yoshiwara .	7	2
In fifteen minutes we would be home and my mother would fry eggs .	7	2
But there was in it one river especially , a mighty big river , that you could see on the map , resembling an immense snake uncoiled , with its head in the sea , its body at rest curving afar over a vast country , and its tail lost in the depths of the land .	53	1
Bird and butterfly watchers are seeing many , many new species coming up from Mexico and the Caribbean . "	13	2
In theory , if done right , it ’s un-detectable .	10	1
Black shapes crouched , lay , sat between the trees , leaning against the trunks , clinging to the earth , half coming out , half effaced within the dim light , in all the attitudes of pain , abandonment , and despair .	32	1
We do n't want it to be too cold ( not sure when exactly there fall is ... or what the weather is really like there during our autumn months ) , but we do n't feel like we need to go right in the middle of summer either .	31	1
" I grabbed my glasses and my knife and unzipped my tent and headed out . "	10	1
The George Washington Bridge can be crossed by bicycle or on foot as well as in a motorized vehicle .	5	1
I ran into Corey last night at LW s and I am thinking this is a girl for Darren .	17	2
Most people choose cars , but if headed to a central area , such as Main Street , it is best to drive there , park in a municipal parking lot , and walk around from there .	20	2
Oil , gold or food products , such as wheat , are natural resources , in which investors invest billions worldwide .	13	5
Liberty construction shows up and it 's two guys ... all I get is 100 % sales pitch " We 're the best ... we 're number 50 so we must be doing something right ... look at all these certificates that say we 're great " .	10	2
For an American , the most intriguing question is this :	2	4
An example would be ' ant ' for and or ' es ' or even ' loo ' for the word ' and ' .	15	1
Most of the " talking heads " on television , however , knew only that Daschle and Leahy were liberal democrats and did not know anything of Al Qaeda beyond what they read in the US newspapers .	35	1
Break with a Banshee by Gilderoy Lockhart	1	2
When you discussed it , i was trying to think back to our remedies and discussions but the 3 years have made it difficult .	6	2
I add that in because there have been some people who have tried to claim citizenship by sending for their birth certificate when they were never really born in Canada or to Canadian parents .	4	4
A May 2001 letter that Zawahiri sent to Egyptian Islamic Jihad members abroad establish that Zawahiri used " school " as a code word for the Egyptian militant islamists in his correspondence .	25	2
EY4096.1 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 6,363,217 - $ 250,393	2	5
Thanks for your help !	3	2
Yazid Sufaat provided Moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for Infocus Technologies and allegedly provided him $ 35,000 .	15	4
The early voting suggests that this time the Latin Americans will come out to vote in greater numbers , but it is unclear whether the increase will have an impact .	22	4
He was going to operate and replace my bicuspid aortic valve due to critical aortic stenosis .	4	4
Explore which cruise may fit your needs the best .	3	2
Such integration could be facilitated by wide availability of and easy access to information relating to the sustainability of their products .	9	2
I have been eating Pho for almost my entire life and I 've always gone to the Pho places in south philly and off the boulevard and even the other one in chinatown , but when i tried this pho place , it blew the other pho houses away !!	44	2
And then when you do it in an asymptotic way is like you do n't look at the small details .	1	2
It then proposes the creation of a European quality mark based on respect for the environmental criteria for production .	15	6
But they determined to get rid forever of Garcia .	0	2
I have no idea how China Delight won number 1 Chinese restaurant in Montgomery - There needs to be a recount on that vote .	8	3
I gave the woman I spoke with today a " You 've been yelped ! " card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna .	22	2
" We were on the road and the first bridge was bombed and we drove home and all the other bridges were bombed and there was absolutely no way for us to get home , " Chahine told reporters outside federal court in Detroit .	19	3
Liberty construction shows up and it 's two guys ... all I get is 100 % sales pitch " We 're the best ... we 're number 50 so we must be doing something right ... look at all these certificates that say we 're great " .	4	2
Furthermore , three quarters of our farm workers are part-time and require supplements to their incomes .	6	2
They want to be identified as ' Christians ' , and I fully suspect that for some of them , the motivation behind their subterfuge is more than mere political advantage , and has a lot more to do with the black magician 's practice of the inversion principle .	25	1
They are hoping Corp will foot the bill for a pilot which will allow them to fully test this tool before implementing it company - wide .	22	1
In that , they pretty much succeeded .	6	5
McKenzie , a silver and bronze Paralympic medalist in wheelchair basketball , retired from the game after the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London .	14	2
They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they " do as they wilt . "	9	3
This is however a very busy shop but there are appointments available & the staff up front will surely make sure you get back in a timely manner .	27	3
We are concerned here with the harmonisation of examination requirements but also , in fact , with minimum requirements .	1	2
The First One Is much Better !	5	3
Given the degree of suffering caused by mosquito - borne diseases , government leaders must not subject genetic - engineering solutions for controlling them to the same kinds of political and populist headwinds that have impeded the approval of genetically engineered agricultural products .	9	3
In the 20-minute PlayStation VR demonstration of Batman : Arkham VR , players are dropped down a secret elevator in Bruce Wayne 's manor , to the Bat Cave , to suit up .	25	1
As a result , research and development in genetic engineering is more expensive , discouraging investment and hampering innovation .	5	2
Sufaat was a member of Al Qaeda and a member of Jemaah Islamiah ( " JI " ) .	14	1
Otherwise , we can see who we can scare up at the office , or you can have Laura sign and I 'll initial later .	6	1
And which one of us 's been taking Rebecca to the Sputnik ?	11	4
And though he is not permitted to sit beside women unrelated to him or to look at them or to communicate with them in any manner ( all of which probably saves him a great deal of trouble ) , he seems a good-hearted young man and he is visibly enjoying himself .	3	1
The population of Łódź soared from some 4,000 people in the 1830s and 40,000 in 1865 to over 300,000 inhabitants at the turn of the century , which was an unprecedented growth on a worldwide scale .	17	2
Such translations then would be concerned with such correspondences as poetry to poetry , sentence to sentence , and concept to concept .	2	2
what are you having problems with ?	3	3
According to Linda Bilmes of Harvard and Nobel Laureate Joseph E. Stiglitz of Columbia University , the final cost of the Iraq occupation will run between $ 1 trillion and $ 2 trillion , surpassing by orders of magnitude the estimates put forth by the Bush administration .	35	1
( think of a balding man lol ) Look for clean feathers .	1	3
Unfortunately for those eager to indefinitely carry on with the lucrative business of conflict resolution in South Asia , Pervez Musharraf has now called Colin Powell 's bluff , challenging him to deliver on his frequent statements implying that the Indians jump to his commands .	39	2
If you own a Retail Store or are a Professional Vendor who exhibits at Sport , Hunting , or Craft Shows and are interested in selling our products , please give us a call !	5	3
Of THESE three , it 's a toss - up between Royal and Carnival .	12	2
Much later , when he was able to think about the things that happened to him , he would conclude that nothing was real except chance .	14	1
During the 2010 general election , the Labor Party was able to win all seven voting districts .	4	4
Your camera is n't acting normally , you got warranty , let Canon deal with it .	1	3
when i watched werewolf in london ( great film ) that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors .	11	2
Never before has such a convenient method been available for consuming nutritional products .	0	3
Chalabi has been increasingly marginalized within Iraq , however , despite his ties of clientelage with Washington and Tehran .	8	4
I should like to welcome Mrs Cresson and ask her to reply to Mr Valverde 's question .	1	3
We were in Santa Fe for a special event and our hosts rented out the El Paradero for all their guests to stay at .	1	2
When the ship passed Stromboli at night , there was a streak of crimson lava flowing from the volcano and the sailors would n't leave the television set to look at this natural phenomenon .	12	1
They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs , as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs	30	1
We 're moving more towards the Internet at this point , because the Internet is a much easier , safer way for a person to look at sensitive material and not get caught with it .	31	2
I must confess I am totally surprised that the Commission was not aware of this report , given its sensitivity at this particular time .	18	2
In quick summary , Beyond Control , a local band in our area , is sponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run out .	21	3
The Island is new to tourism , so if you are looking for a luxurious vacation this is not the right destination .	12	2
Which may explain the pattern to their stories : a journey to self - empowerment and the enlightenment of self - sacrifice inspired by the light and wisdom of Maryam and Massoud .	14	6
The ceremony may have been arranged in some haste , since the Worcester chancellor allowed the marriage banns to be read once instead of the usual three times , and six months after the marriage Anne gave birth to a daughter , Susanna , baptised 26 May 1583 .	2	2
Ron 's magic wand was lying on top of a fish tank full of frog spawn on the window-sill , next to his fat grey rat , Scabbers , who was snoozing in a patch of sun .	21	1
Alternatively , if life has not been good to you so far , ( and considering your current situation this seems more likely ) consider how lucky you are that it will not be troubling you much longer .	25	2
After brushing the Florida Keys islands on Tuesday , Rita packed winds of about 240 kilometers an hour as it headed across the Gulf of Mexico .	24	1
I 'm 22 , and my hairdresser was great ( and not " old " like one of the reviews says ) - she really listened to what I wanted and gave me tons of tips on how to style my hair so I could get it to look the way I wanted it to .	21	1
But then again I was nice to them so that could have been why .	7	2
We walked in to pick our little man at 10 minutes to closing and heard laughter from kids and the staff .	16	2
Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal , in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him .	22	1
If they are able to take earthworms uncut , that is really impressive !	13	1
Anyway , so he ended up leaving one nail out of my horse s foot ( I 've never heard of a farrier doing this ) and telling me to call him in a few days ( first it was a week , then it was a few days lol ) and he 'd come back out and put it in .	42	1
His quest for objects did not abate amidst the greenery .	2	2
Norton would later add " Protector of Mexico " to this title .	2	3
It is possible when the matter is raised with the Committee on Petitions .	11	1
Sincerely ,	0	5
And now they are finishing a road between Fujairah and Dubai in 45 minutes only !	10	3
Rathbun wrote , " Moxon proceeded to lie to Daniel that the hard drives were never returned , and made a convincing case ( not difficult to do with a 19 year old who does not even know the three branches of government ) that Daniel would be put behind iron bars for a good long time , UNLESS of course , he returned and cooperated with Moxon and routed out properly . "	34	2
I want to know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a report , not a legislative proposal , and whether that is something I can competently do on Thursday .	18	3
Poor old Dando .	1	2
I offer compassionate , approachable and personalized counseling services .	5	2
Remember to notify the local policeman , or Ministry of Fisheries officer if you are entering New Zealand via the Chathams .	8	4
Imagine him here – the very end of the world , a sea the color of lead , a sky the color of smoke , a kind of ship about as rigid as a concertina – and going up this river with stores , or orders , or what you like .	6	2
I believe someone called about this today , but Mr. Lay asked me to let you know that these dates do n't work for him , either .	9	2
It came from the nation whose king Enrique VIII adulterated the Bible so that divorce could be allowed and in this way be able to give loose rein to the many divorces from his wives and subsequent murdering of the same ones and to whom God provided a wife with six fingers as abomination ( Anne Boleyn ) ... once again 6 , number of the Beast ....	4	3
Its detractors tell you how it abuses its Arab population and , to a lesser extent , Jewish immigrants from North Africa and the Orient .	10	2
As of today , we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders ' letter dated November 16 , 2000 .	4	1
The room is silent , none of the other children volunteer .	11	1
We understand that the pipe fitters are also planning to picket the Lake Worth , Florida project as well .	2	2
I have had several close encounters with both foxes and wild deer .	11	2
No injuries or deaths were reported in the attacks from either side , but South Korea evacuated about 80 people in the town of Yeoncheon after at least one shell landed near the area .	23	1
Since Member States and the industry agree that the star rating system has proved not to deliver the expected result , Directive 92 / 42 / EEC should be amended to open the way for more effective schemes .	19	3
Unique Selling Proposition - http://www.small-business-software.net/unique-selling-proposition.htm	4	6
Also notice the entity &amp;apos; which will be transformed to an apostrophe when the data is imported by the receiving application .	20	6
Following the Board meeting on Wednesday , you are invited to join with members of the DISCO Forum for a Wednesday evening reception and dinner , including a guest speaker .	12	2
But if you have to do it by keeping that forty years or whatever sitting at the table with you and your children ... ach , it 's not healthy , it makes me sick .	23	2
The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised .	9	2
Not the smartest move to take off on a worldly adventure if you 've never traveled before and you do n't put where you would be traveling from .	2	4
Marx 's work Das Kapital also makes constant reference to the works of Balzac and urged Engels to read Balzac 's work The Unknown Masterpiece .	25	1
As we 're getting more and more of those agreements , I 'd like to add a template in Global Contracts .	19	3
He added that " America does not understand anything except the language of force and retaliation , they were kicked out of Somalia in humiliation after that soldier was dragged in Mogadishu for the whole world to see " , and that " the day will come when the dead bodies of Americans and Jews would be dragged , defiled , and stepped on in the Arabian peninsula together with their agents and supporters " .	45	2
Bring some sort of magnet or small magnetic whiteboard for your door .	6	3
Nancy	0	3
Is there supposed to be a cashout booked in Sitara for these months ?	12	3
Recently I 'm having trouble training him .	4	4
This ' all options are open ' line has been President George W Bush 's publicly stated policy throughout the past 18 months . "	15	4
iw ould just stick him in the tank and let your snake have a nice hunt for once , snakes jaws detach for this sort of this thing , so why not give her a good hunt , but if you do want him knock him i d just throw him against the wall or something ,, lol i do nt know , i agree with you though throw him , haha	56	1
To select several controls at once in a data access page , you must have Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.5 installed on your computer .	22	4
Guadeloupe , known as Gwadloup in the local creole , and sometimes known as the Butterfly Island ( French : I'ile Papillon ) on account of the shape of two of its major islands , is a group of islands in the eastern Caribbean , and is a French overseas department .	51	1
30 - Length of time in months between Enron 's collapse and Lay ( whom the President called " Kenny Boy " ) still not being charged with a crime .	19	3
Remember to notify the local policeman , or Ministry of Fisheries officer if you are entering New Zealand via the Chathams .	7	1
Notwithstanding this , public procurement procedures initiated after accession shall be carried out in accordance with the relevant Union provisions .	12	2
The Award Dance Centre has moved from its Holderness Road site to a new complex on Chamberlain Road Hull .	1	3
" If the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer believes that the point total does not accurately reflect your ability to become economically established in Canada , the Canadian Immigration Visa Officer may use his or her positive discretion ( referred to as substituted evaluation ) and approve your application even though you score less than 67 points . "	8	2
The IMF rarely makes front - page headlines in the United States or other big countries , except when there is a racy personal dimension .	1	2
In a single cubic inch of soil , there can be more than eight miles of these cells .	4	2
When a child is born in Canada the birth is registered before the baby can leave the hospital .	9	1
I have been eating Cuban for a long time , sandwiches mainly along with other dishes ..	6	1
I also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of services that I did not need .	9	2
Do it properly , and legally , and you will be OK .	10	1
If you 're going to Seoul , then you should also visit a specific place called , ' The Namsan Tower ' !	18	2
The beverage is priced at US $ 8.00 , and upon an order for it , the bartender will recount for the customer the definition of the santorum neologism .	3	3
Nota held the rank of captain in the Russian army and fought the Germans until 1945 .	16	1
Any other use of the email by you is prohibited .	7	2
What expiration date are you using , i.e. : for monthly call options the 15th of the relevant month , and for daily options ?	17	4
Fred climbed back into the car to pull with Ron , and Harry and George pushed from the bedroom side .	12	3
A Health Care Proxy is not written in stone and can be changed .	7	1
However , the provisions contained in Article 165 of the Financial Regulation applicable to the general budget of the European Communities shall not apply .	17	1
I mean the theory was , whether you believe it or not , that it would be a defensive alliance against potential Soviet aggression , that ’s the basic doctrine .	30	1
( if ..... ) ( iii ) definitive agreements acceptable to Party A in its sole discretion regarding the debt and all other aspects of [ the project to be owned by Party B ] , including but not limited to the senior debt facility , commitments and all project documents , have been fully negotiated and executed and the [ project ] has been brought to financial close .	47	2
1 - Number of paragraphs devoted to global warming in the EPA 's 600 - page " Draft Report on the Environment " presented in 2003 .	12	1
PS , If you make it to Thanh Pho Ben Tre , stay a night at my friend Ken 's hotel .	17	3
The Yerba Buena Garden was built at the beginning of the 1990s on the roof of the Moscone North Convention Center .	19	5
The Onion has a different creative process where we are not trying to hit everything in the 24 hours and on the same notes .	19	2
Shared responsibilities , both at work and in the family mean a better quality of life for both men and women .	13	4
basically this is a sample of the Galaxy .	3	1
After changing the security mode , it is strongly recommended that the SA password be changed by using the Set Login Password command ( on the Tools menu , point to Security ) .	16	1
I , along with my friends , consider this doctor to be the cause of my death as he is not even trying to save my life by operating .	24	2
Whatever Stillman had done , he had done ; wherever Stillman had gone , he had gone .	16	2
It is true that Google has been in acquisition mode .	0	1
The hearing is focused on the pilot and we have an opportunity to provide some probing questions for Wolens to direct to Sam and Tom .	22	2
Egypt did not use poison gas against Yemen in the 60's because of Israel .	0	3
Now Dando had the sulky outraged attention of a young patriot from the social welfare department , the glittering-eyed indifference of Doris Manyema , one of the country 's three or four women graduates , and the amused appreciation of a South African refugee whose yellow-brown colour , small nose and fine lips set him apart from the blackness of the other two .	63	1
Pools The Mariner of the Seas and Liberty both had salt water pools - which most cruise ships have .	8	2
But it is not an easy matter to assess how the time savings implied by online shopping , or the cost savings that might result from increased competition ( owing to greater ease of price comparison online ) , affects our standard of living .	21	4
Three Methods : Starting Seeds Caring for Basil Harvesting and Using Basil	9	2
It is the only cycle to be preserved in purpose-built surroundings in the UK , and one of very few of its kind in the world .	17	1
Do you also have a SSD we can use ?	1	2
Sara Shackleton Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street , EB 3801a Houston , TX 77002 Ph : ( 713 ) 853-5620 Fax : ( 713 ) 646-3490	0	2
She was , after all ( in the true sense of after all that had gone before ) an Englishwoman .	15	2
Suicide murders also have nothing to do with poverty and despair .	7	2
When that happens , all the substances create a rave and start partying and electrons fly everywhere and what results ?	12	4
Anthony Sill Legal Counsel Uecomm Limited 126 Trenerry Crescent Abbotsford , VIC 3067 . Ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 Fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 Mob. 0417 575 920	12	2
Let us know what you decide to do .	5	3
Then to the beat of " dhin , dhin , ... , ta' , ta' " , the dancers begin their step , placing the big toe behind the heel of the other foot .	30	1
This activity and the risen temper along the back of a silent quarrel beside him provided the strong distraction of another , disorderly level of being that always seemed to him to take away from planned great moments what they were meant to hold heady and pure .	9	1
Sidenote ... I am familiar with the Capital Grille , Barclay Prime , The Palm , The Prime Rib , Morton s , Ruth Chris ' , etc .	15	1
The employees at this Sear's are completely apathetic and there did n't seem to be any sort of management that I could see .	18	5
Coming to stay , and overstay your three months visit will lead to immediate expulsion and a lifetime ban to immigrate to Canada - NOT GOOD .	1	1
Higuchi felt compelled to demonstrate her classical literary training .	9	1
The CIA reportedly has been quietly building a case that the anthrax mailings were an international plot .	15	6
In October 2001 , did the FBI profilers know of the draft message Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop ( from 1995 ) that was signed " Khalid Sheik Bojinka " ?	15	2
Typical treatments take the dilutions , with ritualised shaking between each step of the dilution , past the level where any molecules of the original substance are likely to remain ; for homeopathic treatments to work , basic well-understood concepts in chemistry and physics would have to be wrong .	6	2
Be sure to keep the feces out of the reach of children and pets .	1	2
They have absolutely no communication skills whatsoever .	1	2
Mr President , I support the main proposals of the report concerning the administration of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund for the period 2000 - 2006 and the main recommendations of the report which include the following :	0	1
The Caribbean Sea had been unknown to the populations of Eurasia until 1492 , when Christopher Columbus first sailed into Caribbean waters on a quest to find a sea route to Asia .	16	4
Ambiguity frightens arrogant people because it suggests imperfection , change and lack of certainty ( realities we all must contend with as best we can ) .	17	2
As far as the EEI goes , the only remaining issue that I 'm aware of ( aside from finalizing the LOC ) is whether we 've finished coordinating the Attachment containing the list of prior transactions .	26	2
You can use the filter feature to find specific data values or all data that matches a value .	11	1
Which do you prefer ?	3	3
Not surprisingly , most of the yearly festivals occur during these times so as to take advantage of the crowds and the more favourable weather .	14	1
It 's about time we got together .	4	1
it s really amazing there , it ll blow your mind	1	1
Yau Wai-ching defeated another localist camp candidate , veteran politician Raymond Wong of the Proletariat Political Institute , by 424 votes .	6	5
I heard that they orchestrated the largest people evacuation to a natural disaster in Indian history .	0	1
In June 2012 , the Icelandic band Sigur Rós released a video for the song " Fjögur Píanó " , starring LaBeouf , in which he appears nude .	2	2
While Tanya is reviewing credit , can you please send a " blank form Paragraph 13 " for this master .	12	3
Of course , in countries receiving assistance – such as Greece in the last few years – the IMF excites great passion .	16	1
You 've got plenty of lucky breaks headed your way in 2005 , friend Capricorn .	6	3
However , a CSS is n't always a good choice because they are written in a specialized language which means that the developer has to use another language in order to write , modify , or understand the structure of the style sheet .	42	3
9.3 m - Number of US unemployed in April 2004 .	7	1
The islands lie 860 km east of Christchurch , in the middle of the " Roaring Forties " .	6	1
The word was invented by Jonathan Swift and used in his book ' Gulliver 's Travels ' .	17	1
between December and April few people visit and many tour companies and restaurants close down .	7	2
Ken Lay would like to have the Armada M306 series - " the first ultra portable notebook designed for the enterprise " .	20	5
Stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he 's on the phonne with Gibson or Kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation .	1	2
Wakes are common both north and south of the boarder with Protestants and Catholics alike .	5	2
That being said , the laffa and hummus are out of this world .	3	1
Here it is -- we printed this 2 - sided and laminated it .	2	1
A young woman was in and out the Bayleys ' house , sometimes adding to , sometimes carrying off with her the many children who played there .	22	2
Someone 's idea of a joke .	3	1
Opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .	15	4
Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I 'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon .	12	1
Can anyone give me an idea of when the best time for us to go to Ireland would be ?	14	1
You could move all the babies into a fry net breeder or move all of the bigger fish ( also the parents ) to a different tank to avoid the babies getting eaten .	33	1
09/15/99 04:41 PM	1	3
What kind of political cover would be gained from an attack on Iran , and from the diversion of attention to that attack ?	16	2
Many neo-pagan religions , such as Wicca , use aspects of ancient Greek religions in their practice ; Hellenic polytheism instead focuses exclusively on the ancient religions , as far as the fragmentary nature of the surviving source material allows .	25	4
We have a Full Color Catalog and Wholesale Price List ready to mail to you today !	13	1
The Grand Lake Theater stands at the entrance to the neighborhood that bears its name , a matter of a few hundred feet from Lakeshore Avenue – both are diverse neighborhoods no matter what your budget , be it burgers or sandwiches or a full romantic evening , either of these twin-sister neighborhoods will make a pleasant time , by day or night .	26	1
two Pericles seminars assisted the ( then ) acceding countries in their efforts to apply the acquis in the specific area ;	10	1
I may want to put some steers or heifers up there .	6	3
Well that ’s kind of an unending war , so do we want NATO to exist , do we want there to be a Western military alliance that carries out these activities , with no pretense of defense ?	37	4
Normally this author is semi-objective ( what blogger is ) but on the Seattlepi.com ( see source link ) Palestinian Leader Mahmoud Abbas has demanded that Israel leave all the land that it occupies before the 1967 border ( which includes East Jerusalem by the way ) .	34	3
Game 14 : Friday , August 3 @ 7:30 PM vs. Orlando MIRACLE	11	4
During the War of the First Coalition , light quickly began to be shed upon a young Corsican artillery officer , following the French Revolution : Napoleon Bonaparte .	23	3
Mezza Luna FTW !	1	2
Not all the time , but it ca n’t be a laugh a minute .	3	2
It ’s another low-grade moment of horror , but I think about that particular time with my mother because Renata was there and we were united , she and I .	28	2
____________________________________________________________	0	6
This is the best Mediterranean Restaurant in the West Valley , I have friend who drive from central Phx to come here .	10	1
But while the ( otherwise perishable ) thoughts are still fresh in my mind from the hearings on Monday and Tuesday , I wanted to throw out some observations for discussion in the days / weeks ahead .	23	3
In the midst of a foreign - capital bonanza , stagnant levels of private investment in tradable goods are a particularly powerful danger signal that no amount of government mythmaking should be allowed to override .	6	1
I packed six loaves of flatbread , some olives , a hard cheese , one nice dress , walking clothes , my pills and glasses , a jug of wine , a can-teen of water , and a kitchen knife .	29	2
Great value and service .	3	4
That share has been rising steadily over the years — only 11 percent of the total vote was cast before Election Day in 1996 , according to the Census Bureau -- and seems likely to jump again this year .	1	3
Every pompous jackass from the bush who filled his pipe with tobacco bought with dues from the local party branch .	15	2
For your joke to be funny , it has to surprise the audience in some way , which means it has to seem original or new .	9	1
we have made a furnace as such , we took a clay flower pot with a hole in the bottom put a piece of steel pipe in the middle of it with a cap on the bottom , filled the pipe with brass scrap , surounded the pipe with charcoal lit it off and pumped air through the hole in the pot , everything got red hot but did not melt .	40	2
Although Musharraf did turn against the Taliban after September 11 , under extreme duress from the US , elements of his military continued to support radical Islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on Musharraf himself .	14	2
After that date , any aid found to be incompatible with those guidelines shall be considered as new aid .	17	2
Amusing , since he 's a writer and a thoughtful man , anything but a tout .	12	4
I 'd recommend to save your time and energy and find another greek store .	0	1
Very professional , talented , unic and fresh work .	3	4
If you do n't mind mixed flavors , you can just skip this step altogether .	1	2
" The effects of iodine deficiency are dependent upon how severe it is and when it occurs .	7	5
What matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving Spain out of Iraq .	2	1
I know that if my garage door needs to be repaired , I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors	6	2
Dr. Ruona , if you read this , thank you for helping me get more healthy .	8	3
He said to his wife , Mweta 's invited me to come back as their guest .	13	1
Without QE , which the Fed is now gradually tapering , world trade would have taken a much bigger hit .	18	3
The effect of this simple sentence on the rest of the family was incredible : Dudley gasped and fell off his chair with a crash that shook the whole kitchen ; Mrs Dursley gave a small scream and clapped her hands to her mouth ; Mr Dursley jumped to his feet , veins throbbing in his temples .	52	3
I took my 2001 Nissan Frontier in to fix a cracked manifold .	5	4
Thanks .	1	1
Security problems in the Andaman Sea are not new , but they have deteriorated during the past few years , in tandem with a deterioration in the security situation in Bangladesh , Nepal and Bhutan , and particularly in the northeastern Indian states of Manipur , Nagaland and Tripura .	4	4
-- Liz	1	2
The village soil and water are now too heavily contaminated to safely occupy human life , so the plant was shut down last week .	7	2
Lotte Wilms lotte.wilms@kb.nl National Library of the Netherlands , the Netherlands	1	3
He ministered for a short time among the Tarahumara Indians in Chihuahua , Mexico , until health problems due to an inadequate diet and the high altitude forced him to leave .	28	2
The novel concerns Lucien De Rubempré , a young poet trying to make a name for himself , who becomes trapped in the morass of society 's darkest contradictions .	10	3
By " sample return " of course I mean a mission that brings back extraterrestrial material .	7	1
New York 's main contract , light sweet crude for delivery in November rose 60 cents to close at 66.80 dollars per barrel .	2	1
For he was obliged now to concentrate on what he was doing , even if it was next to nothing .	18	1
Personally , I at least am totally in favour of the guidelines .	7	1
In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .	14	2
Since being a good friend to someone usually means helping them , they often ca n't stand the thought of a good friendship .	14	1
The only 10.0 " Perfect Score " AVVO Rated Attorney I Have Ever Met .	8	3
The tent was filled with chairs and divans borrowed from people 's houses , and flowers from their gardens .	8	4
And a bunch of them had called and they said , " Wow . "	14	1
However , a number of actions have been organised in third or candidate countries , reflecting the specific needs to protect the euro .	15	5
[ edit - and she most be very new to modeling , because she does look unsure of her poses )	14	2
HTML , while well suited for providing text and image display information for Web browsers , is limited in its ability to define data and data structures .	7	2
Dates that fall after 31-Dec-1999 are grouped into a single group titled 31-Dec-1999 .	8	1
When their daughter Cecily married Richard Plantagenet , the 3rd Duke of York , and had several offspring , including Edward IV and Richard III , Joan became the grandmother of two York kings of England .	19	5
While he was writing on the customs and immigration form , BRAY , Evelyn James , and the number of his passport , someone was reading his name over his shoulder ; he flexed it awkwardly , not because he minded , but in mild embarrassment .	7	2
Anyone who doubts that should review a recent letter orchestrated by the Bretton Woods Committee , addressed to Congressional leaders on behalf of an impressive array of former Republican and Democratic cabinet secretaries .	28	5
The Commission may adopt any technical provisions necessary for the operation of the temporary Cash - flow and Schengen Facility .	5	5
And what about the parties in what , in historical rights ?	9	5
1 ) The Italian Renaissance began the opening phase of the Renaissance , a period of great cultural change and achievement in Europe that spanned the period from the end of the 13th century to about 1600 , marking the transition between Medieval and Early Modern Europe .	30	1
It 's a move that really worries me ; Buffett 's usual justification for keeping most of his money was that he was still compounding the value of his fortune at a pretty high rate , so any gifts now would mean significantly less money for the foundation later .	40	3
Balzac had better luck publishing the memoirs of Laure Junot , Duchess of Abrantès - with whom he also had an affair .	6	4
" Because Earth had lost touch with your world , the people here are very interesting to my father , " she said .	20	1
The profits obtained from prosperous textile mills opened up practically unlimited possibilities for their owners .	12	2
They want to be identified as ' Christians ' , and I fully suspect that for some of them , the motivation behind their subterfuge is more than mere political advantage , and has a lot more to do with the black magician 's practice of the inversion principle .	29	5
I wonder what becomes of that kind when it goes up country ?	7	2
Recently , I read an email that reported the horrific nightmare Civet Cats go through by sick losers who put them in sheds and heat the inside of the sheds up to 110 degrees with fires , so that they can periodically scrape the sweat off of their genitals and sell it to corrupt corporations who use it to prolong the scent of perfumes .	30	1
Problem is , for some reason , the visa process took longer than it should , thus I missed school this semester ( visa was issued to me about 25 days after school started so I could n't attend ) , now I no longer want to go into that school ( because they only would accept me again on September of 2012 ) , I found a school that accepted me for may 2012 , can I use the same visa that was issued to me ?	24	2
these are short term transactions and requiring this documentation will cause us to lose business because competitive alternatives do not have such burdensome requirements .	17	6
I am very pleased that agreement has also been reached with the Council on minimum standards regarding examinations , although I would have preferred it if uniform , set standards and modules had been established , so that certificates would be of equal value internationally .	12	4
Egypt did not use poison gas against Yemen in the 60's because of Israel .	11	4
If you buy too many boxes you can return the unused for a full refund .	1	2
Some of the answers were extraordinary ;	0	2
I would very much like to know on what kind of scientific evidence the Greens are basing all these amendments .	17	2
It was a bit experimenting connections between the language and the music and the psychology of people .	1	2
She placed a shredded rectangle on the desk , and Carroll picked it up between his thumb and forefinger .	0	2
Is it always about them ?	0	1
Investigators said the nun , Margaret Ann Pahl , 71 , was strangled and then stabbed , with nine wounds on her chest forming the shape of an inverted cross , a well - recognized Satanic symbol .	3	2
Image : Nick Moreau .	3	3
We recently asked you to create an eSpeak " wish list " for us .	11	1
If this is the case I would like someone to walk me through June to see if the numbers did really work themselves out as there was a large swing in second order on June 29 that was not adjusted for .	25	3
Nida retired in the early 1980s , although he continued to give lectures in universities all around the world , and lived in Alpine , Arizona , USA ; Madrid , Spain and Brussels , Belgium .	4	3
There are , therefore , two points to which I would like to draw the Commission 's attention .	12	1
After one month 's full - bore effort , I 'm pleased with the results ( e.g. , we forecast Nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned out $ 46 ) .	14	4
The cistern of the lavatory drizzled into the pan constantly and could n't be flushed properly , and the towels were stiff as a dress-shirt ( Olivia had taken years to get people to learn to rinse the soap out of the washing ) , but an old fellow in a cook 's hat put tea under the trees for him and carried off his crumpled suit to be pressed without being asked .	54	2
She said , There 're bulbs like you see in films round the star 's dressing-table , and they light up and spell INDEPENDENCE HURRAH .	21	2
Zawahiri likely targeted Senators Daschle and Leahy to receive anthrax letters , in addition to various media outlets , because of the appropriations made pursuant to the " Leahy Law " to military and security forces .	8	4
I found that the lion , in place of his sword , now held a rather large plaque .	13	2
The optimistic view is that those , like me , who find ourselves fearing the relative wage distribution of the future as a source of mammoth inequality and power imbalance simply suffer from a failure of imagination .	22	1
Because of the trauma that his homosexual relation with Brian Epstein had left him , he made lyrics such as : " You can wear a collar and a tie , one thing you ca n't hide is when you 're crippled inside " and gave declarations to the " Rolling Stone " magazine saying that " sometimes he wore Texan boots to feel more secure as a man " .	56	1
Making his way through the press of oncoming bodies , Quinn made a tour of the numbered gates , looking for hidden staircases , unmarked exits , dark alcoves .	0	3
1 Quaffle ( volleyball , Frisbee , soccer ball , etc . )	9	1
Grammar schools varied in quality during the Elizabethan era , but grammar school curricula were largely similar , the basic Latin text was standardised by royal decree , and the school would have provided an intensive education in grammar based upon Latin classical authors .	8	2
him to get to know his new home .	2	2
Thank you for your time .	5	1
That 's not what we need in our country , folks .	9	1
There are no jobs in this country .	3	2
In a few days the snake will begin to shed its skin .	1	1
130 - Approximate Number of countries ( out of a total of 191 recognised by the United Nations ) with a US military presence .	20	1
actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	26	3
It was clean , but just a little dumpy .	3	1
Later traditions maintain that he also played Adam in As You Like It and the Chorus in Henry V , though scholars doubt the sources of the information .	25	1
For weeks , reporters scoured Alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the National Guard there .	1	3
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 Fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 Email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	8	3
At age 80 he continues to write books ; his latest book , Hegemony or Survival , was a bestseller in non-fiction .	22	1
Falluja has long been roiled by tense relations with the US soldiers there , since local Sunnis either remain committed to Arab nationalism or have become Sunni fundamentalists or even radicals .	3	2
We went through six photographers to find the right photographers that would represent our firm in the light we wished to and Michael and his team made that happen .	25	2
By approving this amendment , we take account of the fact that it can be very cold in the northern parts of the European Union .	23	4
( 24 ) Regard should be given to the modules and rules intended for use in technical harmonisation Directives set out in Council Decision 93 / 465 / EEC of 22 July 1993 concerning the modules for the various phases of the conformity assessment procedures and the rules for the affixing and use of the CE conformity marking , which are intended to be used in the technical harmonisation Directives .	46	2
After all , in a world of solid farmers , useful craftsmen , dissolute aristocrats , and flunkies , demand for manufactured items and flunkies was limited by how much of each aristocrats could use .	19	3
The forecasts of cyclone track and intensity have been fairly accurate .	11	1
Rodents require special bedding in their cages to absorb their waste , and this needs to be cleaned regularly , or your hamster could suffer from problems due the buildup of ammonia from his urine .	19	1
If you ’re in an elevator that is playing music , start to dance .	12	1
if i preorder a game at gamestop can someone else pick it up for me ?	1	1
Is there a future for our nation 's youth ?	0	1
Afterwards , each ant was dipped in the solution for a couple of seconds , dried on a cloth and put in the nest .	19	2
I need creative art ideas ?	5	1
Respondents were provided the opportunity to select more than one race , and those who did were asked a follow-up question regarding which category best described their racial background .	29	1
Two shabby-looking wizards were watching him from the shadow of a doorway , muttering to each other .	16	3
Anse Bertrand , not far from there , you can visit La pointe de la Grande Vigie , northern point of mainland Guadeloupe .	10	3
Bird and butterfly watchers are seeing many , many new species coming up from Mexico and the Caribbean . "	0	2
Iraqi cities such as Fallujah and Ramadi were on the truck route from Amman to Baghdad , and so came under the influence of the Salafi movement , which is popular in Jordan .	29	1
What – the – devil – are – you – doing ? said Uncle Vernon through gritted teeth , his face horribly close to Harry 's .	5	1
We never had to worry about a thing , and they led the way the whole time .	11	2
I would like to repeat my appreciation to all the speakers and especially to the rapporteur , Mr Koch .	1	3
You can resize a control by using the sizing handles , or you can resize a control to the height or width of another control .	2	3
Le petit is the best place to get your nails done !	10	2
That said , we are realistic enough to realize that this goal will take decades to achieve .	16	4
And then the horror of it all hit me and I said , “ Sonia , up ! ”	10	1
Enough of those , in a highly contested area , will lead to chaos election day .	13	3
I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in CA ( for customers already on DA ) .	23	5
If you would , please review the entire list and let me know if you are in agreement with the presentation by tomorrow evening , if possible .	5	3
The crane accident comes just ten days before the beginning of the Hajj , the annual pilgrimage to Mecca , Islam 's holiest site .	12	2
There was a scrubbed wooden table and chairs in the middle and Harry sat down on the edge of his seat , looking around .	6	2
Moving in this manner was difficult for Quinn .	4	2
He turned his attention to the photograph again and was relieved to find his thoughts wandering to the subject of whales , to the expeditions that had set out from Nantucket in the last century , to Melville and the opening pages of Moby Dick .	28	2
By using collateral to pay these bills are we not keeping required levels available ?	1	3
Third , with the " new age " Efrem Zimbalist , Jr. in charge of the investigation , it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security .	1	1
i usually put my own natural rock over the UTH and they are perfectly fine .	9	2
Personally , I should like to see a number of other requirements deleted .	8	3
Spring ( February to April ) and Autumn ( August to October ) make good alternatives , although the country ’s ever - growing popularity as a tourist destination can often blur the lines between mid - and high - season tourism .	34	4
In the core of the city , named avenues run north / south and are named after US cities , generally in repeating alphabetical order ( for example , Winston - Yale - Allegheny - Braden ) .	5	2
Might be something different ?	0	3
Country not open or not have fixed strategy = NASA & Company to use " freeze thawed " strategy especially when the country has a challenging , growing and ambitious space program .	32	1
Now it is remarkable in the light of history , the history of the past century , Germany alone had virtually destroyed Russia , twice , and Germany backed by a hostile military alliance , centered in the most phenomenal military power in history , that ’s a real threat .	13	2
I 'm looking for a camera that has really good zoom during a video and pictures ; and good quality pictures / videos	19	4
One of the worst places	1	1
The sun was fierce , the land seemed to glisten and drip with steam .	4	1
This is not in itself anything dreadful , but we should prioritise particularly the safety aspects for goods transported by road , rail and inland waterways and incorporate these , as part of the acquis communautaire , as soon as possible and present them to the acceding states .	0	2
The thing to do is to bring the right clothing with you , clothes so you can layer up if it is cold and take off layers when it warms up .	9	4
If you apply for a skilled migrant worker s visa and it is accepted do you have to find work in the same sector as your skills on your application or can you take up other work if you ca n't find something in your own field .	11	1
She has gone into the issue in some depth and in the committee debate she took account of many of the amendments that have been tabled regarding this report .	6	1
Here 's a story ... as I was waiting at the bus stop ( 7:35 am ) to go to school , a lady approached me and asked if I 'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus .	28	1
Payment shall be made , against the receipt of the required documents outlined in the General Terms and Conditions , in the Contractual Currency by telegraphic transfer no later than 30 calendar days after the date on which the Commodity is released to Buyer .	5	4
yeah , " things " ...	1	1
And they were only two-hours-and-a-bit from London , their daughters and their friends .	4	6
i have talked to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say it s a routine thing when entering another country .	28	4
All their meager breasts panted together , the violently dilated nostrils quivered , the eyes stared stonily uphill .	3	4
Unfair for the girl as boys do n't have that kind of handicap , but that 's the way our own rules work .	8	2
You might ask Mweta , if you get a chance to talk to him , ask him if he is n't going to find a piddling little job somewhere , something with a decent label to it , for poor old Shinza , he was banging on the Colonial Secretary 's door with a panga while Mweta was a snotty picannin singing hymns up at the mission school .	28	5
The Alaskan tundra , for instance , has switched from being a net sink of carbon dioxide -- absorbing and storing more carbon from the atmosphere than it releases -- to " being a net source of CO2 ( releasing more carbon than is stored ) because warmer winters have allowed dead plant matter previously stored in the soil to decompose and release CO2 . "	6	1
I am vacation until the 22nd but Per is up to speed and I would like to make sure that you keep up with him and any HR / Legal activity that may occur .	19	2
I would certainly not want farmers in countries that do not want to join the euro to be penalised .	2	5
The radar system for which Alvarez is best known and which has played a major role in aviation , most particularly in the post war Berlin airlift , was Ground Controlled Approach ( GCA ) .	14	3
The results of the Australian National Iodine Nutrition Study published in the Medical Journal of Australia this week , revealed that children in mainland Australia are borderline iodine deficient .	14	1
All of us here are pleased that the courts have acquitted him and made it clear that in Russia , too , access to environmental information is a constitutional right .	15	3
You understand it was a Continental concern , that Trading society ; but I have a lot of relations living on the Continent , because it 's cheap and not so nasty as it looks , they say .	5	6
That is , a user with an appropriate license can make changes to data in a spreadsheet , change formatting , drag fields in a chart or PivotTable List , and so on , as long as you did n't protect these options at design time .	16	6
( 24 ) Regard should be given to the modules and rules intended for use in technical harmonisation Directives set out in Council Decision 93 / 465 / EEC of 22 July 1993 concerning the modules for the various phases of the conformity assessment procedures and the rules for the affixing and use of the CE conformity marking , which are intended to be used in the technical harmonisation Directives .	7	1
In fact Philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not filipinos but helping the Philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot of the country .	30	1
" The Prophet 's guidance , " says Michael Scheuer , an al - Qaeda analyst who recently retired from the CIA and once headed its Bin Laden unit , " was always , Before you attack someone , warn them very clearly ... " The anthrax mailings followed the pattern of letters they sent in January 1997 to newspaper branches in Washington , D.C. and New York City , as well as symbolic targets .	43	2
As to me , I had hardly ever spoken to him before .	11	3
Zurbarán ’s cycle of Jacob and his Sons has been on display in the Long Room at Auckland Castle for over 250 years .	11	4
" In the foreign policy field the Soviets have had an almost uninterrupted series of defeats and disappointments .	9	2
With these operating standards implemented worldwide , we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure Enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide .	30	1
And some of those whale meat samples were whale meat .	0	2
When property rights are ill-defined , as in the case of air and water , government must step in to provide appropriate Regulation .	2	3
After the discovery of America by Christopher Columbus in 1492 , the Spanish term Antillas applied to the lands ; stemming from this , " Sea of the Antilles " became a common alternative name for " Caribbean Sea " in various European languages .	12	4
They have a huge inventory .	4	5
I love this cage , it 's easy to clean , very spacious and fun for the hamster	14	2
" I 'm pretty suspicious of making broad generalizations , " however , he cautioned .	10	1
When annoying people on an elevator , keep your pranks lighthearted and fun as opposed to mean-spirited so that everyone leaving the elevator will have a pleasant story to tell .	16	6
In the town of Hillsborough , just outside Chapel Hill , someone firebombed the Republican Party headquarters last month .	17	2
Whether it might have turned out differently , or whether it was all predetermined with the first word that came from the stranger 's mouth , is not the question .	19	2
' What ! Dead ? ' I asked , startled .	3	2
$ 80,000 - Amount an Iraqi firm spent ( using Saddam 's confiscated funds ) to build the same factory , after delays prevented the American firm from starting it .	15	1
( the first couple of times they will fly all over the cage but as long as you do nt jump back or screem they will get used to you ) They will have no choice but to go on your finger .	39	1
I 'm American and I am going to the UK for the first time , what should I expect ?	3	2
I should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you did n't spell her name right in the email - I mean it 's such a common spelling .	31	3
It 's a move that really worries me ; Buffett 's usual justification for keeping most of his money was that he was still compounding the value of his fortune at a pretty high rate , so any gifts now would mean significantly less money for the foundation later .	6	4
The complaint , filed with the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development , accuses HANO of violating a 2003 enforcement agreement entered into between former St. Thomas Housing Development residents , the City of New Orleans , HANO , and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development during the HOPE VI redevelopment of St. Thomas , now known as River Garden .	23	4
Grammar schools varied in quality during the Elizabethan era , but grammar school curricula were largely similar , the basic Latin text was standardised by royal decree , and the school would have provided an intensive education in grammar based upon Latin classical authors .	36	5
Think similar clothing , minus the twisty-ness .	4	3
I would suggest going for tribal Sheikhs rather than clerics , since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any Ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority .	21	2
Pardon my questions , but you are the first Englishman coming under my observation ... .	9	5
He never gave that secret away .	5	2
Despite the aftershocks I would recommend going to Christchurch , just for the experience and then you can see first hand how things get effected by earthquakes .	20	2
And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka .	20	1
Kumaratunga 's India tour preceded a three - day visit to Sri Lanka by Norwegian Foreign Minister Jan Petersen in a new bid to revive the peace talks that were supposed to follow a ceasefire that Oslo successfully brokered in February 2002 .	10	1
The first phase , she said , will demonstrate the capability of a multi-compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when the two fliers return to Earth .	18	1
From Madrid to Seville to Barcelona an Valencia .	5	5
VISAKHA INDUSTRIAL GASES PVT. LTD. , location at google maps .	1	5
When the Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Desktop Engine ( formerly called the Microsoft Database Engine or MSDE ) is installed on Microsoft Windows NT computers , it is installed with Windows NT Authentication implemented ( this feature is also known as integrated security ) .	30	4
Are you saying I 'm bad in bed ?	0	2
Our Group emphasises the importance of the principle of subsidiarity , the responsibility of Member States and the role of local players in drafting and implementing programmes .	26	5
Noticed a few of these Cookie cutter places opening in Summit and New Providence .	6	3
Cargill Ferrous International is set up correctly in the Global Counterparty System as a Division of Cargill , Inc .	1	4
The search - and - destroy operation was carried out by the Indian government after repeated requests from Colombo .	0	2
The area that now encompasses Phoenix was a center of the Hohokam culture , which built large canal systems and a network of towns and villages , whose remains may be viewed in the city to this day .	13	1
The first phase , she said , will demonstrate the capability of a multi-compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when the two fliers return to Earth .	22	3
They also claimed not to see anything wrong with the blower fan ( a seperate issue ) , but when I drove the car home I had the same symptoms .	20	1
LibriVox was my first experience recording audiobooks .	5	5
While air mass identification was originally used in weather forecasting during the 1950s , climatologists began to establish synoptic climatologies based on this idea in 1973 .	17	5
You can also try practicing in front of a sympathetic friend or family member once you ’re ready for a “ real ” audience .	6	3
Four bike loan depots , located along Rivertrail , allow riders to borrow a bike for free for up to twenty-four hours .	1	2
He did n't take a dislike to the kids for " no " reason !	3	2
The aggregate functions wo n't include records containing blank ( Null ) values in their calculations .	5	4
I may want to put some steers or heifers up there .	9	1
From this , we conclude that an intervention based on cognitive digital games offers contributions to the learning process and improvement of sustained attention .	10	5
I do n't have enough information to answer this question , one way or the other .	2	2
In quick summary , Beyond Control , a local band in our area , is sponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run out .	1	3
( And , a piece of shrapnel in the forearm that caused only a minor wound would have killed had it hit an eye and gone into the brain ; the shrapnel being in your body demonstrates you were in mortal danger and did n't absent yourself from it .	9	4
The doctor swabs her upper arm with antiseptic and says , “ I ’m going to give you something to numb it , okay ? ”	8	2
I.E. the Davis Administration wants to place all direct access advocates in the position of having to justify why each and every party should be the exception to the suspension rather than have a general rule concerning how direct access should work for all parties .	7	2
Rebecca Edwards had just told Neil Bayley that Felix Pasilis , the Pettigrews ' Greek friend , was furious with her because she 'd forgotten some essential herb that he wanted for his sheep ...	21	4
The former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein is refusing to enter the Baghdad courtroom , in protest at how his trial is being conducted .	13	1
What 's the difference between logging in and signing up ?	4	4
He put the empty bowl back on the floor next to the cat-flap and lay back down on the bed , somehow even hungrier than he had been before the soup .	29	2
Finance and mentorship should go hand in hand .	0	4
I am in mediation .	1	1
Except at the beach or at sacred sites normal western dress is acceptable for both men and women , except that you should avoid clothing showing a lot of skin .	5	1
Dudley Cate 828-296-8466 jodud...@aol.com	0	3
" Foolhardy provocation deserves harsh punishment " , it added ; and , later , " Kim Jong-un issued an order of the supreme commander of the Korean People 's Army [ KPA ] that the front-line large combined units of the KPA should enter a wartime state to be fully battle ready to launch surprise operations " .	55	4
we purchased a new home but was unable to sell our old house so we contacted this property management company and they have helped us quickly rent out our house and keep it maintained .	9	2
While studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual works and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no work has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes .	23	2
If you are looking for authentic British meat pies , then look know further .	8	2
They have also reestablished their historical links with Lebanese and Iranian Shiites .	7	2
One of my most cherished dualities is the understanding that we are both autonomous individuals with the power to shape our personal destinies and at the same time we are all one , that there is no separation between you and I , we are all together in this thing called life , we human beings , the birds and the tress , the rocks and the sky , all of it .	51	2
However , like much of the Southwest with a large Hispanic population , Spanish is very widely spoken in Phoenix .	13	4
But one should not go here expecting something fantastic , unless perhaps you 've never had middle - eastern food before , or succulent duck , tasty lamb , decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts .	25	1
Additional cost will be incurred for the remainder of this year , that I have not been able to review yet .	17	2
Geoff ,	0	3
There will always be an audience for good magicians doing good magic .	5	4
Since then , his successor , Christine Lagarde , has helped to restore the Fund 's reputation – and to return coverage of its programs and activities to newspapers ' dry and unemotional business sections .	1	2
I used to take my cars there all the time , but management changes hands too frequently , the service has been slow , and they often try to " add on " extra services , which sometimes is not needed .	15	2
The haircut was inexpensive and so were the salon services ( eyebrows were cheap ! ) .	2	2
What place or town would be most interesting to visit for european ?	6	2
The water shone pacifically ; the sky , without a speck , was a benign immensity of unstained light ; the very mist on the Essex marshes was like a gauzy and radiant fabric , hung from the wooded rises inland , and draping the low shores in diaphanous folds .	28	2
The model does not include the effect of rising carbon dioxide concentration , which has complex and potentially offsetting impacts on global food supply .	16	2
The stocks referred to in paragraph 1 shall be deducted from the quantity exceeding the normal carryover of stocks .	16	5
It then proposes the creation of a European quality mark based on respect for the environmental criteria for production .	6	1
In this respect , I accept this proposal to amend Directive 94 / 55 / EC which has been tabled for discussion today .	14	1
The italicised phrase parodying the line " Oh , tiger 's heart wrapped in a woman 's hide " from Shakespeare 's Henry VI , Part 3 , along with the pun " Shake - Scene " , identifies Shakespeare as Greene 's target .	2	3
PS Your brother told me he went to 3 bowl games ( when I found out that two of them were the galleryfurniture.com bowl and that one in Shreveport ( I ca n't remember the name of it )) I realized he is a very , very sick college football fan .	29	1
Harry also had a good comment --- do n't specify the amount of rate increase in our comments ; rather note that the rate increase needs to be well - reasoned and based on facts and evidence .	31	2
It is easy to get discount airfare for them since they travel very frequently .	0	1
The Grand Lake Theater stands at the entrance to the neighborhood that bears its name , a matter of a few hundred feet from Lakeshore Avenue – both are diverse neighborhoods no matter what your budget , be it burgers or sandwiches or a full romantic evening , either of these twin-sister neighborhoods will make a pleasant time , by day or night .	21	4
The ship is designed thematically , with imposing animated cartoon characters .	4	6
We REALLY enjoyed our balcony -- coffee in the mornings , drinks at night , standing outside when docking and leaving port -- however , it is quite a bit more expensive .	28	1
Customizing the layout of a PivotTable view	5	5
However , then I asked to amend my return to apply a credit I had just become eligible for .	7	1
" Loving " opens with Richard and Mildred already a couple , eliding over a courtship that would have been interesting to see , if only in brief .	13	2
( See attached file : UnleadedStocks.pdf ) ( See attached file : CrudeStocks.pdf ) ( See attached file : HeatingOilStocks.pdf ) ( See attached file : PADDIIstocksCL.pdf ) ( See attached file : PADDIstocksHO.pdf ) ( See attached file : PADDIstocksHU.pdf ) ( See attached file : API.pdf )	25	1
[ The santorum neologism is ] offensive beyond , you know , anything that any public figure or anybody in America should tolerate , and the mainstream media laughs about it . — Rick Santorum	27	3
Usually you have the main show and some type of entertainment before and perhaps afterward .	12	2
Users who do not have Office 2002 licenses can view the components and the data in them , and can print the view of the components , but they can not interact with the components or manipulate them in a design environment .	0	3
Oh , you must make trip the young man said proudly .	7	3
If you have any problems or questions , please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696 .	0	1
In the pharmaceutical sector – which is particularly vulnerable to IP infringement – a stronger IP regime could increase FDI inflows from $ 1.5 billion this year to $ 8.3 billion in 2020 , with pharmaceutical R&D doubling to $ 1.3 billion over the same period .	19	2
is a start tag and is an end tag which together describe an element of data , in this case , the customer 's name .	16	1
Greg Couch will be taking over the responsibility for the estate risk group and will be able to assist you with your requests going forward .	8	2
She waggled her fingers , sticky from the marshmallow , and her husband took his handkerchief from his pocket and gave it to her .	15	6
i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice , and in used gerbil bedding .	12	1
When annoyed at meal-times by the constant quarrels of the white men about precedence , he ordered an immense round table to be made , for which a special house had to be built .	32	1
She was Rebecca , Rebecca Edwards , like a big , untidy schoolgirl in her cotton shirt and sandals , the car key on her forefinger jingling harassedly .	22	2
do n't they know we have better things to do	2	2
" It was beyond belief that they failed to mention something so significant .	1	1
Hence , I think that we have to reference the manufacturer .	4	2
soon he will make the whole house his , but he needs that one safe place to start from .	3	2
This is Leninism , neat , with neither ice nor bitters .	0	2
Pierre Charles L'Enfant ,	3	1
He had just the faintest blush , and said modestly , I 've been teaching one of the native women about the station .	5	3
Mookie 's good , but he 's raw , and they ca n't even decide who to put in right .	6	1
Furthermore , I would like to reiterate that RAC 's goal , prior to quoting any credit reserve , is to be 100 % confident that : ( i ) the methodology that is being employed is consistent among the internal groups ; and ( ii ) the inherent value of the price risk management contracts matches .	5	1
It looks like NASA is ready to sour again after it's devastating loss from the Columbia accident which occurred nearly two years ago .	13	2
<< ld2d-#69366-1.DOC >> << ld2d-#69345-1.DOC >> ? << ld2d-#69397-1.DOC >> << ld2d-#69396-1.DOC >> << ld2d-#69377-1.XLS >> << ld2d-#69381-1.DOC >> << ld2d-#69366-1.DOC >> << ld2d-#69336-1.XLS >> << Primary Rights 4-12 .doc >> << ld2d-#69334-1.DOC >> << ld2d-#69345-1.DOC >>	11	6
The Caribbean Sea had been unknown to the populations of Eurasia until 1492 , when Christopher Columbus first sailed into Caribbean waters on a quest to find a sea route to Asia .	1	5
Please let me know if you need anything else .	2	1
We always took ours to dinner and discussed what things we felt we ' had ' to do and which ones we felt like skipping in lieu of just chilling .	3	2
Code in a form or report that can not run from a data access page is imported into the page as a comment block at the end of the document .	5	3
Joseph Manogue at Tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the draft ISDA doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original .	22	2
Well , in that case , we 'll probably bump into each other in Great Lakes Road .	10	2
This is a great place to shop .	6	2
George Walker Bush Switchboard : 202.456.1414 Comments : 202.456.1111 Fax : 202.456.2461 e-mail : presid...@whitehouse.gov	7	1
A shipment of weapons , ammunition and explosives , believed to have been purchased from Cambodia and worth several million dollars , left the port of Phuket in Thailand in early February 2001 aboard the freighter Comex - Joux 3 .	28	4
It s now my home .	2	2
We are obliged to participate in drafting Directives and also in assessing their results .	7	5
All in all , I think this is a terrific opportunity to improve sports coverage in a multitude of aspects ; but we will have to wait until after the event to assess to what extent the broadcasters will meet these expectations .	30	3
There is no passenger train service to Tulsa .	0	3
I thought I would have to wait until I went home to NYC .	3	3
What a hopeless business it was , hopeless for the D.C. and for the people .	7	4
Finally , a boy in the back raises his hand .	10	1
With Loma Prieta in 1989 , the effective barrier of the Cypress Street Overpass was destroyed , and the decades since have seen the rebuilding and refurbishing of many of the neighborhood 's original Victorian houses , and there is a burgeoning performing arts community growing near the center of the neighborhood .	14	2
First two times up , Kingsman hits solo shots , he said . Boom , boom . Big mothers – all the way to the moon .	8	3
While Bray was standing about in the group with the Odaras and the Wentzes , Jo-Ann Pettigrew , having failed to get him to eat her last marshmallow , put it in her mouth and signalled to everyone there was something they must hear .	4	3
I 'm looking for the confidentiality agreement , which may be in Bart 's files ( have n't checked closely yet ) .	6	5
In the Hong Kong Island geographical constituency , pro-Beijing New People Party 's Regina Ip was re-elected with 60,760 votes .	2	2
When items in a field are hidden by conditional filtering , a funnel appears to the left of the drop-down arrow Field arrow .	10	1
Incidentally , there are twenty columns , and these are reflected in the pool in front , which might also account for its name .	2	3
Now-and-then history treats us to an interval of freedom and civilization and we make much of it .	12	1
It is also important to narrow the mismatch between women 's abilities and their career paths .	10	1
The day before the liberation , about 80,000 Germans left Łódź in panic .	4	5
On the question of whether to exempt energy-intensive industries , in our view the Commission 's proposal has advantages and disadvantages .	12	2
Universities will take you whatever age you are .	5	2
The President has also said he would like to see Israel wiped off the map which he could n't even begin to try without nuclear weapons .	11	3
10 - Number of fellow members from the Yale secret society Skull and Bones that Bush has named to important positions ( including the Associate Attorney General Robert McCallum Jr. and SEC chief Bill Donaldson ) .	27	3
Outside the extreme northwest , the taiga is dominant , covering a significant fraction of the entirety of Siberia .	16	4
Since the television series ’ inception , writers at The AV Club have written two critical reviews for each episode :	16	4
The atmosphere alone deserves 4 stars but , the food was not up to par with the price tag and the reputation the restaurant carries .	14	2
being accepted with such immediate casual friendliness by everyone was rather like being forced to learn a foreign language by finding oneself alone among people who spoke nothing else :	10	3
A significant reduction in energy consumption as suggested by the Commission in its European Climate Change Programme ( ECCP ) is possible .	13	4
The debris formed a ring around the Earth 's equator and was eventually drawn together by gravity to form the moon .	0	2
In Balzac Ewelina found a kindred spirit for her emotional and social desires , with the added benefit of feeling a connection to the glamorous capital of France .	15	2
and in virtue of the authority thereby in me vested , do hereby order and direct the representatives of the different States of the Union to assemble in Musical Hall , of this city , on the 1st day of Feb. next , then and there to make such alterations in the existing laws of the Union as may ameliorate the evils under which the country is laboring , and thereby cause confidence to exist , both at home and abroad , in our stability and integrity .	7	1
That , I think , started my thinking about this , but it took a while for the idea to crystallize .	1	1
I was in a meeting last week and this was discussed ( I do n't remember if you were there or not ) but I 'm thinking that you may have already proceeded ahead for implementation which is great , thanks !	8	2
Babe 's 185 Bridge Plaza North , tel : 1 201 944-6800 .	9	1
The new law is not retroactive , so the taxes requested in arrears from 2006 to 2009 are under the ICI system .	14	2
My partners and I solicit your assistance in completing a transaction begun by my father , who has long been actively engaged in the extraction of petroleum in the United States of America , and bravely served his country as director of the United States Central Intelligence Agency .	14	3
In Access 2002 , you or a user can change ANSI SQL query mode through the user interface and ANSI-92 queries are no longer hidden in the Database window , so you should prevent accidental or intentional changes to the ANSI SQL query mode of your application by protecting your code and preventing the changing of the query mode through the application 's user interface .	7	2
Imagine that when we got on this boat , we were all given two Styrofoam peanuts .	16	1
Please provide me your thoughts asap .	1	4
I worked with some great musicians and performed around the world .	1	3
Many of the plays had already appeared in quarto versions — flimsy books made from sheets of paper folded twice to make four leaves .	8	3
Did anything happen before losing his trust ?	7	1
The conference will review the parameters of these challenges and possible solutions to them .	12	1
News coverage of the president ’s years in the Guard has tended to focus on one brief portion of that time — to the exclusion of virtually everything else .	28	2
An idea at the back of it ; not a sentimental pretense but an idea ; and an unselfish belief in the idea – something you can set up , and bow down before , and offer a sacrifice to ... .	28	1
Michele Tollis , Fabio 's father , began to attend metal concerts and festivals across Europe , handing out leaflets and quizzing Fabio 's friends .	6	1
STOA , to produce for us a paper which indicated low sulphur fuels are essential .	5	1
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License , Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide , royalty - free , non - exclusive , perpetual ( for the duration of the applicable copyright ) license to exercise the rights in the Work as stated below :	18	1
And laughing like a maniac , he dragged Harry back upstairs .	7	4
Medicine , however affordable , is of no value if no one is available to prescribe or administer it .	16	1
However , this toolbar is really bad news .	2	2
A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated : will NBC have its best sports broadcasters following the event after having worked the Winter Olympics ?	0	1
He knows his own mind but he 's not an intransigent fellow at all ...	7	1
The name seemed to suggest something to Auster , and he paused for a moment abstractedly , as if searching through his memory .	17	1
The result that healthy ants die sooner when ingesting ROS [ Reactive Oxygen Species , the group of chemicals that includes hydrogen peroxide ] but infected ants die less was obtained in another way ( as you have to ' force feed ' the ROS , as healthy ants , when given the choice , ignore that food-source . )	18	5
It was as if with all made splendidly ready for a theatrical performance , a party of workmen with their gear had been left behind .	4	2
A nigger was being beaten near by .	6	1
The early voting suggests that this time the Latin Americans will come out to vote in greater numbers , but it is unclear whether the increase will have an impact .	13	1
It 's not like the glow will get up and run away from you , but still .	14	1
Long before ( September 1560 ) Dr. Lopez had been the personal house doctor of Robert Dudley and the good doctor was obligated to write the death certificate for Amy Robsart ( stating that she had " accidentally " fallen down the stairs ) .	32	4
My Favorite place at Wildwood	3	1
Anticipating a difficulty , I ask the stewardess to serve me a kosher lunch .	14	1
Yes you can carry your duty free bottles , and liquids onto your connection as it is only a domestic flight :-)	19	4
In addition , the police forces have successfully conducted a number of operations to dismantle workshops and seize large numbers of counterfeit banknotes and coins before they enter into circulation .	29	6
Is it better to book a cruise online or by a travel agent ?	2	3
The difference is when the cat hisses , that means they are annoyed and they want the other cat to go away .	11	2
Then , as you work through your day , check off each of the items on your list .	13	2
Well 6 weeks Later when he came back out He was again working on my mare s front Foot and I looked Down and Yeah he had Wholes In his pants In the wrong places I bust out Laughing and He was like what ???	28	1
" If China 's economy falters , which , in my view , appears increasingly likely , then commodity prices will plummet , and with them , the value of the assets that produce them , " Jason Kindopp , Eurasia 's lead China analyst , said .	45	1
AND they 're usually able to help you as a walk - in , and they 're fast .	2	2
The report says the decline in iodine intake appears to be due to changes in the dairy industry , where chlorine-containing sanitisers have replaced iodine-containing sanitisers .	3	2
You may be able to do better on the rates if you request competitive quotes via CruiseCompete ) .	11	2
I could n't help asking him once what he meant by coming there at all .	2	2
I met Gwenzi 's brother in London one day while he was at Gray 's Inn ;	6	3
By the end of 2005 you 'll have a whole new start with regard to your career and your earning potential - and a possible new partnership to top it off !	16	3
I would like , first of all , to thank the rapporteur for his exceptionally accurate and technical work on the report and , secondly , the Commission for the proposal it has submitted .	2	2
The New Zealand government intends to hold two referendums to reach a verdict on the flag , at an estimated cost of NZ $ 26 million , although a recent poll found only a quarter of citizens favoured changing the flag .	31	3
The other fields are outer fields .	3	2
Earl ,	1	1
This pilot project primarily investigated how participants visually explore artworks and provides new insights into the potential eye-tracking has to transform the ways we understand visual processing in arts and culture and at the same time offer a direct way of studying several important factors of a museum visit , namely to assess the effects of label characteristics on visitor visual behaviour .	17	6
The employees at this Sear's are completely apathetic and there did n't seem to be any sort of management that I could see .	14	1
She ’s wearing a 1950s sundress and a broad-brimmed hat , and it ’s like an essay on the last century — the austere steel bridge , the bright blobs of subway graffiti , and her yellow dress , flapping against her legs as she climbs over the bridge ’s rail .	46	2
He then " fixed " it for free but it still looked like crap .	1	2
Then the whole population cleared into the forest , expecting all kinds of calamities to happen , while , on the other hand , the steamer Fresleven commanded left also in a bad panic , in charge of the engineer , I believe .	18	1
Do n’t worry about completing the entire thing , but take steps now so that doing so in the future is a breeze .	9	2
Advances in molecular biology offer analogous – but far more sophisticated – solutions .	11	1
First two times up , Kingsman hits solo shots , he said . Boom , boom . Big mothers – all the way to the moon .	17	2
Directive 96/96/EC established the principle that commercial road vehicles must undergo an annual roadworthiness test at an approved testing centre .	2	6
Privately as well as publicly , Springer vigorously pursued reconciliation with the Jewish people and took many trips to Israel .	10	2
The receptionist of " Hand made " , the former film making company of George Harrison said : " we do n't have any relation with that man anymore and we do n't want to know anything about him " .	40	1
Add one cup of broth and one cup of water to the saucepan and bring to a boil over medium high heat .	12	4
A woman walks into an Israeli restaurant in mid-day , eats , observes families with old people and children eating their lunch in the adjacent tables and pays the bill .	27	2
A Top Quality Sandwich made to artistic standards .	8	1
Make sure that it is a language that while speaking , you do n't get a literal knot in your tongue !	5	1
They went into the Sputnik Bar for a moment , meeting music like a buffeting about the head , and then someone said that he thought the arrangement had been to meet at the railway crossing .	31	2
As the evaluation report also mentions ( p. 14 ) that the organisation of Pericles actions covered all the areas relevant to the protection of the euro :	20	4
If you enjoy amazing things , you must go to World 's Finest Donair .	4	3
The servant bowed confusedly at him , walking backwards , in the tribal way before rank , and then recovering himself and leaving the room with an anonymous lope .	5	2
Once I actually got back in my car , it was dirty and had grease all over the steering wheel .	15	2
My second favorite would have to be the Guinea Pig - not quite as social with people as rats ( at least mine was n't ) but more so than most hamsters or mice .	18	2
Eugene A. Nida ( November 11 , 1914 – August 25 , 2011 ) was a linguist who developed the dynamic-equivalence Bible-translation theory and one of the founders of the modern discipline of Translation Studies .	34	4
Łódź ( Pronounced : Wootch ) is Poland 's third biggest city , and the capital of the Łódzkie Voivodship .	0	2
The application of the Constitution and acts adopted by the institutions shall , as a transitional measure , be subject to the derogations provided for in this Protocol .	10	6
I loved the atmosphere here and the food is good , however the tables are so close together that it feels very cramped .	14	2
" When dandelions have set the mark of May on Wisconsin pastures , it is time to listen for the final proof of spring , " wrote Aldo Leopold in " A Sand County Almanac . "	25	1
India keeps what it has while Pakistan and China ( which was gifted a slice of the territory three decades ago ) do likewise .	2	2
Well , you do not want to face the dilemma .	6	1
A beautiful spring light shone on the cobblestones , flowers of many colors stood in window boxes along the house fronts , and far down at the end of the street was the ocean , with its white waves and blue , blue water .	44	1
" Difficult to guess , " I tell her .	9	1
" The funeral was attended by " almost every writer in Paris " , including Frédérick Lemaître , Gustave Courbet , Dumas père and Dumas fils .	21	3
In addition , statute determines the election of assembly of regions , and metropolitan districts .	6	4
But if not just say no but i hope there is like one out there somewhere .	2	2
Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41 .	15	1
" Balzac often fell ill , finally causing the headmaster to contact his family with news of a " sort of a coma " .	18	1
i guz what lol	2	2
Gallop , I 've already read that whole site and been reading through research articles from the research colleges as well .	21	1
You say I cook chicken , is n't it ?	5	1
Places Rated Almanac ranks the area second in recreational options out of 354 US metro areas .	11	1
My favorite so far in Bellevue .	0	1
and thereafter he presents himself as no more than the editor of the translation .	8	2
As of 2003 , a greater involvement of judiciary authorities is observed , while as of 2004 and 2005 , there is a more pronounced participation of the financial sector ( public sector financial intermediaries , National Central Banks , commercial banking and other financial institutions ) .	29	3
Learn more about our name policies .	4	2
The rapporteur , Mr Koch , to whom we express our thanks for the work which he has done on this , has already pointed out that basically everything could have been somewhat more advanced had it not been for the inactivity on the part of the CEN , which has been very dilatory in drawing up and adapting the Directive .	8	1
Last year was an incredible year and I ’m ready for us to come back even better in 2017 .	14	2
Gazing out across the valley and then calmly at him , she had her look of wanting to find out exactly what they were talking about .	4	3
he has been drinking water ( i am pretty sure he has been drinking it out of his bowl , but also i have been feeding him water and he does n't ever give me a problem with that - i just stick his head near the water and he sucks it down . )	42	3
The service is great and during weekends it tends to get busy , but the wait is worthwhile .	8	3
Here are the numbers to call :	3	4
Note that you are not required to link either a CSS file or an XSL style sheet to an XML document in order for Internet Explorer 5 ( and later versions ) to display the document .	2	2
Information on archive sites , and indices of comp.sources.unix back issues are posted regularly in comp.sources.unix and comp.sources.d .	15	6
Many of his works have been made into popular films and television serials .	5	2
Growing Beavertail can be done at any time of year by scattering seeds in a shady bed or , for faster results , planting cuttings in a mix of soil and sand and ensuring that they have a bit of water and plenty of sun .	23	4
The first inhabitants of Coron were the Tagbanuas who belong to the second wave of Indonesians who migrated to this area some 5,000 years ago .	2	6
The two paintings by Lucas Cranach the Elder on display are especially eye - catching .	13	1
Coming to stay , and overstay your three months visit will lead to immediate expulsion and a lifetime ban to immigrate to Canada - NOT GOOD .	18	2
Your emotional reactions to any piece of news about an Israeli casualty , a plane shot down , are pre-determined .	3	1
He made a grab for the letters , but Dobby jumped out of reach .	1	2
The unity of the Civilized World in fighting this horror is absolutely indispensable .	4	5
It could be said that the omission gives the impression that the Commission too has no idea how to provide maximum coordination between European Social Fund assistance , which is subject to review after three and a half years , and the Member States ' annual national plans for employment .	49	5
Paris also claims that her passport was taken away from her and she was forced to work in the engine room .	0	3
Yes , I suppose I wo n't know my way around when I get into town .	13	2
I called over the weekend due to clogged kitchen sink .	7	4
It is not as precise as a pelham bit because it only uses one rein , though the modern ones have two or three slots on which to put the reins .	7	3
Of the total 56 projects , 41 originate at the competent authorities of Member States , while 15 are an initiative of the Commission / OLAF .	10	5
While it 's not easy to separate fact from fiction , Attorney General Ashcroft and Director Mueller have publicly confirmed Aafia is still being sought .	4	2
Pink or black ballet slippers are also appropriate .	5	2
Three months before , Adamson Mweta stood outside a steak house in Kensington and said to him ,	2	3
When you move a field to the column area , the unique items of data are displayed across the columns .	14	2
In February 1832 Balzac received a letter from Odessa - lacking a return address and signed only by " L ' Étrangère " ( " The Foreigner " ) - expressing sadness at the cynicism and atheism in La Peau De Chagrin and its negative portrayal of women .	20	1
Unfortunately Debbie and I will not be able to attend due to previous committments .	11	1
Saturday , October 19 , 2013	0	4
These works were written under the name of William Wilson , and he produced them at the rate of about one a year , which brought in enough money for him to live modestly in a small New York apartment .	13	4
see you there at 4:00 unless I call you	8	2
Well , here 's to three crazy people , said Wentz , excitedly picking up his glass .	16	3
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned Saudi Arabia in his three State of the Union addresses .	8	3
From there , the demonstration took players to investigate the murder of Nightwing .	3	2
It was the farthest point of navigation and the culminating point of my experience .	2	2
Never had a problem with the staff and found them very helpful when something went wrong .	9	2
The target for NASA & Company probably to get by 2018 all the ambitious space program countries shifting towards this model , through the propaganda of another moon mission ; deliberately failing this or trying hard for another moon landing hoax ; achieving the real aim of space unity between space programs of other countries .	10	2
Here is a list of the risk people that will be with the estate .	10	1
He allowed his boy – an overfed young negro from the coast – to treat the white men , under his very eyes , with provoking insolence .	16	3
I have used these guys for new snows , fixing lots of flats , used replacement tires , and oil changes .	11	1
He stood at the sink , drinking cold water and looking at the avocado pear pip growing suspended by three matchsticks in the neck of a pickle jar of water on the sill .	19	3
Many other people Bray had seen at the ball streamed in in their finery :	9	4
Was fast and easy , Just had our car returned this morning , I would recommend these Mobile Mechanics for sure .	9	4
I shall you tomorrow to discuss the details .	1	3
All of a sudden a terrible wind blew up , so strong that I thought the hill my little house was built on would be blown apart – but I ’d seen the Devil do things as bad as this before ( the Devil had often tried to harm me ) , so I took heart and went on meditating .	47	1
I had hear great things about Phet and G&G Automotive so I decided to give him a try .	2	2
I believe that there might be a sign - flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue .	1	4
Email or text your friends the language so that they wo n't be so confused .	6	4
Dust storms usually start in desert margins rather than the deserts themselves where the finer materials have already been blown away .	12	3
If this interpretation required knowledge on Stillman 's part , then Quinn would accept this knowledge as an article of faith , at least for the time being .	27	3
in many ways , he is the antipode to Victor Hugo 's democratic republicanism .	12	5
He walked around to ease the cramp in his knees but there was a small circumference and within a few strides one found oneself back again at the shop , before which women and child passengers were drawn to gaze at embroidered aprons and evzone dolls .	42	3
FROM : GEORGE WALKER BUSH 202.456.1414 / 202.456.1111 FAX : 202.456.2461	4	2
( the first couple of times they will fly all over the cage but as long as you do nt jump back or screem they will get used to you ) They will have no choice but to go on your finger .	27	2
Arctic summer sea ice will decline by 50 percent by the end of the 21st century , the assessment found , with some models predicting complete disappearance of summer sea ice .	21	2
We 're quite far from our goals currently , but we take comfort in the fact that every month wikiHow gets noticeably better and larger	10	1
Some of this stuff is dangerous -- this experiment is not meant for children !	0	2
Kathy and Stewart , the proprietors were the epitome of perfection .	10	5
This place is a complete embarrassment .	0	2
We exhale carbon dioxide , so does mycelium .	3	4
One major goal in recent decades has been to shift representation at the IMF somewhat away from Europe and toward the world 's emerging markets .	12	2
Discovery has already been retired following the completion of STS-133 last month , its 39th mission .	15	4
The population of Łódź soared from some 4,000 people in the 1830s and 40,000 in 1865 to over 300,000 inhabitants at the turn of the century , which was an unprecedented growth on a worldwide scale .	19	6
That India is not Yugoslavia and that the " foreigner - led " Indian National Congress can least afford to ignore Indian nationalism , has not struck the conferees , among whom have been several Indian " scholars " and " analysts " ready to say and endorse anything for the sake of a free trip to New York or Vienna .	49	2
He will be in Calgary in a couple of weeks and will interview you then .	7	3
I want to go all over :) I do n't have a set route yet .	6	1
Please help us by logging onto the Rockin on the River website at .	2	1
With these operating standards implemented worldwide , we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure Enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide .	14	2
It looked as though it had once been a large stone pigsty , but extra rooms had been added here and there until it was several storeys high and so crooked it looked as though it was held up by magic ( which , Harry reminded himself , it probably was ) .	40	3
" In a Hasidic sweater factory in New Jersey .	6	1
The Incas treated the crop as sacred and referred to quinoa as " chisaya mama " or " mother of all grains . " [ 1 ]	16	1
this will shall be expressed in periodic and genuine elections which shall be by universal and equal suffrage and shall be held by secret vote or by equivalent free voting procedures .	12	1
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .	23	2
They were set up by the European Union for a specific purpose .	3	1
The case on which the Court has ruled was of the religious schools Santo Spirito and Immacolata in Livorno , Tuscany , to pay over 422,000 euros in arrears for the period from 2004 to 2009 .	24	2
The italicised phrase parodying the line " Oh , tiger 's heart wrapped in a woman 's hide " from Shakespeare 's Henry VI , Part 3 , along with the pun " Shake - Scene " , identifies Shakespeare as Greene 's target .	19	2
His first histories , which draw heavily on the 1587 edition of Raphael Holinshed 's Chronicles of England , Scotland , and Ireland , dramatise the destructive results of weak or corrupt rule and have been interpreted as a justification for the origins of the Tudor dynasty .	38	1
I knew it when I said yes to Mweta .	5	2
- Billy Crystal	2	4
' He sealed the utterance with that smile of his , as though it had been a door opening into a darkness he had in his keeping .	17	2
Do n't worry , the vodka wo n't freeze .	1	2
One has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these people do n't know what they are , do n't care , or know perfectly well .	18	2
A significant reduction in energy consumption as suggested by the Commission in its European Climate Change Programme ( ECCP ) is possible .	8	1
One of his last means of placing pressure on Hungary was the threat of imposing general and free elections .	7	4
Kids fun games and video shows are added to the other facilities .	4	3
Your mama is so fat : When she hauls ass she has to make two trips .	9	2
Still , I 've always suspected that Cervantes devoured those old romances .	12	1
Just jealous .	1	4
In the winter , they will usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation - like state called brumation , which is characterized by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity .	28	4
I will be completing my tour of duty in Bolivia in September of this year .	14	2
" I can only imagine that this is what Hiroshima looked like 60 years ago , " said Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour after viewing the destruction from the air .	11	2
Do n't know where else you can find Purple Hull Peas and some of the other sides .	10	2
By March of '68 the Dow had fallen to 825 , only to climb to a highly speculative peak of 985 in December of '68 .	12	1
Also , do n't forget to try out Korea 's famous amusement parks ! : Lotte World , Everland , and Carribbean Bay !	17	1
If you want an attorney who will defend your right , contact Law Offices of Armando Villega	13	4
To : SPAR < s...@sonic.net >	1	1
22 - Number of hours prisoners were handcuffed , shackled , and made to wear surgical masks , earmuffs , and blindfolds during their flight to Guantanamo .	0	1
The noise outside had ceased , and presently in going out I stopped at the door .	15	2
What do they want to hear how you had to go round to the back door of the missionary 's house ?	10	1
I then called the 800 number ( which was answered ) and inquired about last minute rates .	9	4
“ Superheroes are outside of human experience and so is this , so I treated it like a drama , ” Zimmer says .	3	4
" Commander In Chief " does n't mean that he is the boss of the Military , merely that he is the Administrator , just as he is the Administrator of the Executive Branch , charged with " executing faithfully " all the laws passed by Congress and all the Decisions rendered by the Supreme Court .	24	2
One , with his chin propped on his knees , stared at nothing , in an intolerable and appalling manner : his brother phantom rested its forehead , as if overcome with a great weariness ; and all about others were scattered in every pose of contorted collapse , as in some picture of a massacre or a pestilence .	10	3
I guess the questions on which I should like your steer are : ( a ) Do you have a particular sensitivity about the reference to bad faith proceedings made by United India ?	6	1
When items in a field are hidden by conditional filtering , a funnel appears to the left of the drop-down arrow Field arrow .	19	5
" I can go as far as twenty-five . "	8	1
At this time we are putting together small working groups to validate some of our assumptions and refine our initial service offerings .	15	6
While these concerns should not be dismissed out of hand , none of them is the source of the current slowdown .	21	1
We do not know what is happening .	6	5
In August 1969 , Pope Paul VI removed the death penalty from the Vatican law and revoked it from all offences .	14	2
President Bush has always said that working for Blount was the reason he transferred to the Alabama Air National Guard .	3	3
The front - runner for the 2000 Republican presidential nomination faltered Thursday in an international affairs pop quiz posed by Andy Hiller , a political reporter for WHDH - TV in Boston .	24	5
One thing that I should say ... is that like all research , the outcome of what we are doing is highly uncertain .	19	3
One thought is to have just the agenda as a couple topics and then lead in with the first two questions as I 've listed .	17	2
Many Taliban living in Afghanistan voted for President Karzai .	1	4
Dr. Stiefvater has always been very professional and helpful .	2	2
And George Bush and James Baker , secretary of state , agreed that NATO would not expand one inch to the east .	21	2
Method 2 of 2 : Basic Chocolate Vegan Cupcakes	1	1
Over the coming years , faced with the challenges of globalisation and eastward enlargement , Europe will , more than ever before , require appropriate detailed guidance on how to plan and revitalise its economy .	13	6
I found that the lion , in place of his sword , now held a rather large plaque .	12	2
Doing this too often can quickly turn an otherwise flirtatious conversation into one in which you appear needy and self-loathing .	7	1
Such integration could be facilitated by wide availability of and easy access to information relating to the sustainability of their products .	10	2
Grammar schools varied in quality during the Elizabethan era , but grammar school curricula were largely similar , the basic Latin text was standardised by royal decree , and the school would have provided an intensive education in grammar based upon Latin classical authors .	7	6
I may not have to pay a penalty , yet , but this is NOT what I had in mind when hired these guys .	0	1
Natasha is the BEST photographer we have ever worked with .	5	1
Please tell me there is a deeper reason .	5	1
It ’s not a geographic endeavor , it is an intellectual endeavor .	9	1
It looks as if Hamas has thrown in the towel for this round , unable to take the beating the Israeli Defense Forces have unleashed upon this terrorist group .	24	5
Spanish is a language often used for day-to-day discourse in many places , although English is the language of preference , especially when dealing with businesses and government .	13	4
Will we choose to rise about prejudice and intolerance or go down kicking and screaming with holding on to fear and anger ?	17	1
September 11 was quantitatively much less lethal than many earthquakes	6	3
Because Israel and any problems related to it , in spite of what you might read or hear in the world media , is not the central issue , and has never been the central issue in the upheaval in the region .	8	1
The flat-rate approach produces more risk of overcompensation , which is why we have set the margin at 2.6 -% .	8	1
i think Miramar was a famous goat trainer or something .	7	4
I had buried my husband in a lead box sunk into the mud of the bottom of the river , where all the riverboatmen lie .	0	1
thank you :)	2	1
A common way to play is to make the snitch a person , and give the snitch a head start to run and hide in defined boundaries .	2	2
He was an unshaven little man in a threadbare coat like a gaberdine , with his feet in slippers , and I thought him a harmless fool .	9	2
As a first step in defining the “ transmedia fan ” , the current project undertakes a comparative discourse analysis of online conversations of Game of Thrones fans .	24	2
Jared just told me you have a BUNCH of stuff on your plate and I think you are about to get much busier too .	18	3
For example , if you have a sales report that you want to make available over the Web , instead of creating a data access page and customizing it to look like the sales report , you can save the report as a data access page .	1	4
If you are of a religious turn of mind , you may wish at this point to offer a prayer to a god , goddess , protective spirit or guardian angel .	26	5
( do not take away the food dish from the birds , they will associate you as the person who takes away their food ) ....	24	1
Installing the Office Web Components	3	2
You should really ask this in the art section .	4	2
I do n't know if this has been verified .	0	1
This Directive is in accordance with certain principles for the implementation of the new approach as set out in the Council Resolution of 7 May 1985 on a new approach to technical harmonisation and standards and of making reference to harmonised European standards .	34	5
Do not drink if underage in your country .	5	1
What would you get if you cross a sussex male and a silkie female ?	2	2
I have to decline the invitation with regrets .	5	5
He had told me that he found indescribable delight in reading dictionaries for lack of other books .	9	1
Goodwyn dutifully notes that Baba Groom did n't remember George telling drunk stories .	10	4
True , there are about 300,000 wolves and wolf hybrids kept as pets in the United States .	8	2
( See attached file : UnleadedStocks.pdf ) ( See attached file : CrudeStocks.pdf ) ( See attached file : HeatingOilStocks.pdf ) ( See attached file : PADDIIstocksCL.pdf ) ( See attached file : PADDIstocksHO.pdf ) ( See attached file : PADDIstocksHU.pdf ) ( See attached file : API.pdf )	35	1
Good local steakhouse , I recommend it !	2	5
I have never been and I will never be a Government official and I have no privileged information .	8	1
Shall we censor the works of poet Charles Baudelaire as well ?	1	1
The decision to sidestep the obvious to satisfy the need to avoid confrontation does not bring peace , but only delays the eventual conflict as the predators of Hamas and Hezbollah exploit the inherent weakness of the internationals and the media .	31	4
In this sense , fans of the series represent an emerging model for cultural consumption that should be carefully explored .	6	2
This is simply a protective mechanism for their false image or their fantasy land .	2	3
" A few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear 's paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling . "	1	1
He complained about the " visible lack of progress " and reaching an impasse in talks with both sides .	14	1
as they can drink a lot .	6	1
Ash - Sharq al - Awsat reports that Fallujah was closed Tuesday in a general strike .	16	1
He preceded to grab the slice off the countertop and throw it into the trash while yelling at me saying , " you do not order what you do not know about " and " you do n't know how pizza is made " .	21	1
I am just middle aged and do not want to die , but thanks to this doctor i have no other alternatives .	21	6
If you were of integrity , the program will continue and the money that so many others have received will come your way .	7	4
Following enlargement , this type of activity is likely to develop further , which is also in line with the recommendation of the Pericles evaluator .	8	3
He took a deep breath , scattered the powder into the flames and stepped forward ; the fire felt like a warm breeze ; he opened his mouth and immediately swallowed a lot of hot ash .	1	2
Given the urgent need to contribute to the achievement of the commitments in the framework of the Kyoto Protocol to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) , and without prejudice to the integrated approach promoted in this Directive , some priority should be given to those measures with a high potential for reducing greenhouse gas emissions at low cost .	29	3
One of the examples of research applied under safety measures has also produced a humanoid robot to compete with Valentino Rossi .	3	4
The economic analogue of codependency applies especially well to the US and China .	5	4
Imagine a hotel having problems with people .	6	3
I love this place lots of people to talk to and school is across the street !	4	2
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 Fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 Email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	2	3
Consider a similar case : a little book published in 1934 by the Surrealist artist Max Ernst called Une Semaine de Bonté .	8	5
The common position includes practically all of the amendments accepted by the Commission and harmonises the minimum examination requirements for safety advisers and , at second reading , we can accept the amendment on the proposed date , which is much more realistic than the one originally suggested by the Commission , bearing in mind that we have now spent several years debating this question .	14	5
And we bought a few cookies there too , they were fantastic as well ! )	7	2
But it always comes down to the same thing : you Europeans talk very reasonably about that sort of suffering because you do n't know ... you may have thought it was terrible , but there 's nothing like that in your lives .	19	5
Warm regards ,	1	4
" They 're so lively , so childlike . "	1	2
She is always so busy , too , which is a good indication of her talent .	9	1
10 . Jack Welch , CEO , General Motors	6	1
It included three tracks cowritten with Rafferty 's brother Jim , also a singer - songwriter , who had been signed to Decca Records in the 1970s .	17	2
Cyclones gather their strength through scraping moisture and heat from warm ocean water that it is not the case over land .	5	4
They 're currently on their honeymoon but shortly after returning will be moving from Buenos Aires to Miami , Florida .	3	1
It was the first time she had been to his apartment , and she stood square in the center of his bedroom , her arms folded against her body as if she was afraid to sit down , to touch something .	6	2
Oh , it is dueled out through one catalytic converter with Flow Masters to accent the sound .	12	4
The theatre has greatly improved the surrounding neighborhood .	3	4
" Of course . "	4	1
I 'm looking to visit India with some mates at the beginning of February next year and I am wandering what standard of accommodation we could get for Rs 500 per person per night .	10	2
Privately as well as publicly , Springer vigorously pursued reconciliation with the Jewish people and took many trips to Israel .	3	1
You can set the color and width of borders of controls .	11	1
Per our conversation a few minutes ago , attached please find the revised Stipulation .	7	1
The young bachelors romped and the tousled girls , passing close by , or smiling suddenly at people they were n't aware of , gave up the scent of cosmetics and perfume heated on their bodies .	9	4
That 's still the domain of those who do n't .	10	1
A beautiful spring light shone on the cobblestones , flowers of many colors stood in window boxes along the house fronts , and far down at the end of the street was the ocean , with its white waves and blue , blue water .	7	6
But it is clear that financial firms compete with others for resources , and especially for skilled labor .	15	2
Feel you 're surrounded by infinite peace and happiness , and feel that your own sense of existence is in direct contact with that endless peace and happiness all around you .	26	2
They indicated they could use Steve 's help face to face at some point .	7	2
The Yerba Buena Garden was built at the beginning of the 1990s on the roof of the Moscone North Convention Center .	8	5
At weekend press conferences in Salt Lake City and Phoenix , FBI and state officials said Jeffs " is considered armed and dangerous and may be traveling with armed bodyguards . "	7	2
He 's not giving 85 % away , he 's giving a number of shares each year that decrease in number at the rate of 5 % a year ( until gone ? ) .	14	3
Every day the coast looked the same , as though we had not moved ; but we passed various places – trading places – with names like Gran' Bassam Little Popo , names that seemed to belong to some sordid farce acted in front of a sinister backcloth .	35	1
THERE IS NO SUCH THING any more , anywhere , it ’s an online dating scam . "	8	4
Email : n3td3v < xploita...@gmail.com >	5	1
It follows a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for Iraq 's police and army instead went to al - Qaeda .	1	4
You made a choice to be a mommy , you do nt get a break until they move out , that s the choice that you madea and that 's life .	14	3
We have not received access to this information which has resulted so far in additional electric cost of $ 200,987.33 for the period of July through September .	6	2
Such integration could be facilitated by wide availability of and easy access to information relating to the sustainability of their products .	4	6
Can you find out who I need to send it to in HR ?	11	1
They spent a lot of time with me and got me into a great pair of shoes .	8	2
I explained that i was already on my way and i would rush to get there as soon as i could because i needed my car for work at 5 am , but the guy was arguing with me saying he was gon na lock the doors right at 5:30 .	10	1
Because Usamah is Saudi , my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the Wahhabi school of Islam that predominates among Saudia 's some 15 million citizens .	14	1
The latter date can only have fallen on a Friday if an exceptional leap month had been introduced that year , but this was favoured by Newton .	10	1
" I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , " Baird said .	11	5
And I ca n't even load the newest version of Cyanogen Mod .	5	2
I personally trust this Midas store with all my vehicles , I have been going there for years & would never go anywhere else !	11	1
If you do would you send me a copy ?	7	1
But one travel expert warned in - flight internet was often unreliable and was unlikely to influence travellers ' airline choices .	10	3
The ISO board called an emergency meeting the next week demanding Winter explain his actions .	9	2
Second , he could not fully grasp that rising real material living standards for the working class might well go hand in hand with a rising rate of exploitation – that is , a smaller income share for labor .	34	4
This means we wo n't be in town for the Compaq thing .	6	1
Australian woman claims Church of Scientology imprisoned her for twelve years	6	5
The graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics I have ever seen for any game and I have been gaming since the MUD days .	6	2
They have crushed red pepper flakes and oregano .	0	2
They also spawn new local companies that serve as suppliers , thereby boosting employment , augmenting workers ' skills , improving productivity , and increasing government revenue .	16	4
A part of him had died , he told his friends , and he did not want it coming back to haunt him .	1	2
“ Fucking airsurfers , ” says Derya .	1	4
As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now .	7	1
Getting the Spanish out of Iraq is n't nearly as good a rallying cry for al - Qaeda in the Arab world as getting the Americans and British out .	6	1
35 m - Number of Americans that the government defines as " food insecure , " in other words , hungry .	5	5
I hope and trust that Europe under German leadership will rise to the occasion .	14	1
He never once contacted us .	4	1
Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .	21	1
Suppose , for the sake of discussion , that someone would openly stay in a well - known address in Teheran , hosted by the Iranian Government and financed by it , executing one atrocity after another in Spain or in France , killing hundreds of innocent people , accepting responsibility for the crimes , promising in public TV interviews to do more of the same , while the Government of Iran issues public condemnations of his acts but continues to host him , invite him to official functions and treat him as a great dignitary .	42	1
The study in question focuses on the attention , proposing and evaluation in the context of the classroom .	1	3
It boggles the mind that ANYONE can take at face value Bush 's claims to be a christian , yet many seem to do just that .	13	3
|--------+-----------------------> | | Tana.Jones@en | | | ron.com | | | | | | 11/29/2000 | | | 04:34 PM | | | | |--------+----------------------->	19	1
It 's cool ... it 's like another family .	5	1
Food is just okay .. wo n't crave it , but would n't mind coming back for a quick meal .	16	2
I would very much like to know on what kind of scientific evidence the Greens are basing all these amendments .	6	2
America 's fiscal and monetary policies , for example , will always be driven by domestic considerations first ( if not second and third as well ) .	18	1
On the third landing , a door stood ajar .	5	1
Do not use these guys .	1	2
My take is that the UDCs will be indifferent to this ( maybe ? ) and our # 1 priority is to work to get the PG&E model adopted across the state .	30	2
If you edit the ConnectionString property of a page that is linked to a connection file , the link will be broken and the ConnectionFile property will be set to null .	11	3
It is also hard , on the other hand , to expect countries to surrender sovereignty over their national health systems .	15	6
Under President Hu Jintao , Beijing has opened out to New Delhi and Prime Minister Wen Jiabao is expected to visit early next year , making friends by formally accepting Sikkim as part of India and backing India as a permanent member of the U.N. Security Council -- thus leaving Washington as the only one of the " permanent five " that has not yet done so .	22	2
Bray 's ears were filled with the strange echoes of exhaustion and , stoked up by the hot lunch , his body threatened to suffocate him with waves of heat .	0	2
But we also want to create a range of additional incentives , for instance through the ten-year market exclusivity right .	0	2
Upon delivery it was clear the entire set was damaged : a piece of wood was broke on the headboard ; the chest of drawers was missing all four pieces necessary to attach the legs ; the dresser back legs were pushed in causing the dresser to lean into the wall ; and a nighstand was missing a drawer .	21	2
If even a modicum of normality and security can be returned to Iraq , its citizens will be able to benefit from the country 's petroleum reserves .	5	5
Margot 's had to be in the kitchen herself from six in the morning , and some nights it 's been until ten .	2	2
They shouted , sang ; their bodies streamed with perspiration ; they had faces like grotesque masks – these chaps ; but they had bone , muscle , a wild vitality , an intense energy of movement , that was as natural and true as the surf along their coast .	29	2
We understand that it is important that the two institutions - Parliament and Commission - cooperate and work together and that the current cooperation with the Committee on Regional Policy , and in particular the transport group , is magnificent .	20	2
the attitude of some staff is terrible , did not solve anything only say i can do nothing .	3	2
Andrew was helpful and knowledgeable about acupuncture re : infertility .	6	6
All aspects of the joke you tell , from the content to the length , need to be suited to your audience .	22	1
What is the best way of doing it ?	8	1
one was strong and healthy , while the other was emaciated , shackled , carrying the baggage of disease , and confronting the massive barrier of malnutrition .	18	4
The two screamed to frighten the bear and warn their friends in a tent several metres away but the bear ripped into that tent and began mauling 31 - year - old Alain Parenteau .	21	2
Felix Airways offers two flights per week on Wednesday afternoon and Saturday morning .	2	3
But succintly making point after succint point , the text of the letter stands on its own merit , regardless .	9	2
I am a business owner in downtown Saratoga Springs and wish this restaurant was in our town !	1	1
At the peremptory request and desire of a large majority of the citizens of these United States , I , Joshua Norton , formerly of Algoa Bay , Cape of Good Hope , and now for the last 9 years and 10 months past of S.F. , Cal. , declare and proclaim myself Emperor of these U.S. ;	46	1
I may not have to pay a penalty , yet , but this is NOT what I had in mind when hired these guys .	20	2
I have a question about McDonald 's Monopoly !	1	2
These grew spontaneously one out of the other , and once you had been present at the first , you got handed on to all the others .	23	1
See Step # 2 in Method One above for directions .	3	1
I specially did n't say anything about the colour because I did n't want to muddle you up .	9	4
The Salt and Verde Rivers of central Arizona were exploited for large-scale agriculture by Native Americans as early as the 11th century .	19	2
Other anti-establishment candidates elected in this district were localist camp 's Cheng Chung-tai of Civic Passion , pan-democracy camp 's Kwok Ka-ki and Andrew Wan of respectively Civic Party and the Democratic Party .	4	1
The anger has spread throughout the Muslim world , including Iraq .	4	5
It is a daily routine to hear the same leader making opposite statements in Arabic to his people and in English to the rest of the world .	14	3
okay , I do nt have a review , but why in the hell would you name your business something that has the initials KKK .... is there something behind the scenes at this place ?	13	2
An XML schema file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document , providing a series of element names , as well as which elements are allowed in the document and in what combinations .	4	1
" Wei has given some virtuoso performances with brush and ink , often incorporating several different techniques into a single work , " said Gordon S. Barrass , curator of the exhibition .	30	2
Today , European leaders are indulging in triumphalism , viewing the current economic reprieve as a validation of failed transnational governance structures .	15	1
In 2001 , according to Indian army officials , security forces launched a wide - ranging operation in the 300 - some inhabited islands neighboring Andaman and Nicobar , and found huge caches of arms .	18	2
Well , the Structural Funds have helped to apply a brake to this process .	6	3
The reason for it is because people were fighting for our land , either defending it or extending it , because that was the main source .	20	4
The hymn was sung at my first inaugural church service as governor .	9	4
Here 's a great vegan cupcake recipe to use as a base for whatever flavored icing you want to add to it .	19	2
Why ?	0	2
If part of the public supports it , others tolerate it , many are afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood , organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism .	25	4
During his service , Bush received high marks as a pilot .	10	3
She may be the reason for all the change .	2	1
" I wonder if he 's praying for you . "	6	4
I have written a lot recently about healing the self so today here are a few words on healing our collective body , mind and soul .	4	2
The mycelium infuses all landscapes , it holds soils together , it 's extremely tenacious .	1	4
Few records of Shakespeare 's private life survive , and there has been considerable speculation about such matters as his physical appearance , sexuality , religious beliefs , and whether the works attributed to him were written by others .	28	2
You can export tables , queries , and the data behind forms or reports from a Microsoft Access database ( .mdb ) as well as tables , views , stored produces , functions , and the data behind forms and reports from a Microsoft Access project ( .adp ) .	31	1
He shuffled athwart , keeping one eye ahead vigilantly .	2	4
You can change the caption of Group 1 to Fixed and Promotions 2 to Category in the Properties dialog box .	8	1
Posted by Anthony Beavers to Cognitive Science News at 8/28/2005 07:18:20 AM	5	5
You never know whom you have asked to your palace .	4	2
Google has finally had an analyst day -- a chance to present the company 's story to the ( miniscule number of ) people who have n't heard it .	14	1
Above all , we need a total absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three circles of evil .	18	4
He achieved some fame as an architect by redesigning the City Hall in New York for the First Congress of the United States ( See : Federal Hall ) .	29	1
The following illustration shows how the row area will look with nested custom groups .	14	1
These are not very popular due to the often remote and roadless locations .	7	2
This man had verily accomplished something .	0	2
Although Balzac was a supporter of the crown , Balzac paints the counter - revolutionaries in a sympathetic light - even though they are the center of the book 's most brutal scenes .	1	3
I started collecting animations & jokes just to help with my boredom and depression .	11	4
Often overshadowed by San Francisco , its larger neighbor lying directly to the west , Oakland has in recent years began to step out from under the shadows , playing upon the beautiful highlights of its own and its rise as the multicultural " hipster ' city of the Bay Area .	50	2
Writers will occasionally write their own headlines , but we come up with a list of 15 or 20 headline ideas , what we think will make a good story and then we assign it based upon what people ’s writing strengths are .	2	6
But the bigger problem is that Ukraine does not really need a massive loan from the IMF .	12	4
Give them a try !	0	2
Me and my family are moving into a new house just outside a small town .	14	2
I had sonic in many other palces but for some reason this sonic is always just covered in grease and not good ... :(	21	2
Perfect Location plus	1	4
There had been so many delays already that he did not know who was dead and who was alive , and how they got on – and so on , and so on .	16	2
The contaminants not only attack the undeveloped lungs of the little ones ; they can also lead to long - term impairment in the development of the adolescent brain .	13	2
try for a large body of water if you are confident your companion can save you from drowning .	1	2
At one point they told me the dog had been fixed , the next day it had n't .	12	2
In my opinion , far too many people are at university studying worthless degrees .	14	1
I sent this to Mary last week .	7	1
Save yourself the trouble , money and time and visit a more caring facility / doctor .	5	3
At the age of six , I myself wore a tallith katan , or scapular , under my shirt , only mine was a scrap of green calico print , whereas theirs are white linen .	33	3
The last two are considered her best work .	8	1
Note that you are not required to link either a CSS file or an XSL style sheet to an XML document in order for Internet Explorer 5 ( and later versions ) to display the document .	17	1
Some critics consider Balzac 's writing exemplary of naturalism - a more pessimistic and analytical form of realism , which seeks to explain human behavior as intrinsically linked with the environment .	26	6
Now it is remarkable in the light of history , the history of the past century , Germany alone had virtually destroyed Russia , twice , and Germany backed by a hostile military alliance , centered in the most phenomenal military power in history , that ’s a real threat .	0	2
Users with an Office 2002 license can also create , design , and modify components in a design environment such as Microsoft FrontPage or Microsoft Access .	13	3
" There is always the possibility they could jam us up , make us look like we are not numero uno , " Pike said .	14	2
A cross-sectional survey of 1709 schoolchildren - aged 8 – 10 years , from 88 schools - was carried out in New South Wales , Victoria , South Australia , Western Australia and Queensland , between July 2003 and December 2004 .	38	2
The day before the outbreak of World War II , Łódź was inhabited by approximately 672,000 people , among whom 35 % were of Jewish faith and some 15 % were ethnic German .	24	3
This Treaty shall enter into force on 1 January 2007 provided that all the instruments of ratification have been deposited before that date .	10	4
The next time you feel like being condescending to someone , it is not going to be me !!!!!!	1	2
Insights from Eye-Tracking	2	6
" The problem is not with the Palestinian resistance groups but with Israel 's scheme to destroy the Palestinians ' infrastructure , " Habib said .	25	1
took a bit of searching to discover that POP is probably PoP - plaster of Paris and yes plaster of Paris will slow way down if it is not exposed to air - in fact , if you are building up plaster ( " the way you would icing " ) to do sculpting , which is rather uncommon , you keep the set plaster damp in order to add more unset plaster or you have to wet the area where you will be adding plaster " mud "	47	3
Tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between India and Sri Lanka would encourage Sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process	11	3
Puerto Rico CPI only ( I need historical inflation data , as well )	2	2
There are a couple decent people working there , but the rest are VERY dishonest , as well as rude , I have yet to hear the truth come out of their mouths .	9	2
$ 15 m - Amount of a contract awarded to an American firm to build a cement factory in Iraq .	10	1
Not sure if I am going to buy 17 " or 16 " wheels for the winter .	5	3
CONTACT William McGinnis ( Rev. Bill McGinnis ) 1908 Mt Vernon Ave # 2543 Alexandria , VA 22301 7037686710 bmc...@patriot.net	11	2
In one of the worst accidents to have occurred recently , the goods being transported were not dangerous in themselves .	15	2
Thais are a polite people and , while remarkably tolerant of foreigners gallivanting on their beaches and with their women , you ll find that you will get more respect if you in turn treat them and their customs with respect .	17	2
Those who show up and complain , but are not participating in the working groups and the daily Ercot phone calls , board meetings , etc. are ignored .	22	3
Experiment with the flavors of either recipe by replacing the vanilla extract with fragrant ingredients like neroli orange oil , rosewater , orange blossom water or coconut extract .	27	4
I blinked , the path was steep .	4	2
Downtown streets were originally platted parallel to the Frisco railroad tracks .	6	1
( Karachi is in the south ) .	6	1
The statement said , " We direct an appeal at the men in the Iraqi forces , whether national guards or others , the majority of whom are Muslim , calling upon them to refrain for commiting this enormous sin under the banner of forces that do not respect our religion or any principles of basic humanity , and we ask them to view this war as illegal . "	66	1
All you need to do is place your favorite combination of Skittles candies into a glass or bottle of vodka and wait for it to infuse .	8	4
As neither Dudley nor the hedge was in any way hurt , Aunt Petunia knew he had n't really done magic , but he still had to duck as she aimed a heavy blow at his head with the soapy frying pan .	37	2
Some countries are more active in organising events , with Italy representing over 21 % of the total number of activities .	1	5
It is easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sings : " I 've got a feeling , a feeling I ca n't hide ... " in front of Yoko in the film .	22	1
Watch as the chemical compound creates a colorful glow .	2	2
Attn. GCP_London :	1	5
According to Yonhap news agency , quoting North Korea 's main news agency Korean Central News Agency ( KCNA ) , the country 's military has been placed on high alert and has been told to prepare a " quasi-state of war " .	28	1
Youth would be an ideal state if it came a little later in life .	10	3
I will be calling tropics for my companie s next event !	6	1
If I wait , would the tours I find there for less money be the same quality type tours ?	5	2
Books were stacked three deep on the mantelpiece , books with titles like Charm Your Own Cheese , Enchantment in Baking , and One Minute Feasts – It 's Magic !	19	1
Although , I do n't think that scary movies will affect pets for a long time ; I am sure they 'll forget sometime -- or am I wrong ?	1	1
the circularisation of Barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off and substantiation analysis	12	2
Fish tacos are my fave simple and filling Highly recommend Mi Pueblo .	2	2
I wonder how much use could be made of a radio classroom in country schools , whether it could n't help considerably to ease the shortage of teachers , here , and maintain some sort of standard where teachers are perhaps not very well qualified .	39	2
Also , I purchased some furniture last year and all has been great !	13	1
unable to attend at that time due to a prior appointment , I can meet with you individually later some time	4	2
No question would reveal anything independently of all the questions together --	5	6
So just for the record , here , in full , is what Bush did :	7	1
select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail above	5	1
Getting out of the narrow confines of the pipeline simulation industry would be a plus .	8	4
And that flow , that flow of life , from the very base up to the very top , is the flow that ecologists see .	22	2
and then it was morning and Festus 's assistant was at the door with the early tea .	13	2
I was extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it , but the sales guy I dealt with ruined the deal .	9	3
An old wooden street sign hanging over a shop selling poisonous candles told him he was in Knockturn Alley .	0	1
The inner group level contains fields from the OrderDetails table and a calculated control named Value .	11	1
You can try Club Med , 0590854950 fax : 0590854959 ( for instance , others resort may propose this formula too ) for a one day all inclusive ( breakfast , buffet , bars , drinks , beach volley , windsurf , boat , gym , dance courses ... ) for about € 46 , so it may be a good deal ( as it costs € 7 one hour of windsurf ) .	4	2
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .	19	2
My boyfriend has one and when she 's hungry she attacks the pinkie right away .	12	3
Facebook is a free site and will never require that you pay to continue using the site .	5	2
John looks too much the writer slight in person , delicate to be a chief engineer .	7	1
In addition , we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer .	22	3
Electromagnetic fields and their effect on people are subjects that have come up for debate with increasing frequency in recent years .	19	3
The proposed period for extension is six years and the reference amount unchanged at one million euro per year .	4	5
He could n't very well offer a work of the imagination to do that , could he ?	5	3
I look forward to hearing from you .	7	1
( not church morality , no that is phoney , love thy neighbor ... hell no , kill thy neighbor - now that is REAL MORALITY ????? )	6	2
I had a couple of hickies on my neck the day after and the guys all wanted to know if those were shuttle burns .	3	3
They had started two days before in a sudden hurry up the river with the manager on board , in charge of some volunteer skipper , and before they had been out three hours they tore the bottom out of her on stones , and she sank near the south bank .	45	2
Also , he loves teaching so much , his price is unbeatable , but that does not change his level of skill .	13	2
The American - Arab Discrimination Committee is suing Condoleeza Rice and Donald Rumsfeld , charging that they mismanaged the evacuation efforts .	15	2
Joe asked that you fax the revised gtee wording that has been agreed ( I believe it was our agreeing to reduce the claim period from 15 days down to 5 ) and the new l/c wording ( drops the 2 day period to replace an l/c with a different bank if the first refuses to pay ) .	6	4
Out of that cost , thirty - six billion dollars ( $ 36,000,000,000 ) were supplied by King Hussein , Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and other Persian Gulf monarchies , and sixteen billion dollars ( $ 16,000,000,000 ) by German and Japanese partners .	8	4
This means the experimenter does n't know which ants belong to which treatment , so it 's impossible to influence the results with ' observer bias ' .	0	2
i use UTH's on all of my burrowing snakes .	8	3
Flames glided in the river , small green flames , red flames , white flames , pursuing , overtaking , joining , crossing each other – then separating slowly or hastily .	9	1
Eon ’s fixed rate tariff costs £ 760 and Avro Energy customers would pay around £ 760 for its Simple and Select tariff .	21	3
After all , in a world of solid farmers , useful craftsmen , dissolute aristocrats , and flunkies , demand for manufactured items and flunkies was limited by how much of each aristocrats could use .	32	6
love TO HAVE YOU ALONG FOR THE COMPANY , BUT IT IS NOT NECESSARY .	6	2
03/27/2001 09:11 AM	0	5
Adding all the Enron " Specified Entities " would only make a default under a financial transaction with those other Enron entities a default under this agreement .	22	1
No written contemporary description of Shakespeare 's physical appearance survives , and no evidence suggests that he ever commissioned a portrait , so the Droeshout engraving , which Ben Jonson approved of as a good likeness , and his Stratford monument provide the best evidence of his appearance .	9	4
The Dutch students have yet to decide if they will be commercializing their electric motorcycle .	10	1
And China relied heavily on the US dollar to anchor its undervalued currency , allowing it to boost its export competitiveness .	18	2
Pioneers take a pledge to remain tee - total and at the hight of the organization popularity , had an estimated two million members even filling Croke Park on the 25th anniversary .	20	5
He gave no service to anyone , risked nothing , and did not even slack off efficiently .	17	1
Hopefully , if we 're still dating come December , you and Chuck can meet him when you come back to visit .	9	1
It s simply not just a case of avoiding pork , alcohol and only being allowed to eat halal prepared meat , but the kitchen and its utensils should not have been used for prohibited foods .	19	4
Kathryn Waters , director of the gallery , expressed interest in further donations from the foundation in the future .	18	3
I remember one of our ads that I had put in said , " If you think nice girls do n't do S&M , " -- I forgot what the rest of it said --	34	1
This is the year you 're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world , as expansion is the theme .	13	3
or , as i saw on embarrassing pets on tv , get a clicker type thing and treats as well .	1	1
At the moment , Germany has a massive surplus in its balance of trade with the rest of the Union , something like 25 billion .	25	1
now i will have really straight teeth .	3	2
We were in Springfield , IL for a family funeral from Kansas City .	1	2
when it came to the joinery she knew we could fix that later .	4	2
China 's strong hand in this even extends to the diplomatic realm ; China is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council , and could veto any actions against Iran proposed by the United States .	21	4
We had a larger black population in the 70s than we have now but they did not have any power until Willie Brown was elected .	23	2
To unsubscribe ( or subscribe if this message was forwarded to you ) go to : http://www.bbc.co.uk/email	16	6
Sure Google , although this would put it on coarse for global domination of the internet by 2014 .	12	5
The ARVN was not having a big problem with the Local VC ( the guerilla movement ) , they were being challenged by the Main Force VC ( which was light infantry ) and the North Vietnamese Army ( NVA ) .	32	1
The Liberal Democrats , who represented the affluent suburb until 2010 , are hoping to snatch it back with their candidate Sarah Olney .	9	3
A fast service , saved a bad situation getting a lot worse .	4	3
Birds are hard to gain trust with , but it 's lost so easily !	4	2
Things had happened too quickly , and he had taken it for granted that he could fill in for Paul Auster .	18	2
Yeah , I think Jeff wrote on one of his posts here in the past several months : " To hell with death " .	4	2
he told me he was going to be the first African at the bar here .	10	4
Another time I 'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where " Mommies " get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason .	11	5
1831 saw the success of La Peau De Chagrin ( The Wild Ass 's Skin or The Magic skin ) , a fable - like tale about a despondent young man named Raphaël De Valentin who finds an animal skin which promises great power and wealth .	11	2
2 - Percentage of the world 's population that is British .	10	4
actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	8	1
COMMUNICATION FROM THE COMMISSION TO THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND TO THE COUNCIL concerning the implementation and continuation of the Pericles programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting .	10	2
The death rate in these dolphins , for the first calf born of every female dolphin , is 60 to 80 percent .	6	1
I CAN NOT afford to treat whatever is wrong with him .	7	1
In the past , he has talked in apocalyptic terms about a violent end to the world , according to former members .	7	1
I ran across this item on the Internet .	4	2
Retail and wholesale businesses expanded as shoppers remained upbeat , and consumer services companies also grew .	5	1
In 1987 , economist Robert Solow – awarded the Nobel Prize for his pioneering work on growth – lamented that " You can see the computer age everywhere but in the productivity statistics .	23	2
Had it fixed within a few days ( had to order a part ) .	8	2
provided , however that any such election will not serve to withdraw this License ( or any other license that has been , or is required to be , granted under the terms of this License ) , and this License will continue in full force and effect unless terminated as stated above .	43	1
Soliloquies had been used mainly to convey information about characters or events ;	1	2
He was wounded at the Siege of Savannah on October 9 , 1779 .	5	3
Get masking tape or packing tape and tape screws and other little things that came out of something back against it .	8	3
It s a Reel and i have danced to it before ..	7	3
A full reconciliation of intercompany accounts	2	6
Fresleven – that was the fellow 's name , a Dane – thought himself wronged somehow in the bargain , so he went ashore and started to hammer the chief of the village with a stick .	14	4
Ca n't wait to go back !!!	5	2
Paul admitted that he made Linda suffer a lot , but he did n't say that it was because he felt insecure as a man due to his womanish face and effeminate manners and also because with his age his sexual power was not the same , even though it has never been much .	22	1
The real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in B2B marketplaces .?	18	3
I 'm Paul Auster , said the man .	8	1
Either create a link between the page and a connection file by setting the ConnectionFile property , or edit the ConnectionString property .	13	2
they use them to look prickly .. would you try to eat a cactus [ if u had no knife ] i know i would nt .	22	2
While India is ready to enter into a " defense cooperation agreement " with Sri Lanka , it is wary of being drawn into any military involvement in the island nation 's two decades - old civil war that has seen violent strife between ethnic Tamils and the Sinhalese majority - leaving over 60,000 dead on both sides .	34	1
i tried to say i was n't that drunk but z was n't having any of that conversation .	16	2
I launched LibriVox , emailed some friends and some podcasters who where doing literary stuff , and invited them to record a chapter of Joseph Conrad 's Secret Agent .	13	4
If you move the line downward , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line below remains constant , and the perpendicular line above the moving line lengthens .	2	2
Robinson said the filing - granted two hours after the request - helped rather than hurt Californians .	0	4
Mr. Kabata said , What 's the matter with these people . Excuse me , I 'll get a boy , and returned with the cases on the head of one of the stringy , splay-footed peasants who had always constituted the portering personnel .	32	2
If you are located in London , Calgary , Toronto , Omaha , New York , Portland ( ENA ) or Houston , you can access the live event at http://home.enron.com/employeemeeting .	22	1
Compounding this is the well - based suspicion that Syria has perhaps the most advanced chemical weapons capability in the Persian Gulf .	14	4
Scatter the seeds .	3	1
Repeat the above two steps for all bottles , ensuring that everything is cleaned between uses to prevent color contamination .	17	4
It is neither desirable nor feasible for China to return to the trajectory of 10 % annual growth that it achieved in the three decades after 1980 .	8	1
You can set the color and width of borders of controls .	6	3
cats react to the treatment they receive , they are not toys .	0	2
Dr. Fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the Soper River .	3	2
WASHINGTON , DC – The International Monetary Fund is an immensely useful organization , able to deliver substantial amounts of financial and technical assistance at short notice to almost any place in the world .	30	3
I would say if he does not call you back by friday call him again he could be playing hard to get ?	21	2
Disney cruises offer 24 - hour room services , and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like .	11	3
I have a 10 gallon nano reef with 10 lbs of live fiji rock , and 10 lbs of live carribean sand .	8	1
Living out of synch with nature is the great disease , from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness .	20	1
This article , and specifically this piece , effected me enough to try to build a song around the topic .	11	1
They had sailed from Deptford , from Greenwich , from Erith – the adventurers and the settlers ; kings ' ships and the ships of men on Change ; captains , admirals , the dark " interlopers " of the Eastern trade , and the commissioned " generals " of East India fleets .	52	3
Given the volume of content this represents , it is easy to forget that the television series itself is an adaptation of a book series with a pre-existing fandom .	15	5
The Sunburn is also superior to the Exocet missile .	8	4
He paused to examine a long coil of hangman 's rope and to read , smirking , the card propped on a magnificent necklace of opals :	20	1
37 - Death toll of US soldiers in Iraq in May 2003 , the month combat operations " officially " ended .	18	5
they had contributed to the arrangements for this party .	6	2
If you want a CD copy of this web site , give me a yell .	3	1
Dando refilled the brandy glasses again .	3	3
Or maybe not .	0	1
G5 found success setting up a series of Facebook Advert campaigns targeted to college students at 21 campuses prior to summer break for Storquest self service storage facilities .	17	4
Leaving aside the fact that this views conflicts with other historical examples in the region , Sunnis have never offered an alternative choice , which eventually leads one to guess that the opinion held by the Fallujan taxi driver above is precisely what they are planning to implement .	5	2
The minute the land was replaced by science , what is there to fight about ?	3	2
What became known as the palace coup began on Oct. 26 when ISO board members voted for severe restrictions on the amount of money electricity producers could charge for power .	2	3
Al - Zaman : The Iraqi High Electoral Commission on Friday denied a request of the Debaathification Commission to exclude 51 individuals from running on party lists in the Dec. 15 elections on grounds of having been sufficiently involved in Baath activities to warrant their being excluded from civil office .	40	3
I am making a christmas list for my parents and i was going to ask for a bird and these are the affordable ones that i like , and i was wondering : which would not bite alot , and which are more fun to have as pets AND I NEED TO KNOW WHICH WOULD BE QUIETEST i honestly do nt care but my family does !	64	3
The Pioneers was an organization started at the end of the 19th century which pushed and supported the ideal of temperance ( abstaining from alcohol ) , in an attempt to deal with the massive issue of alcoholism that Ireland was gripped by .	22	5
Busy-minded people , with their head-culture that touches all surfaces , have heard of Einstein .	10	1
Was it some kind of literary thing you wanted to talk about ? Auster began .	5	4
We will be targeting to raise at least $ 100,000 so company contributions will range from $ 10,000 - $ 20,000 per person ( $ 10 k minimum per person ) depending on the number of respondents .	7	3
That 's not what we need in our country , folks .	0	2
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed , the price was Non-Bondad .	6	3
Last year she came up to me during one of the games late in the season ; she was so happy we were going to the post season .	16	1
Yes , we should add compliance with OTC Derivatives and / or Commodity Contracts and Qualified Party requirements of the Securities Act ( Alberta ) , Securities Act ( British Columbia ) and Securities Act ( Ontario ) .	35	1
Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and in particular they do not touch women or take things from women 's hands .	14	2
The media routinely obscures the lines between terrorism and legitimate resistance , as the recent article by Daniel Okrent of The New York Times demonstrates .	4	2
— Peres , on whether the Arab states ' oil wealth will eclipse Israel 's prominence in the region .	4	4
You can find fodder lots of places — from your life , joke files online , by repurposing jokes you ’ve heard in the past , and so on .	17	6
Although I am sure that being there would enhance my understanding of the animals and the system in which they live , and would help me formulate more and better questions about the anemones , ship time is expensive , especially in Antarctica , and if there are biologists whose contribution is predicated on being there , they should have priority to be there .	48	5
Afraid I can not be more helpful , it is really a case of pot luck , although as the weather is so changeable often a cold wet morning will turn into a lovely warm sunny afternoon and evening or visa versa .	28	4
I have spoken with Mark Lay and he is interested .	10	1
However , I would ask you , in accordance with the line which is now constantly followed by the European Parliament and by the whole of the European Community , to make representations , using the weight of your prestigious office and the institution you represent , to the President and to the Governor of Texas , Mr Bush , who has the power to order a stay of execution and to reprieve the condemned person .	49	5
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	8	1
A taller horse does n't always mean a horse you ca n't handle .	4	2
After your initial greeting and exchange of pleasantries , you 'll probably want to ask how the person 's doing ( just like you might in the real world ) .	12	2
The inner circles can and must be destroyed by force .	10	1
Shucks , guess none of us three paid much attention to that .	4	1
By the time a man is wise enough to watch his step , he 's too old to go anywhere .	12	1
Dobby might have saved Harry from horrible happenings at Hogwarts , but the way things were going , he 'd probably starve to death anyway .	1	3
Some schools may have students wear the same thing and others may just require any type of leotard and tights and sometimes ballet skirts .	9	2
I also like the freedom in mathematics .	0	1
The technology that Frank and his colleagues are using to explore the ice is so important because , given our lack of data , we have no reasonable expectation of what it should be like , or what it should n't be like .	40	2
Like The Two Gentlemen of Verona , in which two friends appear to approve of rape , the Shrew 's story of the taming of a woman 's independent spirit by a man sometimes troubles modern critics and directors .	23	3
He could n't say how long it had been .	8	2
Zacarias Moussaoui , never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable , has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants " anthrax for Jew sympathizer only . "	26	1
The Saudi regime , of course , will be the next victim of major terror , when the inner circle will explode into the outer circle .	19	3
You company and services will be recommended by us to everyone . "	4	2
The American firm of Booz , Allen &amp; Hamilton lent one of its specialists , Miles Copeland by name , to the State Department , where he was in 1955 a member of a group called the Middle East Policy Planning Committee , the main purpose of which was , in his own words , " to work out ways of taking advantage of the friendship which was developing between ourselves and Nasser . "	61	3
i was just going to sleep anyway .	4	1
KENNEDY filed an opinion concurring in part , in which SOUTER , GINSBURG , and BREYER joined as to Parts I and II .	10	3
Now , of course , there 's a new building , with presumably better facilities .	2	1
This has been an ongoing concern for the five years that I have been a Member of this Parliament , and I have raised the issue time and time again .	26	2
My name is Bill Gottlieb :	5	1
4 - Rank of the United States among countries considered to be the greatest threats to world peace according to a 2003 Pew Global Attitudes study ( Israel , Iran , and North Korea were considered more dangerous ; Iraq was considered less dangerous ) .	39	2
Mishima espoused a very individual brand of nationalism towards the end of his life .	12	2
Amendment No-6 makes more radical changes to the guideline maps , adding new links and creating new categories of ports .	7	2
However US military officers say regular army officers - many of them Pashtun - leading units of the Frontier Corps who are on the border remain deeply sympathetic to the Taliban and the mullahs of the JUI .	19	3
not that they ever made an effort .	4	2
This place had the worst tasting pizza I have ever tasted it was possible the worst food I 've ever eaten .	5	4
We shall proceed to vote on the PPE - DE Group 's request that the oral question regarding the capital tax be withdrawn from the agenda .	3	1
Get in	1	1
We had the ants in an observation nest , and I could just look at them for hours , watching them go about .	21	1
In the background , shining , is Renata , who is young and healthy and good , raising her arm to show her grandmother that the chip is nothing , nothing at all .	18	2
If you would be so kind , could you possibly let me know of your status over the next couple of days ?	20	1
Or background stands	1	5
Perhaps we should look at the death metal phenomenon less as an invitation to violence than as a couter-cultural response to the over hypocrisy of a large percentage of the ' Church - Morality ' crowd , which gives a lot of lip service to loving thy neighbor , but does n't apply that love very far beyond their own congregation .	18	6
I also realize that some may not have done any works on paper or they are outrageously expensive .	16	6
Imagine the growing regrets , the longing to escape , the powerless disgust , the surrender , the hate .	5	2
I understand third party candidates have no success .	0	1
And so Congress and the Supreme Court become mere advisors to the President , with no real authority over him .	13	1
Marvel Consultants , Inc. 28601 Chagrin Blvd. Cleveland , Ohio 44122 USA Email : recruiters@marvelconsultants.com < mailto:recruiters@marvelconsultants.com > Phone : 216-292-2855 Fax : 216-292-7207	21	2
Overall , I was very happy with the customer service and my purchase .	6	2
Mr President , on numerous occasions in the past I have disagreed with the rapporteur on her approach to regional policy issues .	2	1
Just because Al Qaeda likes its truck bombs and the like to be effective does not mean they do not see the value in a deadly missive .	23	1
If an engagement with Iran envelops our forces in Iraq , and comes to involve Syria , our economy will likely shatter under the strain of fighting so many countries simultaneously .	29	5
Will they take it as an opportunity to educate viewers about disability and diversity while showing superb athletic performances without engaging in a discourse of pity ?	4	1
Putin 's gambit is akin to the infamous Yalta Conference in 1945 , where Joseph Stalin made Winston Churchill and Franklin D. Roosevelt complicit in a division of Europe that enslaved half of the continent for almost a half - century .	39	1
For fifteen years the Soviet Union has been supporting the Arabs against Israel in the Middle East and all they have to show for it is the humiliation of their proteges and the capture and destruction of their equipment by Israel .	9	2
For those who care , a good proportion of the my class went on to 4 - year colleges , many of them ranked in the top 50 of US News .	13	1
At that time , one in three visits to the site came from BBC News , and the website increased to number 3 in the company Hitwise UK 's Lifestyle-Religion category .	19	5
What if he brought the whole Lambala-speaking crowd out in a boycott , with all the old beatingsup at the polls , hut burnings – you think I would n't find myself the one to put Shinza inside , this time ?	39	2
The new management is tricky and talk you into getting video rental agreement .	2	5
I hav n't heard of it .	2	2
I read somewhere that you have to hold his mouth together , and keep it that way til he panics .	16	2
The Jewish marriage living to the right of George 's house said that he is an arrogant person who does never return a greeting .	8	3
Thus the " twisted " area down-town represents the original extent of Tulsa ca 1907 .	5	2
very reasonable prices .	2	3
Then , this month , it said that it opposed moves to refer Iran 's nuclear stand - off with the International Atomic Energy Agency to the United Nations Security Council .	6	2
The ingredients are shaken and/or poured into a cocktail glass .	7	1
You 'd need their Apple ID and password , if you had that then yes you can track any iPhone .	19	3
Tom Byargeon , Kevin Miller and Ken Loch in ENA are working with producers in the US involved in deep water offshore Louisiana / Texas oil and gas drilling projects .	14	1
At the moment if you move overseas you can only come back to New Zealand for a short amount of time before they 'll force you cough up .	21	3
* 4 . The fourth element of the current world conflict is the total breaking of all laws . *	10	4
This French born , French trained chef and his creative partners offer a taste fresh , locally sourced , fabulously prepared food in the most unlikely of locations .	25	4
There was silence and then he heard that there were voices in the silence droning somewhere , breaking off for breath , laughing – not softly , but softened by being almost out of earshot .	7	2
NASA is looking to private companies to launch both supplies and astronauts to the International Space Station , it announced this week .	2	4
But in these days of armored attacks on Yom Kippur , of Vietnams , Watergates , Mansons , Amins , terrorist massacres at Olympic Games , what are illuminated manuscripts , what are masterpieces of wrought iron , what are holy places ?	5	4
I think just living in a house with so many girls is making him go crazy ?	1	3
Rebecca Edwards had just told Neil Bayley that Felix Pasilis , the Pettigrews ' Greek friend , was furious with her because she 'd forgotten some essential herb that he wanted for his sheep ...	6	3
11/29/2000 09:52 AM	0	5
In the message , the former Minister for Justice accused Brice Hortefeux of being a ' fascist ' , ' Minister ( moron ) of the Interior ' and a ' thug ' .	26	4
It also gives the house a lovely smell , and is not toxic , unlike many synthetic chemical treatments .	13	1
- The programme should continue for a further 4 years at least with the same budget ( 1 million euro per year ) and with the same measures and target groups .	20	2
The effect of being Paul Auster , he had begun to learn , was not altogether unpleasant .	16	5
The receptionist of " Hand made " , the former film making company of George Harrison said : " we do n't have any relation with that man anymore and we do n't want to know anything about him " .	39	1
Money is , money and power and cold - blooded murderous incitement , nothing else .	10	5
Its adoption was an act of economic hubris that has imposed costs well beyond Europe 's borders .	8	2
But then , even to talk of an " administration " may be misdirection at this point , given how little representative government means in the United States these days , and how much of " national security " has been privatized into a global gangland of drugs and guns .	39	2
Would anybody have let you in for nothing ?	8	1
A Health Care Proxy is not written in stone and can be changed .	13	1
The call in number is 800.713.8600 .	2	1
Well , sure enough , when I heard the cats " Meowing , " I imagined the hellish moments these poor beautiful creatures of God were living , what went on in their tiny , sweet little minds , and decided that I want to do something about this torture .	50	1
But if you like going to the movies , you should love Bowtie .	7	3
The smell is simply too intense for rodents and they will not try to go near it .	9	2
Pericles , the Community programme for exchange , assistance and training in the protection of the euro against counterfeiting , was established by Council Decision of 17 December 2001 ( 2001 / 923 / EC ) and is designed to support and supplement the measures undertaken by the Member States and in existing programmes to protect the euro against counterfeiting .	30	2
Like his father , he added the aristocratic - sounding particle to help him fit into respected society , but it was a choice based on skill , not birthright .	7	6
Instead of writing " Silver Service - Fragile " you should write something that makes it sound less theft inviting while showing the fragile nature of the contents .	15	1
Off season is good , however , the Disney cruises are almost ALWAYS completely booked .	7	2
I had to dig in a bag to find one nice feather , what a joke !	1	2
Sciences - principally biology but also chemistry .	2	6
Sections 1 , 2 , 5 , 6 , 7 , and 8 will survive any termination of this License .	17	1
We visited on 7/26/08 for dinner We received a gift certificate for the Mama Mia 's on Greenfield Ave .	11	2
I tried two years ago to initiate a pilot scheme to send local people away for training in broadcasting techniques –	20	1
They either : a ) do n't want to give it to me because they do n't want me purchasing the dress elsewhere or b ) are recreating the dresses themselves ( ie STEALING other designers ' dress designs and " filling the orders " by their own seamstresses ) .	43	3
I 'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY .	8	1
The amazing thing is that all of these crooks demand protection under international law , and define all those who attack them as " war criminals , " with some Western media repeating the allegations .	7	3
You are the only one auto glass repair shop in the area I would count on .	8	2
In Macbeth , the shortest and most compressed of Shakespeare 's tragedies , uncontrollable ambition incites Macbeth and his wife , Lady Macbeth , to murder the rightful king and usurp the throne , until their own guilt destroys them in turn .	29	2
I went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000 etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info it s greatly appreciated .	13	2
What sort of Hotel could I expect to find in New Delhi / Agra / Varanasi for rs 500 per night ?	15	4
According to a report prepared by a committee of Arab intellectuals and published under the auspices of the U.N. , the number of books translated by the entire Arab world is much smaller than what little Greece alone translates .	23	3
She is a creme tabby and I 've had her for over 2 years now .	0	2
The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .	20	2
However , paying people to write and edit articles ultimately means that you have to make one of two sacrifices .	10	3
The decision to sidestep the obvious to satisfy the need to avoid confrontation does not bring peace , but only delays the eventual conflict as the predators of Hamas and Hezbollah exploit the inherent weakness of the internationals and the media .	30	5
Did you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @ 2.975 ?	17	1
That demand also led to the production of several fake portraits , as well as mis - attributions , repaintings and relabelling of portraits of other people .	12	1
October 26 / 27 , hope to be vacation time .	4	1
We are currently moving to a new server , so we will be down for a while .	13	2
You have heard , of course , that the Ministry is conducting more raids , said Mr Malfoy , taking a roll of parchment from his inside pocket and unravelling it for Mr Borgin to read .	36	1
It did not occur to him , however , to consult his watch .	9	1
Date : Thu , 11 Mar 2004 02:39:27 - 0800	1	1
If his Democrat opponent were to be elected , he assured that she would be ' under investigation for years ' .	21	1
No use telling you much about that .	1	2
Note that when importing XML data , you can not choose a subset of the XML document ; the entire file has to be imported .	20	2
SOLAS ( Safety Of Life At Sea ) , which is an international maritime treaty , came about in response to the tragedy of the Titanic .	16	2
If these products are in short supply or of inferior quality , that will sound the death-knell for Europe .	16	6
She asked me to bring the original piece back and I told her I had to use it on the job .	21	1
With tears in her eyes she said , " Thank you , Mets Poet , thank you . "	18	1
Very friendly people offering a brilliant service .	3	4
Except for the limited purpose of indicating to the public that the Work is licensed under the CCPL , neither party will use the trademark " Creative Commons " or any related trademark or logo of Creative Commons without the prior written consent of Creative Commons .	42	4
If demand were to increase , so too would risk capital , regardless of whether the markets are fragmented or not .	18	5
As far as being treated like a drug seeker , that has not been my experience .	10	2
I look forward to working toward a mutually satisfactory agreement in this new and thorny area of e-commerce contracting .	11	2
Drink from me if you can ; wash , if you like ; trouble my waters if you dare .	12	1
If it becomes apparent that you cannot open either of your two parachutes , or that for some other reason they are fatally non-functional , then the following steps may be of some minor assistance .	21	2
A horn tooted to the right , and I saw the black people run . A heavy and dull detonation shook the ground , a puff of smoke came out of the cliff , and that was all .	25	2
We 'll show them how good we all are and well-meaning and generous and open-minded and evenhanded .	12	4
You will notice that Questar has requested a " Payment Plan " that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events .	13	4
To make a difference in America you must have the " Bully Pulpit " and speak to the People .	8	2
On the fifteenth day I came in sight of the big river again , and hobbled into the Central Station .	1	2
Creative Commons is not a party to this License , and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work .	5	3
Mr. Tedeschi also told the court that , over the last five months of her life , " Gloria 's eczema played a devastating role in her overall health and it is asserted by the Crown that both her parents knew this and discussed it with each other . "	21	3
They wear extremely loud shirts , blue-green sprigged with red berries , but they strike me as good fellows and are neat and nimble about the table .	17	2
We will continue to investigate potential misstatements in the system p&l , as a result of data or system valuation problems , within the month end reporting timeframe .	22	3
The problem is that in many EU Member States it has become the easy option with dire consequences for the environment .	8	3
2,500 - Number of public - diplomacy officers employed by the State Department to further the image of the US abroad in 1991 .	16	3
we started working with a few of our friends , and colleagues and whatnot .	12	2
Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto - Leite or me with any questions or comments .	3	4
When you go to another country , you live by their way of life and their laws , if you do n't like it , you know how to get back out the country ( but I guess our benefits system is too much to throw away , huh ) .	47	1
I interrupted him by saying I had heard of Mr. Kurtz on the coast .	2	2
The lunch specials are more food than most people can eat for about $ 6 .	6	2
He cleared the table of the breakfast dishes , tossed the newspaper on the couch , went into the bathroom , showered , shaved , went on to the bedroom wrapped in two towels , opened the closet and picked out his clothes for the day .	0	1
Second is there any way to sort of customize the places you wan na go to ?	11	2
View of the George Washington Bridge 's long span and Manhattan , as seen while looking east from Fort Lee Historic Park	14	3
1 . The short forms do not contain the optionality relating to our performing billing services -- all of our midmarket forms anticipate that we will act as customer 's billing agent and that we will collect all amounts due related to T&D and the like from the customer ( and reflect same on our invoice ) and pass those amounts on to the customer 's utility .	0	1
I 'm hearing some pretty depressing stuff from the people I know at ENE .	2	4
$ 680 m - Estimated value of Iraq reconstruction contracts awarded to Bechtel .	3	1
My Group believes that since a Parliament is meant to listen , debate and reflect , there can be no justification whatsoever for this delay and we believe that , if the Commission is ready to do so , we still have time to re-establish the original agreement between Parliament and the Commission and proceed in a manner which fulfils our duty to our fellow citizens .	24	3
A previous cyclone in 1999 in the Bay of Bengal area of India left 10,000 people dead .	15	3
On 3 November , NASA administrator Michael Griffin told the US house science committee that the agency expects to invest about $ 500 million in the commercial cargo and crew project over five years .	29	2
Should we find at any point that this is not the case , we will take the appropriate steps .	6	2
Harry stared from his purple-faced uncle to his pale aunt , who was trying to heave Dudley to his feet .	8	2
Arrogant people have an extremely strong need to look good .	9	2
Unlike an opossum , the chicken gives an unconvincing act , as it continues to blink and breathe in an obvious way . "	14	1
What are some fun things I could do while in Japan ?	5	1
Cervantes found the translation , had it rendered back into Spanish , and then published the book The Adventures of Don Quixote .	4	1
He got up and went over to the main house for a bath .	7	2
You all remember the Iraqi Minister of Information , Mr. Mouhamad Said al - Sahaf and his press conferences when the US forces were already inside Baghdad .	12	1
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon and have a nice day .	0	1
White space can be used throughout the document to enhance readability .	10	6
My mother says , “ Is it time to go ? ”	3	1
However , after giving a required $ 500.00 ( NON REFUNDABLE ) deposit before seeing any plans or ideas , I was sorry I did .	12	4
They stopped somewhere to give a man a lift ; he was caught in the lights , hat in hand ; only his clean white shirt had shown on the dark road .	13	1
I wonder how much use could be made of a radio classroom in country schools , whether it could n't help considerably to ease the shortage of teachers , here , and maintain some sort of standard where teachers are perhaps not very well qualified .	2	2
Her big British eyes are affronted and her bosom has risen with indignation .	12	6
Expect lots of surprises and lucky breaks this year , with Uranus bringing the unexpected in your career , your love life , and the world in general .	19	2
Heald said although temperature and ozone are separately known to impact crop yields , " nobody has looked at these together " .	3	6
Over the days that passed , Quinn noted a collapsible umbrella shorn of its material , the severed head of a rubber doll , a black glove , the bottom of a shattered light bulb , several pieces of printed matter ( sogged magazines , shredded newspapers ) , a torn photograph , anonymous machinery parts , and sundry other clumps of flotsam he could not identify .	61	1
do you think they are cool b/c of the taco bell dog ?	12	1
I am hopeful that we are ready to prepare execution copies .	5	2
Of course not . But I mean the book inside the book Cervantes wrote , the one he imagined he was writing .	3	1
Housing estates overrun villages all over England , but here the process had been reversed ; the house had once been a manor ( Olivia thought that , even earlier , it had been a priory ) but in the nineteenth century the village was depopulated by the drift to industrialized towns , lost its autonomy , and died ; the shop-cum-post-office had closed , the cottages had fallen down ;	28	2
1 ) G. Burrows 1 / 264 Tor St Toowoomba QLD 4350 Australia	1	1
Łódź ( Pronounced : Wootch ) is Poland 's third biggest city , and the capital of the Łódzkie Voivodship .	19	5
However , they were all waiting – all the sixteen or twenty pilgrims of them – for something ; and upon my word it did not seem an uncongenial occupation , from the way they took it , though the only thing that ever came to them was disease – as far as I could see .	14	2
" I wonder if he 's praying for you . "	10	1
John Suttle has OK'd Anthony 's latest request w / r. t. the CSA .	14	1
She talked about ' weaning those ignorant millions from their horrid ways ' , till , upon my word , she made me quite uncomfortable .	8	2
With President Karzai certain to win the elections and the demotion of key former Northern Alliance figures such as General Fahim and warlord Ismail Khan , there is now little reason for moderate Taliban leaders to fear reprisals from former Northern Alliance figures if they return home .	23	3
Many other people Bray had seen at the ball streamed in in their finery :	1	3
There 's nothing like it .	2	4
I have been extremely pleased with the signs and pop - up banners she has supplied to me over the years - a truly first class family business run by Tina and her husband Chris .	3	5
I do n't like to write to him – with those messengers of ours you never know who may get hold of your letter – at that Central Station .	20	2
We find our seats , two in a row of three , toward the rear of the aircraft .	1	2
Darrell Duffie mail GSB Stanford CA 94305-5015 USA phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffie@stanford.edu web http://www.stanford.edu/~duffie/	2	2
The Galileo and Ulysses spacecraft carried dust detectors onboard that Eberhard Gruen and his colleagues used to first detect and them measure the flux of interstellar dust particles streaming into the solar system .	25	6
( The rabbit hutch would have an opening only big enough for the rabbit , the chickens would not be able to get to the rabbit food ) Also , is it okay if the rabbit occasionally sneaks a few bites of chicken feed ?	0	1
I 'm getting a dwarf Hamster tomorrow And i was just talking to my Mom and she said that we have to take out the wheel at night because it would disturb her sleep But i told her no because i said thei r energetic at night at my room is right next door to hers But i heard their are wheels that do nt make noise at all what would be the price of it ?	0	1
There was not one ounce of caring involved and anyone I can warn about the complete lack of service will be warned .	18	4
Before Harry could move , Dobby had darted to the bedroom door , pulled it open – and sprinted down the stairs .	16	1
In June and July of 1973 , he accumulated 56 points , enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973 - 1974 year .	18	2
Several of her trademark themes appear ; for example , the triangular relationship among a lonely , beautiful , young woman who has lost her parents , a handsome man who has abandoned her ( and remains in the background ) , and a lonely and desperate ragamuffin who falls in love with her .	35	2
Originally from Slovenia , he served as the Director of Media and Communications of a WTA Tour event and was a member of the UNESCO Slovenian National Commission .	1	2
And also maybe try holding the rat in feeding prongs so your snake can get a good hold and grip on his prey .	0	2
I am now modelling the Queensland electricity spot price using Geometric Brownian Mean Reverting Jump Diffusion Model and have followed your paper " Making the most of mean reversion " to estimate the mean reversion speed .	5	5
Talk delivered by Haim Harari at a meeting of the International Advisory Board of a large multi-national corporation , April , 2004 :	16	6
The remodelling of some roads near bottleneck junctions to accommodate bicycle lanes has made traffic jams even worse still in recent years , and parking in the city centre is very expensive .	1	6
He went looking for his brother , George Whitman , after he a telegram telling him his brother was injured in the South .	23	1
As a yoga studio , I 'm sure you 're all aware that all actions generate karma …	3	3
Most of the tourists that I 've come across buy tours along the My Tho waterfront .	14	2
If you 're dead set on starting your own glowstick business ( worse ideas exist ) , try websites like Alfa Aesar [ 1 ] or Sigma Aldrich [ 2 ] for supplies .	9	5
I 've also sent over a number of friends to use the services here and everyone is extraordinarily pleased !	1	2
In fact you just do n't want to be involved in any arguments of any shape or form ...	0	1
Mr President , it is incumbent upon me to remind my colleague , Mr Evans , of why Wales actually achieved Objective 1 status .	9	3
An Iraq in which armed fundamentalist and nationalist militias proliferate is inevitably a security worry for Israel .	17	1
In the room they had decided upon for his study , the desk from her great-grandfather that had naturally become his – a quiet field of black-red morocco scratched with almost erased gold – was a place to write the properly documented history of the territory ( Mweta 's country ) that had never been done before ; not the boxwood Colonial Office desk at which one dealt with government forms and made the empirical scribbles of administration or politics .	17	2
A restaurant with this many patrons willing to stand in line just to order tacos must be good , right ?	20	1
In a few words ... I 'm pleasantly surprised that you can still find " old school " service out there where company care more about good name and customers than their pockets ...	9	2
Extensible Markup Language ( XML ) is the standard language for describing and delivering data on the Web , just as Hypertext Markup Language ( HTML ) is the standard language for creating and displaying Web pages .	23	4
What you get is a $ 13 / day charge to access the internet through a slow 512 / 512 kb / s that you can only use to check email etc ( Read : No downloading ) .	34	1
Place the quaffle and three bludgers in the middle of the field .	7	2
Should communism sweep Italy , would the Pope move to Jerusalem ?	9	1
Yet , this is no comparison to the advancements you 'll make overall , and by the end of 2005 , you 'll look back in sheer wonder and happiness .	10	2
But these chaps were not much account , really .	5	2
After a time of neglect , a time when we – like the rest of Europe – believed that the continent 's borders would never again be changed by force , we are also increasing our defense spending , despite our economy 's precarious state .	37	4
Andre is going to look over the list of curves needed for the global assets ( August Board meeting ) one more time before I forward it to you .	2	3
I did n't think I 'd be awarded one , but I received the Dux Litterarum award at high school , so my chances were probably better than I thought they were .	12	4
From the west , the A59 and the M62 provide connections from Liverpool and Manchester , and from the north the A1 and the A19 link York with Tyneside , Northumberland and south-eastern Scotland .	31	2
This tug - of - war over calculating economic values is the one that ultimately will have to be decided by humans , because animals and plants can adjust only so much .	26	3
I 'm very frustrated at this point - it would take all of 10 min for them to come by and replace the one board that is cracked ( the crack is deep enough to stick a penny in it and it goes clear through ) yet they do not want to take the time to bother with what once WAS a happy customer and has now become a dissatisfied customer .	54	2
He heard the sound of someone entering the room behind him .	8	2
I have a day stop - over in San Francisco and my wife want to see some of the key sites .	7	1
Any sort of pointed or caustic remarks about yourself or someone else do n't have a place in flirtatious conversations .	13	2
I 've been really worried and if Harry is all right , will you please let me know at once , but perhaps it would be better if you used a different owl , because I think another delivery might finish your one off .	2	2
Why do you think the Paralympic movement has so little visibility in the US compared to other countries like Australia , the United Kingdom and even Canada ?	19	5
When s/he responds , add your own comments or ask follow-up questions and proceed from there !	13	4
“ We ’ve requested other nations to help us populate the zoo with different species of animals , including a pig , ” Saqib said .	11	2
One of them is the Rest and Recuperation Program , wherein a child can come to the US for a few weeks in the summer .	3	1
I would suggest going for tribal Sheikhs rather than clerics , since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any Ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority .	11	3
Using 5 x 700 ml / 23.6 fl oz bottles , pour 300 ml / 10.1 fl oz of vodka into a jug and fill each bottle with skittles .	22	2
Sharon 's hard line has worked in tandem with Hamas 's terrorism to ratchet up tensions further and further , which spill over into the Muslim world and serve as a recruiting tool for al - Qaeda in its search for agents willing to hit the United States .	11	5
Police arrested and questioned the student .	0	3
The India Diaries	1	3
to be a mover and shaker , a shaper of destiny or perhaps , surrendering to fantasies of omnipotence , to be the nation-making American plenipotentiary , at work behind the scenes and playing confidently even with Bolshevik fire .	29	3
Virtually every credible analysis has Syria standing as the strongest military force in the Middle East after Israel .	5	3
From there his mind drifted off to the accounts he had read of Melville 's last years – the taciturn old man working in the New York customs house , with no readers , forgotten by everyone .	20	2
Madam President , in the earlier vote - and I will abide by your ruling on this matter - on the question of the strategic plan of the Commission I indicated that I would like to speak in advance of the vote on behalf of my Group .	0	3
Zawahiri argued instead that they have been active since the assassination of Anwar Sadat in Egypt because of the Camp David Accord and the resulting peace treaty between Egypt and Israel .	22	2
Typical treatments take the dilutions , with ritualised shaking between each step of the dilution , past the level where any molecules of the original substance are likely to remain ; for homeopathic treatments to work , basic well-understood concepts in chemistry and physics would have to be wrong .	43	4
Since being a good friend to someone usually means helping them , they often ca n't stand the thought of a good friendship .	6	4
However , when he printed out the service quote , I could see that it was NOT the correct tire , and was not even an appropriate tire for my car model .	23	2
You do n't need ideas , you do n't need to move out of your chair , you simply go on producing a noise out of the magic box to keep the natives quiet – and now , boom , it 's all gone , including the only incentive they ever had , their pension .	48	5
You can export tables , queries , and the data behind forms or reports from a Microsoft Access database ( .mdb ) as well as tables , views , stored produces , functions , and the data behind forms and reports from a Microsoft Access project ( .adp ) .	28	1
The most important thing is that you are comfortable , and that you 're not wearing baggy or loose fitting clothing so you can make sure you 're forming and moving correctly in the mirror .	2	5
I 'm a soccer mom so I was n't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear .	17	3
In 1996 , the EDU 's mandate was extended to include the smuggling of human beings .	11	2
Certainly , Nguyen is the one of first names of many people in Vietnam , only in Vietnam .	18	1
When you have a malignant tumor , you may remove the tumor itself surgically .	12	3
My neighbourhood has been surrounded by American troops for three days now , helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop .	7	3
Jurisdictions which are are approved to trade credit derivatives : Finland , Germany , Norway , Sweden , Switzerland , the U.K , and the U.S. .	0	6
Jealousy of your achievements or seeming lifestyle can cause another person to feel smug or arrogant about something they think they do better than you or own / have that you do n't .	26	2
The target for NASA & Company probably to get by 2018 all the ambitious space program countries shifting towards this model , through the propaganda of another moon mission ; deliberately failing this or trying hard for another moon landing hoax ; achieving the real aim of space unity between space programs of other countries .	6	4
( We check in early afternoon and we fly next day . )	12	1
In the winter , they will usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation - like state called brumation , which is characterized by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity .	0	1
Please let us know if you need anything else .	2	1
Please do me a favour and give me the subject price for Jan , Feb , Mar and Apr 2001 .	13	1
He 's a good chap , if they 'll let him alone , he 's learnt a lot , and one 's done what one could ...	12	1
From the delectable Antipasto Misto to the Spaghetti alla Barese and the Parmigiana and ending with gelato , all was mouth watering .	9	3
Keep in touch ,	1	1
In Indian national chart besides the transit affliction to transit Mercury by Rahu and Venus the natal Saturn and Venus are also under the transit affliction of Rahu which has resulted into floods in many parts of the country taking toll of human lives , properties , etc .	5	2
I have been to Kim at Cheveux for more than five years .	10	2
I 'm in all week .	5	1
Send us your comments using the form .	5	2
Scholars find evidence both for and against Shakespeare 's Catholicism in his plays , but the truth may be impossible to prove either way .	9	6
What can we do about it ?	5	1
He thought for a moment of Vermeer 's Soldier and Young Girl Smiling , trying to remember the expression on the girl 's face , the exact position of her hands around the cup , the red back of the faceless man .	27	4
He comes with everything , litter box , carrier , ect .	7	1
I would remind you that the negotiations with Spain and Portugal lasted seven years .	10	4
Like the tens of billions of dollars that have been " lost " in Iraq , planeloads of arms do n't just " vanish " ; not when the Pentagon contracts the work to an international criminal of Bout 's untouchable stature .	7	2
For now , this is the list of countries for which we will probably need the FX and / or inflation curves .	20	5
The population increased , as many people from Luzon and the Visayas came to work either as fishermen or miners .	16	1
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .	1	2
Imagine the feelings of a commander of a fine – what 'd 'ye call 'em ? – trireme in the Mediterranean , ordered suddenly to the north ; run overland across the Gauls in a hurry ; put in charge of one of these craft the legionaries , – a wonderful lot of handy men they must have been too – used to build , apparently by the hundred , in a month or two , if we may believe what we read .	79	4
Foz on the Brazilian side is the larger town , however both are geared up to cater for visitors to the Waterfalls and National Parks , and so offer a range of accommodation for all budgets .	33	2
He had heard of Israel , but only just , and he was not especially interested .	6	2
Some confounded fact we men have been living contentedly with ever since the day of creation would start up and knock the whole thing over .	8	6
I certainly had the impression whatever tension there was had eased up , last time I saw Mweta in London .	2	2
Those glowing Mountain Dew videos with peroxide and baking soda are all hoaxes .	0	3
According to a post she made on the internet , Aafia Siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with US appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of WTC 1993 plotter Ramzi Yousef from Pakistan .	13	2
Another thing that can cause a king snake to stop eating is shedding .	4	3
I 'm a little afraid when i buy PS3 or X - BOX then a newer version comes out .	8	2
When the sun rose some slumped off into sleep , but women began to examine the plastic bags in which they kept their hats , and , as the hard beams of the sun struck into the cabin on hairnets , pale lips , and stubble , queues formed for the lavatories .	51	5
Excerpt :	1	1
It 's not too comfortable for a man your height , Colonel .	9	3
That little man who thinks he invented pizza can kiss my *ss .	11	2
Radianz 1251 Avenue of the Americas 7th Floor New York , NY 10016 USA Phone : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4425 Fax : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4310 Cell : +1 ( 917 ) 859-7187 Email : kyle.jones@radianz.com	31	1
He had the same pale , pointed face and identical cold grey eyes .	11	2
( For some reason it will not let me rate it one star - it is not rated 5 by me ! )	3	3
The many light toys such a swords , devil ears , and lanterns turn the milling crowd into a unique light show that can be observed by climbing the steps of the 70 meter memorial hall on the grounds .	2	3
I graduate in the spring , and so we 'd like to go between then and winter .	5	1
I am sending you some info that I have passed along regarding the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefit .	21	4
we have made a furnace as such , we took a clay flower pot with a hole in the bottom put a piece of steel pipe in the middle of it with a cap on the bottom , filled the pipe with brass scrap , surounded the pipe with charcoal lit it off and pumped air through the hole in the pot , everything got red hot but did not melt .	3	1
" You 're going to be looking at hundreds dead along the coast , " a state official said .	3	3
He 'd been talking of nothing else for a fortnight .	4	1
He does n't just take pictures he makes art out of them and you wo n't even notice that there 's a camera there .	15	2
He has said that the Iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes needed to weaponize anthrax .	14	5
John Cornyn , U.S. Senator ( R-Texas )	2	1
the next day i let her out of the bedroom so they could check each other out , and the kitten hissed twice within the first 20 minutes of meeting each other and now she no longer hisses and they have been playing ( chasing each other up and down the hall , rolling around on the ground and pawing at each other ) .	17	1
Food is just okay .. wo n't crave it , but would n't mind coming back for a quick meal .	17	1
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License , Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide , royalty - free , non - exclusive , perpetual ( for the duration of the applicable copyright ) license to exercise the rights in the Work as stated below :	35	4
I ca n't believe there are no serious metal fans who frequent RI .	12	1
Long before ( September 1560 ) Dr. Lopez had been the personal house doctor of Robert Dudley and the good doctor was obligated to write the death certificate for Amy Robsart ( stating that she had " accidentally " fallen down the stairs ) .	40	2
Also , you will notice this interconnect may not be subject to the CIAC tax gross up , but to protect ourselves , we have added language in Para 3.2 that protects us financially if the IRS ever comes back to determine that this interconnect is subject to the CIAC tax .	37	2
Learn the quality of their friendships .	4	3
The higher your hands go , the more respectful you are .	5	1
The service is solicitous , the atmosphere is nice and mod except the out - of - place flat - screen TV playing football .	23	4
What started as a routine ultrasound became complicated when expectant mother Margaret Boemer , of Plano , Texas , was told her unborn child had a rare condition and needed surgery to survive .	25	1
The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting developers .	15	2
The first is the harmonisation of national development policies and regional development policies .	2	1
It was the biggest thing in the town , and everybody I met was full of it .	15	1
Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates .	21	1
We ca n’t let the presidency go to Donald Trump , someone so racist , sexist and incredibly unqualified to be commander - in - chief .	24	1
Most playwrights of the period typically collaborated with others at some point , and critics agree that Shakespeare did the same , mostly early and late in his career .	12	1
Taking into consideration this class of customer , we decided to include certain items , including our inability to cover our costs due to a change in law , rules or practices as a " force majeure event " in an effort to soften the approach ( see the GTCs ) .	0	3
Human rights are below any reasonable standard , in spite of the grotesque fact that Libya was elected Chair of the UN Human Rights commission .	1	3
Through them it may cost £ 20 in total per person .	0	4
$ 94.40 - Amount allocated per person for homeland security in American Samoa .	10	1
lol , last news message came out kinda weird , i was trying to browse the japanese website while i changed the text i was supposed to put up but i ran out of time so there are no real pictures yet ... but i 'll add the links soon sry .	15	2
If you have a good repoire ( which I 'm sure you do ) with them , they should be honest on if this horse is fixable to any degree ... not really sure what you want to do with him ...	3	1
28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2003 , the second - longest vacation of any president in US history .	1	1
Best to deal with !	3	2
It is a directive which safeguards the interests of rightholders and protects intellectual property .	11	4
He handed it to Auster . You see , he said .	7	2
Indeed , its three - year plan for economic innovation , announced in February , aims to raise the female employment rate to 62 % by 2017 , through the provision of affordable , high - quality childcare facilities and expanded paid parental leave , among other measures .	21	2
This is all in accordance with the principles that we have always upheld .	11	3
Our server was quite attentive and the food was fantastic .	9	5
Nothing contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein .	18	2
I 'm inclined to say that google is doing what they can to both shape and support the growth of the most popular non-Microsoft browser out there - by taking on the leading lights in Firefox development , they 're ensuring the continued life of the project , and ensuring ( not that I think they need to ) that their voice will be heard admidst the higher echelons of the firefox development team .	19	1
The team who work there are helpfull , friendly and extremely knowledgeable and will help you as much as they can with thier years of hands on practice .	16	1
I do n’t like the doctor , but I do n’t know why .	1	1
You got ta get an iPhone for 3G ... only way ... actually there is a thing that you pay for monthly that gets wifi from satellite and you can connect to it anywhere but you have to Cary it with you	27	2
When those lucky enough not to have Herpes create a climate of shame and indignity for those of us who do , not only are they hurting us , but they are hurting themselves .	10	4
" My first thought was to push it away , " he said .	0	1
Shakespeare was born and brought up in Stratford - upon - Avon .	10	1
The flowers were all that I hoped they would be , I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all .	29	1
One twelfth of each annual amount shall be payable to Bulgaria and Romania on the first working day of each month in the corresponding year .	17	2
The following illustration shows the Employees table in PivotTable view .	6	3
I used to eat at places like New China or Green Buffet in Troy , MO - nothing terrible but not that great .	17	4
It is a cloth napkin kind of place , but I thought well worth it .	4	3
This is possible because we release all of our software under the Open Source GPL license and release our content under a Creative Commons license .	0	2
I have since purchased two cars from this dealership , The first one was from Phillip and the second was from Richard .	16	2
China was among 30 nations invited to send a delegate to NASA - sponsored roundtable discussions on Bush 's strategy to reach the moon with astronauts as the first step in the exploration of Mars and other - deep space destinations .	14	5
There 's one thing I 'll do for you , though .	1	1
First , summary statistics of the study variables and racial categories were produced .	7	5
Where are you living these days ?	2	2
Since each account belongs to one person , we require everyone to use their real name on their account .	8	1
This visa , which is really little more than a piece of paper on which you list your vital statistics , costs between 15 - 25 CUC ( or € 15 - 25 ) , depending on where purchased .	23	1
I do nt know how it is possible to make orange chicken , sesame chicken and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puffs taste THAT bad but China Delight accomplished that .	21	1
You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment , but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you .	27	3
Prearranged about 18 months in advance as the cruise lines sell segments all along the way i.e Transatlantic to London ( England ) , England to Barcelona ( Spain ) , Barcelona to Alexandria ( Egypt ) , Egypt to India via Suez canal etc .	23	1
Good quality Indian food in a pleasant environment	7	6
Perfect for those with difficulty swallowing tablets or capsules	8	4
The prestigious IAEA ( International Atomic Energy Agency ) published an early report on Chernobyl which was based on information from Russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects .	11	3
Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract , or several ?	4	2
YOUR education ( the more the better ) and your past work history , combined with a CLEAN FBI and State Police record , and a satisfactory financial history ( no bankruptcies or large outstanding debts in the USA ) are all taken into consideration .	9	2
My family is calling for your urgent assistance in funding the removal of the President of the Republic of Iraq and acquiring the petroleum assets of his country , as compensation for the costs of removing him from power .	21	5
Basil is easy to grow , and transforms ordinary meals into culinary treasures !	6	2
Mark E Haedicke	1	1
There ’s a 24 hour comedy news cycle that exists on all the late night talk shows .	6	2
There 's supplies , and there 's wear and tear and maintenance , and bookkeeping and things like that that you have to do .	19	2
My Group believes that since a Parliament is meant to listen , debate and reflect , there can be no justification whatsoever for this delay and we believe that , if the Commission is ready to do so , we still have time to re-establish the original agreement between Parliament and the Commission and proceed in a manner which fulfils our duty to our fellow citizens .	63	2
Regards ,	0	4
After the Reign of Terror ( 1793 – 94 ) , he was sent to Tours to coordinate supplies for the Army .	9	1
As you know , the suffix ONLINE is purely descriptive and now used by many companies .	10	2
A couple days after the oil change , the engine ran rough , the low oil pressure light would come on sporadically , and the engine would whir loudly .	26	3
I 'll still be here in Boston so we 'd do it over the phone .	7	1
If this interpretation required knowledge on Stillman 's part , then Quinn would accept this knowledge as an article of faith , at least for the time being .	24	2
The Al - Bu Nimr in Ramadi and Al - Qaim rose in arms against Saddam in the mid-nineties following the execution of Thamir Madhlum Al - Dulaymi , an Air Force general belonging to their tribe .	5	1
In 1878 James wrote with sadness about the lack of contemporary attention paid to Balzac , and lavished praise on him in four essays ( in 1875 , 1877 , 1902 , and 1913 ) .	12	2
Also we do not address calculation of a termination payment in the event of a change in law as the long form does -- again , more in the interest of " saving space " than anything else ...	15	3
Second , he could not fully grasp that rising real material living standards for the working class might well go hand in hand with a rising rate of exploitation – that is , a smaller income share for labor .	3	3
By comparing my observations to what my colleagues and predecessors had found , I figured out what group it belongs to , and was able to determine that within that group , it was a new species .	29	2
Prosperity POS makes the best pos systems .	0	5
That is , a user with an appropriate license can make changes to data in a spreadsheet , change formatting , drag fields in a chart or PivotTable List , and so on , as long as you did n't protect these options at design time .	42	4
Shakespeare 's will scarcely mentions his wife , Anne , who was probably entitled to one third of his estate automatically .	15	2
How long will the transitional period be following Polish accession in the case of the free movement of persons ?	10	1
i mean a 2 day stay was a ok stay even tho the manager looked like he was chineze and that we only slept and went out from 8 to 7 to see New York .	35	1
And , you 're going to develop a hopeless romantic streak .	9	4
First come , first serve .	3	3
Why certain slogans work and why some do n't .	4	2
Gloria temporarily improved during the rare times they used conventional treatments , but they soon dropped them in favour of homeopathy , and she consistently worsened .	14	2
me and my dad where in NJ for a kc chiefs ( my home team ) vs the NY jets and for game 4 of the world series .	20	2
To tell the truth , this 's the first time for a week we 've had time to sit down to eat .	11	1
As it turned out , the Soviets never made it to the moon .	10	1
This is a two day process and all because I let my CA license expire .	7	2
Since the fall of communism in Poland , Łódź has not enjoyed the rapid economic growth cities like Kraków , Warsaw and Wrocław have experienced , and has had to endure the fall of much of its textile industry , rising unemployment and emigration ( within Poland and abroad ) .	47	2
'' Every morning and night , the kids , beginning as young as 1 and 2 , had to stand before a poster of Massoud and Maryam , salute them and shout praises to them , '' Nadereh Afshari , a former Mujahedeen deep - believer , told me .	45	4
yet to understand the effect of it on me you ought to know how I got out there , what I saw , how I went up that river to the place where I first met the poor chap .	29	1
By comparison , it cost $ 103.7 million to build the NoMa infill Metro station , which opened in 2004 .	18	1
Yes , I have usually voted National .	6	4
It is important to note that there is also a departure tax of CUC 25 , to be paid in cash when departing Cuba by airplane ; this is not required for boat departures .	27	2
I highly recommend that you do not use coiled / compact UVB bulbs as they are known to cause severe eye damage and / or blindness in reptiles not to mention they have trouble maintaining UVB output over time .	30	4
I hope they will be rejected because they are really the epitome of what Parliament is not able to do .	13	2
Most of the actions carried out are conferences , seminars and workshops , as well as specialised training courses .	1	1
And around and around it goes , shouted the boy , suddenly spreading his arms and spinning around the room like a gyroscope .	6	1
Well , again , I am now faced with a tax bill of $ 6,000 + , all due on April 15 , 2010 and all that Rod has to say to the matter is ' well , you wo n't have to pay a penalty . '	32	2
I will conclude , Mr President , by saying that the failure of the Commission 's communication to focus on territorial pacts and , especially , methods of combating unemployment among women and young people , is cause for serious concern .	35	1
What we could do , however , was to study anatomy and figure out what it is , so that when we have samples preserved for studying e.g. , the genome , transcriptome , or metabolome , or conduct tests of the fluid in the burrows or in the animals themselves , we can make precise comparisons , and figure out what these animals have or do ( metabolically or chemically ) that lets them live where they live .	57	1
The two screamed to frighten the bear and warn their friends in a tent several metres away but the bear ripped into that tent and began mauling 31 - year - old Alain Parenteau .	27	1
giving the new kitten her own small territory will help her to feel safe and will give her a place to go to when scared .	3	3
It will be borne by the consumers and will constitute an additional element of the price of electricity used .	8	2
the industry of Marriage and Kids , you heard me .	7	2
If you are just applying for a birth certificate for the first time , it s simple to do it over the computer .	19	1
Cognitive games involve a number of different games working aspects of human cognition , while proposing the intersection between the sets of concepts , fun and cognition , for the improvement of cognitive functions .	21	1
By adding certain chemicals , the ROS can be measured using the emission of light of a certain wave-length .	11	2
The sunlight turned her hair to fire and Carroll found it difficult to look directly at her .	17	1
The newspaper " Die ZEIT " first inquired with the real estate business about its dubious cash flows and the threat of insolvency in July .	3	2
22,600 - Number of planes carrying unscreened cargo that fly into New York each month .	1	1
Whereas it is essential , if man is not to be compelled to have recourse , as a last resort , to rebellion against tyranny and oppression , that human rights should be protected by the rule of law ;	29	3
( 7 ) Ecodesign requirements should be set bearing in mind the goals and priorities of the Sixth Community Environment Action Programme , including as appropriate applicable goals of the relevant thematic strategies of that Programme .	3	5
The most important thing is that you are comfortable , and that you 're not wearing baggy or loose fitting clothing so you can make sure you 're forming and moving correctly in the mirror .	35	1
We had fewer people running across the Mexican border then .	1	2
You may be able to do better on the rates if you request competitive quotes via CruiseCompete ) .	9	3
To avoid confusion , ensure that aliases and column names are always unique in an SQL statement .	6	4
There should be a Pixel Mapping function in the menu that will get rid of them , most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels , some only show up on long exposures .	8	2
I assume you need both gas and power .	4	2
I share the regrets she expressed , namely that Parliament has become involved rather late in the day as regards these guidelines , since by now the procedure for negotiations with the states is so far advanced that I cannot see this report having any sort of immediate effect , which in my view is a pity .	53	2
Madam President , I should like to draw your attention to a case in which this Parliament has consistently shown an interest .	11	1
Edward Shinza 's one of the few who did his stretch and got his head split open that time by Her Majesty 's brave boys , and where 's he ... back in the Bashi Flats among his old wives , for all I know , no one even mentions his name .	49	4
He also ordered that the receiver not get a ( I think chrome ) coating that helped keep the gun from jamming .	21	4
Criminals released from prison during the war served in his company .	6	2
49 - Percentage of Americans in April 2004 who found that their taxes had actually gone up since Bush took office .	17	3
I doubt that will be the outcome though .	1	3
Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today .	0	2
Some schools may have students wear the same thing and others may just require any type of leotard and tights and sometimes ballet skirts .	22	3
Does the Commission have any sort of long-term policy in mind here ?	5	2
I came to La Crosse to go to college , and my mom would send me birthday flowers though here .	4	3
All he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered Communist forces .	20	3
Some critics consider Balzac 's writing exemplary of naturalism - a more pessimistic and analytical form of realism , which seeks to explain human behavior as intrinsically linked with the environment .	28	2
Please let me know if this sounds good , and if you have any question , please ask .	15	1
One of the most widespread myths of recent times is that the Chernobyl nuclear reactor accident in 1986 caused many thousands of extra cancer deaths in neighbouring regions , and that public health has been severely affected by exposure to radiation .	9	1
i 'll be coming back for years to come !	0	1
In 1856 , the Second Opium War broke out ; the Chinese were again defeated and forced to the terms of the 1858 Treaty of Tientsin and the 1860 Convention of Peking .	2	1
2 . I did not include a " Setoff " provision in this draft , mainly because the vast majority of the time , we will not , nor will an affiliate , have another agreement in place with these customers .	29	2
Below is the list , now updated to reflect this change .	6	4
" Let ( Hamas ) consider me their striking arm in Iraq because the fate of Iraq and Palestine is the same , " al - Sadr said during a Friday prayer sermon in Kufa , his home base south of Baghdad .	15	1
It is a curb bit with a ported mouth piece and some horses appreciate this to give them more room in their mouths for their tongues .	22	3
I just got a call from Dave and Frank and they tell me I have a whole week this time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade Australian financial power .	22	2
She was staggered by the loss last year to the Cardinals .	9	2
Transwestern will own and operate the interconnect .	5	2
1987 was proclaimed the " Year of the River " by the Lord Mayor of Brisbane at the time , Sallyanne Atkinson .	19	1
" The impacts of global warming are affecting people now in the Arctic , " said ACIA chair Robert Corell .	19	3
However , in April 2001 , the IAEA published Fifteen Years after the Chernobyl Accident - Lessons learned . which contradict the earlier reports .	17	4
James , you must come and say hello to Dorothy before we leave .	2	2
Al - Zaman : Guerrillas killed a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party after kidnapping him in Mosul .	6	1
We are aiming to have the programme printed next week , so I would really need to know as soon as possible if you would be available to speak at this year 's congress .	10	1
Both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived , though Mr. Parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular , Dr. Fortier said .	26	1
The end of the year is a time for compiling statistics - and according to the World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) , the year 2003 has been bad news for plants and non-human animals , with many species now closer to extinction than ever before .	28	2
However , any queries you created were not visible in the Database window because there was no option to set this mode in the user interface .	18	1
This can cause the chicken significant discomfort , leading to fainting or even , rarely , death .	1	2
As such , the Game of Thrones storyworld represents a remarkably rich and challenging environment for fans old and new , who must negotiate an increasingly complex network of paratexts and intertexts in order to fully engage with its narratives .	27	4
Each of those 10 million have families , friends , neighbors ... and so closer and closer does the We interface with the You .	13	1
It collects the data based on the observation of the proposed interventions as well as interviews conducted with participating teachers and students to identify their perceptions of digital games ’ contributions to the learning process .	20	2
Investigators said the nun , Margaret Ann Pahl , 71 , was strangled and then stabbed , with nine wounds on her chest forming the shape of an inverted cross , a well - recognized Satanic symbol .	15	4
The Americans have to put away their free - market fetishism for a while and find ways of creating jobs and pumping money into Iraqi households .	0	2
I would n't like not having the option to return to NZ .	4	2
1,700 - Percentage increase between 2001 and 2002 of Saudi Arabian spending on public relations in the United States .	14	5
Dogs , cats , rabbits , wolves , moose , horses , you name it , we have it .	8	3
your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey .	23	2
Please clarify " all " do you intend 10MM for ENA as well ?	13	1
You look for sleighs and frost when you hear this jingle-belling .	2	2
the Pole who had danced the gazatska became the man with whom he gravitated to a quiet corner so that they could talk about the curious grammar-structure of Gala and the Lambala group of languages .	7	3
Third , with the " new age " Efrem Zimbalist , Jr. in charge of the investigation , it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security .	6	2
Then , reaching into one of his coat pockets , he would remove a red notebook – similar to Quinn 's but smaller – and write in it with great concentration for a minute or two .	35	2
The New Zealand government intends to hold two referendums to reach a verdict on the flag , at an estimated cost of NZ $ 26 million , although a recent poll found only a quarter of citizens favoured changing the flag .	22	1
They told me that this is not under warranty and want to charge me $ 175 just to diagnose the problem !	19	2
His forecast represented a simple extrapolation of two trends :	1	4
It also came with free balance and rotation for the life of the tires !	6	2
Now , FLDS leader Warren Jeffs has been added to the FBI 's list of " Ten Most Wanted Fugitives , " a move that caps law enforcement 's dramatic change of approach toward the polygamous group in recent years ... [ because of ] the impact that the group 's practices , law enforcement officials say , are having on the most vulnerable within the sect , particularly children and women .	66	2
Now back to what 's really important ... you .	8	2
I 'm glad I trusted my gut and did n't get sucked into doing business with them .	9	2
ok well i have a crush on 2 guys but unforchunitly it is almost valentine s day afnd i just broke up with my and i have dated one of the guys i like and one guy lives in my naborhood guy i need your help i am a girl but i need a guy s help what shoul i do ?	26	2
A dancing studio is equipped with mirrors for correcting your positioning and seeing what you 're doing accurately , and a barre for practicing . [ 1 ]	26	1
Holly - the owner , knows exactly how to make you feel beautiful in clothes .	2	2
Another approach is to buy five bottles of vodka and five bags of Skittles .	0	4
The stampede began when luggage from a bus tripped pilgrims at the eastern end of the wall , causing a bottleneck .	11	2
Also being exhibited for the first time are British Ministry of Defence maps which imagine cold war battles and which were used in military college exams .	17	4
Whie I do n't subscribe to the notion that the things we watch or listen to have no effect on our behavior ( which I think is patently rediculous ) , it does bother me when people single out a specific group of people to pin the blame on .	4	5
Nonetheless , I should like to take up two points which are mentioned in the Environment Committee 's report .	15	6
Keep Bobby , his team members and their families in your prayers .	0	2
Important news such as President Bush 's miniscule calibrations on his marriage amendment / anti-gay ( update : he 's not against gays in the bedroom , just at the altar , where of course their relationships should not only be frowned upon but should be constitutionally excluded ) has pushed Sudan not just off the front pages , or the A section , but out of the NY Times and Washington Post completely .	51	3
At a polling station in Taikoo of the Hong Kong Island constituency , after the polls closed at 22:30 , with the long queues outside the station the last ballot there was cast at 2:30 the next day , four hours after the last person was allowed to join the queue .	0	1
This one is better for rats .	0	2
This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by means of two or more elements , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .	1	2
I 'm more than happy to help people with the site or answer any questions about Action Network - just drop me a message .	18	1
How much would it cost for me to take me and three friends to Andiamo s restaurant for dinner ?	5	2
Mr. Kurtz was ...	1	3
Tom Byargeon , Kevin Miller and Ken Loch in ENA are working with producers in the US involved in deep water offshore Louisiana / Texas oil and gas drilling projects .	28	4
The one he 'd just left , Borgin and Burkes , looked like the largest , but opposite was a nasty window display of shrunken heads , and two doors down , a large cage was alive with gigantic black spiders .	17	4
I 'm suppose to start a job at Cracker Barrel , but I ca n't risk losing the job because I have two visible tattoos on my arm .	20	1
[ an error occurred while processing this directive ]	1	1
The interior of the island is dominated by the beautiful and green Hagghier mountains and limestone plateau .	9	5
So huge in fact , that Toronto slang is influenced by and has Jamaican references , and Jamaican beef patties are staples in my high school cafeteria .	15	1
Do n't even get me started on how expensive it is to drink there .	14	1
Crossing between the genres of science fiction , horror , anime , fantasy and comics , the event sprawled throughout all corners of the facility .	12	4
You can create SQL queries in one of two ANSI SQL query modes :	5	1
COMMUNICATION FROM THE COMMISSION TO THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND TO THE COUNCIL concerning the implementation and continuation of the Pericles programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting .	16	6
Bogd Khaan said that both Mongolia and China had been administered by the Manchu during the Qing , and after the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911 , the contract of Mongolian submission to the Manchu had become invalid .	31	1
Attached is a spreadsheet that contains the values .	5	4
In that , they pretty much succeeded .	5	2
USDA employee Johnelle Bryant first told us , in sensational detail , of Atta 's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster .	14	1
" He left a message for everyone to see ... maybe to God himself . "	1	1
To do this , choose pads ( the flat , oval-shaped sections that make up a cactus ) that are 6 months old or older and cut them at the base .	19	2
As far as the EEI goes , the only remaining issue that I 'm aware of ( aside from finalizing the LOC ) is whether we 've finished coordinating the Attachment containing the list of prior transactions .	31	5
On the other hand , external history contains references to the history of Spanish speakers , their historical vicissitudes and the social use of the language .	24	2
As we discussed last week , since the Enron guaranties will need to be in a form that will acceptable to our project lenders and equity participants , we thought that we should start with a form that was used in our last financing and that was negotiated by Enron and the banks .	23	4
wood can vary from cork wood or balsa wood , or press - board , or plywood , and pre-cut 2 by 4 or slats , you can check home depot or hardware shops for larger pieces ,	10	1
PROCEED WITH USUAL LOGIN / PASSWORD	2	3
Thanks to all this it will now be more difficult for public and private broadcasters to ignore the rules contained in the directive .	11	3
So you have imagination , you have total freedom , you can invent characters , you can invent all kind of development and surprises and this kind of end of story or another .	33	1
I will not eat halal meat , so guess what , I opted for foods which were n't a meat dish , there were plenty of other options .	11	1
You had to hand it to them , thought Harry , as George took an ordinary hairpin from his pocket and started to pick the lock .	25	2
My parents even plays with them .	4	2
Hey there , I 'm trying to find a restaurant in Philly to take my husband tomorrow for his birthday .	8	1
Currently we have a blank " sample " for our Paragraph 13s which are attached to our sample ISDAs for ( a ) US Corporate , ( b ) Hedge Funds , ( c ) Municipal .	8	2
USI 's exhibit , which is located in Evansville , Indiana , is to run from January 23 through March 9 .	11	1
The intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward MTM debtors and creditor balances OBSF transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account	57	4
The Messrs. Kahn and Bruce Briggs say in a prefatory note that their book is " basically an organizational product .	10	2
The intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward MTM debtors and creditor balances OBSF transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account	28	4
Just at that time the manager was the only man supposed to have any right to candles .	4	2
Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red .	4	1
It did so again during this legislature , in July , and then , in September , it voted once more to approve the whole Commission .	0	1
This is to inform that a representative of Enron Corp would like to address the Commission on the issue of utility rate stabilization plans at the Commission 's hearings scheduled for December 27th and 28th .	11	2
Maybe even try to get your mom to hold it a bit .	8	2
This is to inform that a representative of Enron Corp would like to address the Commission on the issue of utility rate stabilization plans at the Commission 's hearings scheduled for December 27th and 28th .	26	5
long lines on the weekends but worth it	1	3
I do n't suppose he 's going to turn up for the honour of standing in the crowd and waving a flag , eh ?	14	4
The media routinely obscures the lines between terrorism and legitimate resistance , as the recent article by Daniel Okrent of The New York Times demonstrates .	2	5
I 'll also trot doing , down 2 beats , up one for a wile , then up 2 down 1 making sure the weight is going into the balls of my feet .	30	1
It is usually valid for 30 days and can be extended once for another 30 days at any immigration office in Cuba ( for 25 CUC ) - beyond this you would need a flight out of Cuba within the extended visa period .	42	3
Sounds simple enough to me .	1	3
But it is less clear how the government will create additional jobs for women .	10	5
The thing looked as dead as the carcass of some animal .	10	3
What started as a routine ultrasound became complicated when expectant mother Margaret Boemer , of Plano , Texas , was told her unborn child had a rare condition and needed surgery to survive .	8	2
( if ..... ) ( iii ) definitive agreements acceptable to Party A in its sole discretion regarding the debt and all other aspects of [ the project to be owned by Party B ] , including but not limited to the senior debt facility , commitments and all project documents , have been fully negotiated and executed and the [ project ] has been brought to financial close .	3	1
Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .	24	1
For those with a larger appetite for the scenery and a larger budget , there are some hotel complexes much closer to the action with views of parts of the falls .	28	1
expressed in the roar that rocked back and forth from the crowd at intervals , the togas , medalled breasts and white gloves , the ululating cries of women , the soldiers at attention , and the sun striking off the clashing brass of the bands .	45	3
It 's without a doubt , the best service experience I 've ever had and just to be clear , the price he charged me was the same as my tire guy in Nashville 's price for putting on the other rear tire .	23	4
We 've moved on .	1	2
I 'm hoping the bakers continue to do their baking out of another place , because it would be a shame not to have these cakes any longer .	11	1
“ Okay , ” my mother says .	1	2
I 've traveled to all of these places and could certainly tailor a trip to your needs based on budget , actual time allowed , your likes and dislikes .	15	2
This place had the worst tasting pizza I have ever tasted it was possible the worst food I 've ever eaten .	17	1
I had an interesting conversation with a middle - aged taxi driver who used to live in Fallujah and is now at relatives in Amiriya , Baghdad .	17	4
Whereas disregard and contempt for human rights have resulted in barbarous acts which have outraged the conscience of mankind , and the advent of a world in which human beings shall enjoy freedom of speech and belief and freedom from fear and want has been proclaimed as the highest aspiration of the common people ;	26	1
My concept is that over time I would like to own one of all the following artists and they are all depending when I find something that we really like .	24	2
" A fine comparison ! " said Sancho ; " though not so new but that I have heard it many and many a time , as well as that other one of the game of CHESS ; how , so long as the game lasts , each piece has its own particular office , and when the game is finished they are all mixed , jumbled up and shaken together , and stowed away in the bag , which is much like ending life in the grave . "	38	2
We went in for a third visit and they fixed it again , but this time when we picked up the car , the radio and clock did not work .	8	2
Opening night , January 23 , 2014 , of the Andy Warhol exhibit of Polaroids and screen prints at the University of Southern Indiana .	1	3
No injuries or deaths were reported in the attacks from either side , but South Korea evacuated about 80 people in the town of Yeoncheon after at least one shell landed near the area .	28	2
They 'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want , plus all the information you need to apply .	16	2
Spread the heavy items over a few boxes .	5	1
He looked up at the vaulted ceiling of the great hall and studied the fresco of constellations .	4	2
1 ) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and 2 ) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement .	21	3
The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral , this tradition started after the civil war .	30	1
They do n't let just anybody do it .	5	4
I certainly had the impression whatever tension there was had eased up , last time I saw Mweta in London .	11	1
I am ready to meet there at your building or elsewhere that is appropriate .	2	3
It was my birthday and I had a last minute idea to have a bakery cake instead of one pre-made in a convenience store , but the problem was it was the day before Valentine s and when many bakeries turned me down for a plain vanilla rectangle cake , Fiona stepped up to the plate and was able to make a fantastic beautiful cake .	64	2
The mycelium infuses all landscapes , it holds soils together , it 's extremely tenacious .	13	5
The moment the door had closed , Mr Borgin dropped his oily manner .	12	3
Bit rich coming from you , said Harry , staring at the floating car .	5	1
Each time he took a walk , he felt as though he were leaving himself behind , and by giving himself up to the movement of the streets , by reducing himself to a seeing eye , he was able to escape the obligation to think , and this , more than anything else , brought him a measure of peace , a salutatory emptiness within .	18	1
( 1 ) Everyone charged with a penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his defence .	27	3
You need to check out the French Indochina War ( 1946 - 1954 ) not the Vietnam War ( 1957 - 1975 ) .	8	2
The Osage Trail is a rails-to-trails route that begins at the OSU-Tulsa campus and travels north 15 miles to Skiatook .	20	1
Ms Pugh has received treatment at Papworth and Addenbrooke 's Hospitals in Cambridgeshire .	8	6
When items in a field are hidden by conditional filtering , a funnel appears to the left of the drop-down arrow Field arrow .	13	4
If you move the line upward , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line below remains constant , and the perpendicular line above the moving line contracts .	12	2
I just got of the phone with Hai and he told me how to make an adjustment on a day to day basis in regards to incorrect liquidations but he also explained this is just to make the daily P&L #'s right , if nothing were done the month end P&L would still somehow work out because adjustments would be made .	19	2
While most U.S. secretaries of state -- save perhaps Dean Rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with , few have been as brazen as Colin Powell .	16	2
" We 're not happy with Hamas 's position at this stage and in light of the Israeli escalation against the Palestinians , " commented Khader Habib , a senior Islamic Jihad official .	18	5
But Sharon 's iron fist is simply not working as a means of establishing general peace , and the Bush administration will have to finally apply effective pressure on Sharon to stop his outrages in and colonization of the West Bank and Gaza .	14	4
Well kept facility with friendly staff .	6	1
And , having only two days makes you realize what you have with your family .	4	2
More than anything else at Hogwarts , more even than playing Quidditch , Harry missed his best friends , Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger .	14	3
You MUST apply , to become a Immigrant , and WAIT to be approved , by the Canadian Government .	1	2
It ’s easy to annoy people when you are cramped in such a small , tight space .	6	2
" I have said and I repeat my expression of solidarity which Hassan Nasrallah called for to stand with Hamas , " Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr said Friday in a reference to Nasrallah , the leader of the militant Lebanese Shiite group Hezbollah .	16	1
The net social contribution of all of this " innovation " was negative .	13	1
More significantly , China holds a large portion of the American economy in the palm of its hand .	6	3
That 's still the domain of those who do n't .	5	1
When you get the tank make sure you wash the inside ( with plain water ) then you wash the gravel ( with only water too ) take out all the stuff that is floating on top .	17	2
Now , therefore , The General Assembly Proclaims this Universal Declaration of Human Rights as a common standard of achievement for all peoples and all nations , to the end that every individual and every organ of society , keeping this Declaration constantly in mind , shall strive by teaching and education to promote respect for these rights and freedoms and by progressive measures , national and international , to secure their universal and effective recognition and observance , both among the peoples of Member States themselves and among the peoples of territories under their jurisdiction .	41	6
The death rate in these dolphins , for the first calf born of every female dolphin , is 60 to 80 percent .	4	3
" If China 's economy falters , which , in my view , appears increasingly likely , then commodity prices will plummet , and with them , the value of the assets that produce them , " Jason Kindopp , Eurasia 's lead China analyst , said .	33	4
Another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time , meaning users can not retrieve them and read them later ( as they can with e-mail ) .	15	3
The implementation and operation of the guidelines cannot be left to the personal interpretation of one or other desk officer , either in the Commission or in the civil service .	16	1
The battles and demonstrations were provoked by the US assault on Fallujah .	9	4
Iranian officials say they made no objections to Khan ’s ouster because they want to strengthen Karzai ’s campaign against warlords .	18	4
' A radical Shiite Muslim cleric has expressed solidarity with the militant Palestinian group Hamas and said that he should be considered the group 's " striking arm " in Iraq .	9	2
A few more years may pass before everybody acknowledges that it is a World War , but we are already well into it .	12	1
" We are moving in the right direction : the Paris Agreement will slow climate change , as will the recent Kigali Amendment to reduce HFCs , " said Erik Solheim , head of UN Environment .	2	2
Therefore the irksome signs will not completely disappear : According to information from the news agency dpa , they will only be activated if , for instance , the artist or record label is not a member of GEMA and does not have an agreement with YouTube .	0	5
The XML protocol is a set of rules , guidelines , and conventions for designing data formats and structures , in a way that produces files that are easy to generate and easily read by different computers and applications .	39	1
" But the bottom line is that the ideas protected by IP rights are the dynamo of growth for developed and developing countries alike .	2	2
Beyond that point there was nothing : the random thoughts of men who knew nothing .	9	4
We 'll hook you guys in by videoconference .	1	2
The Moldovan airline is Aerocom , and yes , it 's one of Victor Bout 's .	10	1
" We are seeing many , many countries and especially large new emitters like Brazil , South Africa , India and China stepping up to the plate in terms of playing a role in reducing emissions , " said Guilbeault .	13	2
Of course it must do financial news and sports well enough .	11	1
No term or provision of this License shall be deemed waived and no breach consented to unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing and signed by the party to be charged with such waiver or consent .	16	3
He was trained to a harness / leash for outside time but he knew to use the litter pan inside .	4	1
Instead , they send outcast women , naive children , retarded people and young incited hotheads .	13	3
Sunni Iraqis contend that elections are impossible to hold under occupation .	8	2
This is a delivery office only and does not take walk ins but they do have a blue box out front .	13	2
The labor - participation rate for women with post - secondary education is 64 % , far exceeding the 35 % rate for those with only a primary or middle - school education .	19	1
Even the public clinics and hospitals that do exist are often rendered useless by high rates of absenteeism by doctors .	9	2
to the extent reasonably practicable , the Uniform Resource Identifier , if any , that Licensor specifies to be associated with the Work , unless such URI does not refer to the copyright notice or licensing information for the Work ;	9	5
" I study history in school , " I said .	6	1
With these in hand , we will design the curriculum of clinics , based on the method of ' constructive alignment ' ( Biggs et al. , 2011 ) , to make sure that the intended learning objectives and the teaching / learning activities stay aligned .	14	1
According to former Indian army general A S Kalkat , the difficulty for Kumaratunga 's government lay in the fact that the LTTE had become a de jure power in the north and east of the island and was running every aspect of civil administration in the areas within its control .	6	1
The success American Motors ' compact - sized Rambler models spurred GM and Ford to introduce their own downsized cars in 1960 .	3	3
He began to speak as soon as he saw me .	6	1
News of the retreat came as a great shock to Danish public opinion which had considered the Danevirke to be impregnable , and General de Meza was promptly relieved of his command .	6	1
What Ukraine needs is a sharp reduction in corruption , as well as real legitimacy ( through the ballot box ) for people who want to rein in the influence of oligarchs – a group that has sapped the economy through plunder and incompetence over the past two decades .	33	1
What 's going on with the UBS weather position ?	2	3
A sacrococcygeal teratoma is a tumour that develops before birth and grows from a baby 's tailbone .	5	3
They also do n't tell you that they 're going to mail you an " application " to be admitted to be a patient .	5	2
There should be a Pixel Mapping function in the menu that will get rid of them , most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels , some only show up on long exposures .	18	4
Let me put it this way - If you have watched TV recently , crossed a modern bridge , flown in an airplane , recieved any form of modern medicine , did any mathematics , drove a car , used a cellular phone , etc. then you have somehow directly reaped the rewards which NASA has returned to us .	36	1
Here in Jerusalem , when you shut your apartment door behind you you fall into a gale of conversation exposition , argument , harangue , analysis , theory , expostulation , threat , and prophecy .	9	2
Now-and-then history treats us to an interval of freedom and civilization and we make much of it .	4	1
The current complaints allege that HANO has not provided qualified former St. Thomas residents a preference with respect to available public housing units at River Garden per the 2003 agreement .	6	2
Because of the ants I dropped them to a 3 star .	1	1
yea i guess but rabbits a easily escape a pen or another rabbit could get in there and that rabbit could be the opposite gender .	12	3
If they think you 've taken a soda from your room home with you , they will charge you $ 1.50 per can .	2	3
Editorial Manager Chet Clem and President Sean Mills .	1	4
Yes , but be sure that your chickens are all hens ( I mean not roosters ) , Roosters may attack rabbits or anything they see moving , so be aware of that , hens are friendly with almost all kinds of pets !	16	1
NASA held a ceremony commemorating the date outside the hangar , known as Orbiter Processing Facility-1 , for Space Shuttle Atlantis , which is being prepped for its final mission which will be STS-135 , which will be the last Space Shuttle mission .	9	3
I live nearly two hours away and yet I will still make the drive to see them !	13	3
A third narrative poem , A Lover 's Complaint , in which a young woman laments her seduction by a persuasive suitor , was printed in the first edition of the Sonnets in 1609 .	34	1
Maybe she did n't want to be touched .	7	4
Waseem Kayani , 28 , High Wycombe	1	3
I would like to ask the Vice - President if she is in a position to tell us today what the state of play is with regard to the efforts towards harmonisation being made by these two organisations , and whether the EU is in a position to hasten these harmonisation efforts , in accordance with principles that are as simple as possible .	15	1
Paul has such a big inferiority complex as a man , due to his effeminate face , body and personality and due to his repressed homosexuality , that he found himself a handicapped woman with only one leg , so that he could stand out , being very conscious that a full woman would make him feel the superiority of virile men again , as Jane and Linda did .	41	1
There is a very good book on the subject that was written by General Vo Nguyen Giap .	0	3
I 'm the author of three books ( including the 1.3 million seller ALTERNATIVE CURES ) and hundreds of magazine articles , and worked for 20 years at Rodale Press , as a writer and as editor - in - chief of Prevention and Rodale Books .	40	3
Do I need to cross reference the deals in my model to the deals in the system or did you already do that ?	7	3
You do n't need ideas , you do n't need to move out of your chair , you simply go on producing a noise out of the magic box to keep the natives quiet – and now , boom , it 's all gone , including the only incentive they ever had , their pension .	9	2
If we have time next week , I could step you through our website -- www.weathereffects.com .	7	1
As long as you are a gentleman and treat them with respect they wo n't have any problem talking with you and your nationality will have nothing to do with how they treat you .	5	1
Just take a cart and roam the store .	8	1
" We do not believe the suspect has ties to this school , or to the two girls , or specifically to the Abbotsford area , " she said .	22	2
In 1878 James wrote with sadness about the lack of contemporary attention paid to Balzac , and lavished praise on him in four essays ( in 1875 , 1877 , 1902 , and 1913 ) .	8	2
The situation is also explained by the Asian and Russian crises , which also deprive the European Union of a potential market .	18	1
While other may be ok waiting in line at Town Bagel we are happy with the quality and service we get at Family Bagels	22	3
If they do not , if businesspeople feel marginalised , if entrepreneurs cannot take part , not only in managing but also in receiving these funds , we will have missed an opportunity to attain our objectives more rapidly .	4	1
Since you asked for input , I hope that you do n't mind that I gave you some .	1	2
He was commissioned as a captain in the Corps of Engineers on April 3 , 1779 to rank from February 18 , 1778 .	0	1
The late romances , with their shifts in time and surprising turns of plot , inspired a last poetic style in which long and short sentences are set against one another , clauses are piled up , subject and object are reversed , and words are omitted , creating an effect of spontaneity .	53	1
Two years later when I got around to filling for his birth certificate , I find out he was never registered .	12	6
You r gon na be the first to see the new baby ( woud n't it be wierd if the baby gets botn on Jan 5th ? )	20	2
NASA intends upon retiring the space shuttles in 2010 , which only leaves it with 18 flights towards the ISS .	15	1
But it is not an easy matter to assess how the time savings implied by online shopping , or the cost savings that might result from increased competition ( owing to greater ease of price comparison online ) , affects our standard of living .	11	2
Since then , India has talked peace while always signaling that only the status quo would be acceptable as a final settlement : a line of action that is followed in the case of disputes with China as well .	5	3
These are all a bit more expensive than your choice but if you ebay search the names you may be able to find one second hand ... better paying for a second hand one in good condition than a poorly made new one IMO .	11	1
Pack one room at a time if possible , and start with items that are least often used .	3	1
If you move the line upward , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line below remains constant , and the perpendicular line above the moving line contracts .	6	1
esp if not eating - if it had only happened once and could get him to eat right away - it could have been you missed his meal time and he needed to eat - since it sounds like it has happened several times over two days - then he may have gotten int to something that needs to be attended to RIGHT AWAY !!!	45	2
His church is venerable rich and beautiful .	0	2
‘’ Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , ” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan ’s National Security Directorate . ]	21	2
Well I think that ’s a pretty good question ; I do n’t see why it should , I mean there happens to be no other military alliance remotely comparable — if there happened to be one I ’d be opposed to that too .	10	1
" We believe this is an ill - advised term and we believe that it is counterproductive to associate Islam or Muslims with fascism , " said Nihad Awad , executive director of the Council on American - Islamic Relations advocacy group .	34	4
Sometimes there was gunfire outside and we jumped , even Mam on the bed .	4	4
The term of office of one of the Judges of the General Court appointed in accordance with paragraph 1 shall expire on 31 August 2007 .	10	2
A moment ago , Mr Vatanen spoke to us of lower temperatures , not of 20 degrees below zero , but of 40 degrees below zero .	22	1
The new law is not retroactive , so the taxes requested in arrears from 2006 to 2009 are under the ICI system .	2	2
The origin of the city 's name is unknown , however , the word łódź translates to " boat " in English .	16	1
Imagine having detailed step-by-step instructions on how to do any activity you could imagine .	4	6
European exports rose during that period but the situation has now been rectified .	11	2
I did n't want any more loitering in the shade , and I made haste towards the station .	11	2
His official biography also claims that Kim composed six operas and enjoys staging elaborate musicals .	5	2
When the passengers climbed aboard again , their clothes felt hairy and the plane was airless .	9	2
We are currently living a mile from the town in a house surrounded by fields but the new house is beside a busy road .	22	2
Doves are a species of pigeon , they are Seed eaters , they do not eat bread , or worms .	5	3
This blue was almost the same as his eyes : a milky blue that seemed to dissolve into a mixture of sky and clouds .	24	1
Method Two of Two : Reducing Stress in the Chicken	3	2
If you mean the Republic of Ireland ( Dublin ) then anytime .	0	1
The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns , and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus .	28	1
She was determined to make no end of fuss to get me appointed skipper of a river steamboat , if such was my fancy .	0	2
And do you want to do it on a Saturday or Sunday ?	6	1
Using Alvarez 's dipole antenna to achieve a very high angular resolution , GCA allows ground - based radar operators watching special precision displays to guide a landing airplane to the runway by transmitting verbal commands to the pilot .	11	5
The population of Łódź soared from some 4,000 people in the 1830s and 40,000 in 1865 to over 300,000 inhabitants at the turn of the century , which was an unprecedented growth on a worldwide scale .	26	1
territory is very important to cats , and they are very nervous when they go into a new place - a new house could be full of predators , or unknown menaces - well at least he thinks so .	26	1
This , as well as the deficiencies in the networks of infrastructures and services and a generally very low level of employment , which furthermore is seasonal and lacks diversity , exacerbates the exodus from rural areas .	1	1
Most ships perform this drill before even leaving the dock .	6	2
Today 's decision not to renew the embargo is extremely dangerous considering the situation there .	5	3
It does n't matter how graceful your horse is , or how high he can jump , or how well he does a sliding stop .	0	1
Cheers went up from the people already present who had not been at the ball ; they had decided to dress for once , too , and the two groups of women mingled and exclaimed over each other , everyone began to talk about what the ball was like , champagne came in , a Congolese band whipped up their pace , and the absurd and slightly thrilling mood of the State Ball and the cosy gaiety of the party swept together .	19	1
But its potential for sustained growth is faltering , owing to the imminent decline of its working - age population – projected to fall by 25 % by 2050 – and rising competition from China and other emerging economies .	1	2
The wires have been humming since before the New Year with reports that the Bush administration is planning an attack on Iran .	0	2
I Love Hellada Gallery !	2	4
He was patient and adapted when everything did n't go according to schedule on my wedding day .	2	4
A large number of them are Bangladeshis , who like millions of their countrymen have left their densely populated homeland to settle elsewhere .	19	4
For the first time in the last six years the rate of unemployment has dropped below 20 % , and there are already 600,000 more people employed than there were a year ago .	32	2
The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting developers .	25	4
This call has been changed to 3 pm ( Houston time ) which is 5 pm ( Sao Paulo time ) .	3	2
We go through a number of drafts and then have the editors pick it up and assign the photojournalism aspect of it to our graphic design team , who adds the visual aspect to it .	21	1
Climate is a weekly series by UPI examining the impacts of global climate change .	11	3
( This is a largely Sunni Arab clan , and some Sunni observers have accused Shiite elements in the government of being behind the assassination ; it is more likely the work of Sunni Arab guerrillas punishing the Batawi leaders for cooperating with the Dec. 15 elections . )	9	2
I should mention parenthetically that there is a fantastic launch video — taken from the POV of the rocket on the JPL Stardust website — highly recommended — best I 've ever seen — all the way from the launch pad , too .	5	3
Alternatively , you can take the M1 all the way to the A64 , but the upper reaches of the M1 around Sheffield and Leeds can get very congested , especially in the rush hours .	15	2
remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it , and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time .	19	2
From the East / Arkansas - US-412 West , aka the " Cherokee Turnpike . "	2	2
At the beginning of the London conference in December 1912 the ambassadors of all six Great Powers rejected the plan for establishing an independent Albania .	20	2
When the Soviet Union collapsed there had been an agreement , a recent agreement , between Gorbachev and the U.S government and the first Bush administration .	11	1
The Ten Degree Channel divides the Andamans , which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islands , from the 20 or so Nicobar Islands in the south .	8	3
Using a fairly wide aperture is also helpful in blurring out unwanted background elements .	4	4
Prove , to your parents ' satisfaction , that you , not they , will be the one actually taking care of your new pet .	7	1
What I want to do with the animals requires new material preserved in diverse ways , but it does n't require me to be there .	25	1
The money invested in Premium Bonds , and in other National Savings & Investments accounts , is used to help fund Government spending .	19	2
But what their contented little minds will never know is that I knew it when I took the job , I knew it all along , and I 'll say it now as loud as I 'd say it then ...	23	2
Visitors will not be allowed in the other shuttles and this trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum .	12	1
Sara	0	2
According to Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet , al Qaeda ’s ability to conduct an anthrax attack is one of the most immediate threats the United States is likely to face . "	8	1
North Carolina is ground zero in this election .	6	2
My hope is that over time , internet users will demand this of any site where they invest their time in a way that creates value for others .	10	3
After my sampler & sandwich , I asked for a pint of there Nitrogen Love Stout , I must say I was impressed , with the great taste & I am a Guiness Lover so coming from me , I think this is better , it s less dry & smoother !	1	1
Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I 'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon .	4	3
I thought that since Chonawee has an optimization background , he would be good to have him go to dinner with Dr. Lasdon on Thrusday as well .	26	2
What do you guys think .	2	2
We really enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay at the Vintage Hostel again .	14	1
For example , when you move a Product field to the filter area , you can have the chart display category and series values for one product at a time .	24	2
Under the mango trees , barbers ' mirrors set up a flash in the shade , and live chickens lay in heaps with their legs tied .	23	3
Devolving political power closer to where people actually live is always , appealing and usually effective .	14	4
You should book or ensure accommodation before you board a flight for the Chathams , as during the popular months of the tourism season , between October and April , accommodation can be severely limited .	9	1
Climate	0	4
The other guy was pulled over one day and a cop saw suspicious papers with names and social security numbers on it .	15	3
Growing Beavertail can be done at any time of year by scattering seeds in a shady bed or , for faster results , planting cuttings in a mix of soil and sand and ensuring that they have a bit of water and plenty of sun .	44	2
In 1976 , the racecourse was no longer used ; in 1990 , a fire destroyed what remained of the wooden grandstands , which were later demolished along with the stables .	7	3
Send instant messages & get email alerts with Yahoo! Messenger .	7	2
As of 2003 , a greater involvement of judiciary authorities is observed , while as of 2004 and 2005 , there is a more pronounced participation of the financial sector ( public sector financial intermediaries , National Central Banks , commercial banking and other financial institutions ) .	10	1
As described in US News , a former reporter from the Kabul Times actually may have met Sufaat , without realizing it , while traveling near Kabul in October 2001 , perceiving him as Filipino .	20	5
" One of the reasons that iodine is going down is because people are taking that good healthy eating message and not adding salt during cooking . "	21	2
The sample consisted of 71 students of the Application School of Basic Education , Federal University of Santa Catarina , aged 7 and 9 years old ( M = 7.64 ± 1.12 ) , which were divided into two groups : participant and control .	8	6
To pander to the mythical " Arab street " , of course .	7	3
We ca n't avoid being politicized ( to use a word as murky as the condition it describes ) because it is necessary after all to know what is going on .	21	1
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .	6	1
With the sun shinning down on the spray , creating a rainbow in the foreground , this is the perfect place to get that trademark Iguazu Falls photograph .	21	1
At the beginning of the London conference in December 1912 the ambassadors of all six Great Powers rejected the plan for establishing an independent Albania .	23	6
True to form , the EU under German leadership offered far too little and demanded far too much from Ukraine .	14	4
For this reason , one of the most important and essential objectives which we should set in the European Union is to make efforts to create new jobs in rural areas , outside of the agricultural sector , in sectors such as rural tourism , sport , culture , heritage conservation , the conversion of businesses , new technologies , services , etc. .	2	3
Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and in particular they do not touch women or take things from women 's hands .	22	1
Use the " Subscribe " button to choose what you see from friends and others in News Feed .	18	1
With the default installation of the Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Desktop Engine with integrated security , the user must be a member of the administrator group for the machine on which the Access project resides .	21	3
Action Network is also a good place to post details of events , or try to rally together a group if you want to take action in your area .	6	3
This one person who I never met took a picture of me and sent it to me in an e-mail .	17	1
The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised .	6	1
I hope your dad 's surgery goes well !	7	2
There is not much snow , just a few inches each year , typically , although in 2007 and again in 2008 there were rather large " ice storms " .	13	5
Jacques is ready to drop in a dollar amount on the release .	2	3
There is no passenger train service to Tulsa .	2	1
Various mitigating actions have been and will be taken to provide focus , gain comfort over control levels and to provide assurance to senior management as to the accuracy of the Q1 DPR and business balance sheet .	15	2
Be fluent in your own made up language and start spreading this to your friends , family and strangers !	14	4
It is often said that politicians , diplomats and perhaps also lawyers and business people must sometimes lie , as part of their professional life .	0	1
Also , not mentioned on Microsoft 's " The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown " site , are the numerous security vulnerabilities putting the browser at risk of being hacked .	23	4
You wear your heart on your sleeve ... and since you are an emotional person you are apt to give your all ... heart and soul ... to all those that show you a little affection ... but take care ... it would appear that you have been extremely hurt in the past ... and you keep leaving yourself wide open for punishment ..	8	2
They must also get something to keep take - out warm , so it 's not room temperature at best when you get it home .	5	1
My wife and I avoided doing some fairly simple electrical re-wiring in our home for several years due to overall hassle and cost involved .	21	2
Emerging economies that are overly dependent on global capital flows – particularly India , Indonesia , Brazil , South Africa , and Turkey – are finding it tougher to finance economic growth .	26	1
I 'm not sure if any of you know much about civet cats , but to brief those who might not know , I will quote James Rachels , author of World Hunger and Moral Obligation among many other animal rights - related books and articles .	37	2
Finding a balance between your personal and professional lives may be one of the year 's strongest challenges .	16	5
The craziest part is that they are n't even based locally at the city I 'm in - they just have ' teams ' in areas through the country .	9	3
Europe should not be completely absent , as the states tend to want .	0	3
When they sound off , it is a true audio / visual experience .	11	3
Paul was going out with Heather , but in front of the audience he played the faithful husband 's masquerade pretending to suffer for Linda , for the afore mentioned promotional ends .	30	6
At the end of the 8th century , the Moravian Principality came into being in present - day south - eastern Moravia , Záhorie in south - western Slovakia and parts of Lower Austria .	20	4
It contained 36 texts , including 18 printed for the first time .	2	1
" He did what he thought had to be done at the time to keep the power flowing . "	0	1
remember to visit with him while he is in the room , and tell him how good he is .	12	2
Throughout the twentieth century , the City of Cleveland proper was ranked as one of the 10 largest cities in the U.S. ( from 1890 until 1970 per US Census Bureau statistics ) .	3	4
I suggest a " blind draw " on the teams , best ball not scramble on the golf , and as for the wager , no emails from the losing team for one week !	20	1
Edit : Also I forgot to mention earlier , most ( if not all ) cruise ships also practice lifeboat drills weekly , and it is not uncommon to see them to actually launch the lifeboats into the water as part of their drill when you are in port .	13	2
Perhaps on some quiet night the tremor of far-off drums , sinking , swelling , a tremor vast , faint ; a sound weird , appealing , suggestive , and wild – and perhaps with as profound a meaning as the sound of bells in a Christian country .	15	1
Not many of those she looked at ever saw her again – not half , by a long way .	17	2
He shook it , feeling the uncanny slenderness of her bones , and asked if her name was Norwegian .	6	4
When I met her in 2012 , she had just harvested her first crop of maize grown from a seed specifically adapted for Tanzania 's climate .	6	1
Typical treatments take the dilutions , with ritualised shaking between each step of the dilution , past the level where any molecules of the original substance are likely to remain ; for homeopathic treatments to work , basic well-understood concepts in chemistry and physics would have to be wrong .	15	1
In 1891 she met her future advisor who would help , she assumed , this poet-turned-fiction-writer and connect her with editors : Tosui Nakarai .	5	3
For those who follow social media transitions on Capitol Hill , this will be a little different .	2	2
She told me that was to bad she would do nothing to help me since she could not use or resell the piece .	5	1
Although it pales in comparison to later works , some critics consider it a quality text .	15	2
They are like family .	0	2
Harry had heard these rumours about Malfoy 's family before , and they did n't surprise him at all .	5	3
If Abbas does not change his former thinking and continues the path of Yasser Arafat , then there will not be peace in the Holy Land and the Palestinians will ultimately suffer .	2	2
Troy Patterson of Slate Magazine ventured over to Pacific Standard to sample the new santorum cocktail at the bar .	3	3
Enron needs to use this situation to quickly get our viewpoints up into the PUCT and ERCOT ISO on what is driving these problems and our proposed fixes .	10	5
In 1613 , Sir Henry Wotton recorded that Henry VIII " was set forth with many extraordinary circumstances of pomp and ceremony " .	5	3
You can check the validity of all of this at the Beyond Control website .	3	2
NOW , THEREFORE , we do hereby Order and Direct Major-General Scott , the Command-in-Chief of our Armies , immediately upon receipt of this , our Decree , to proceed with a suitable force and clear the Halls of Congress .	35	3
The first referendum is to be held from November 20 to December 11 , selecting a single new flag design out of about four finalists .	0	2
Place your hands one on top of the other in your lap , keep your back straight , eyes closed and tongue on the roof of your mouth .	12	1
Joe asked that you fax the revised gtee wording that has been agreed ( I believe it was our agreeing to reduce the claim period from 15 days down to 5 ) and the new l/c wording ( drops the 2 day period to replace an l/c with a different bank if the first refuses to pay ) .	57	1
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year .	27	3
The difference is when the cat hisses , that means they are annoyed and they want the other cat to go away .	8	2
While holding down the ALT key , click the line you want to move .	1	4
Then earlier this year these shirts started to come out that said , " Poet says We Know " .	1	4
I love Cuban coffee , colada ... mmmm anyways I found this place and ca n't stop going there , I stop in at least once a week and anytime I 'm in the area for a Cuban coffee or snack .	1	2
Comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	9	3
The one guy who was there , I 'm guessing was the owner , was probably the least helpful person I 've ever met .	11	2
Since September 11 , Pakistan has been repeatedly accused by Afghan and Western leaders of harbouring Taliban extremists who had pledged to disrupt the elections , but at the highest level the US has avoided criticising President Pervaiz Musharraf on the grounds that he is helping the US catch Al Qaeda elements inside Pakistan .	25	1
He said to his wife , Mweta 's invited me to come back as their guest .	11	2
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed , the price was Non-Bondad .	0	2
( The House rose and observed a minute 's silence ) .	8	1
Afterwards I took it back when it was borne in upon me startlingly with what extreme nicety he had estimated the time requisite for the ' affair . '	13	2
British women too are entitled to the same treatment as all the other citizens of Europe .	8	5
The Syrian Air Force is comprised of ten to eleven fighter / attack squadrons and sixteen fighter squadrons , totaling somewhere near 650 aircraft .	13	5
They convince lots of people that they are a great store , when in fact they are a very average place at best , they are just another big box store like the others .	11	1
Tangipahoa Parish sheriff 's deputy Christopher Blair Labat , 24 , was booked Tuesday on one count of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature .	14	1
The theatre has greatly improved the surrounding neighborhood .	8	1
For something that lasts hours , go to the next method ( which is a lot easier to facilitate if you have access to a laboratory , but it 's still worth mentioning ) .	18	5
The sick man was too ill to groan .	7	3
Other studies specifically investigate the use of digital games in the school context and suggest potential for digital game use to improve of student 's attention span at preschool age ( Rueda , Checa , & Cómbita , 2012 ) , to improve overall intelligence capacity of elementary school children ( Miller & Robertson , 2010 ) , and to better performance of working memory ability ( Klingberg et al. , 2005 ; Thorell , Lindqvist , Nutley , Bohlin , & Klingberg , 2009 ) .	47	5
Madam President , I would like to make a few comments .	6	1
Choose to pay only when people click ( CPC ) or see people your advert ( CPM ) .	0	3
By and large , most advanced economies have fulfilled this promise , with living standards rising over recent generations , despite setbacks from wars and financial crises .	16	2
Sure , some items are a little pricey , but c'm on ... have you ever been out to eat in Seattle before ?	8	1
Typically in the back of the paper .	5	2
Make sure there are plenty of litter boxes that are cleaned often .	0	2
Balzac quickly turned to longer works , and by 1826 he had written nine novels , all published under pseudonyms and often produced in collaboration with other writers .	15	1
I have to pick up old gray over at Jerry 's .	4	1
My car broke down and roadside towed my vehicle to Sussman Kia .	3	2
I try to work on a very low budget , and like to build most of the experimental setups myself ( we actually have equipment in the lab nicknamed the ' Nickinator ' , ' i-Nick ' and the ' Nicktendo64 ' ) .	16	2
Unfortunately , Mr. Lay will be in San Jose , CA participating in a conference , where he is a speaker , on June 14 .	19	1
Fred , who had finished his own list , peered over at Harry 's .	12	3
It ALL had to do with the sales guy which was a young 22 year old who had admittedly only been working for 2 weeks .	6	2
The plots of Shakespeare 's tragedies often hinge on such fatal errors or flaws , which overturn order and destroy the hero and those he loves .	5	5
This is a sine-qua-non , and it would seem unnecessary to keep stressing it .	4	1
In my opinion , people can no longer afford to partition out and compartmentalize personal spiritual and political systems .	13	6
Venetia had had a first in Greek , herself , only a year ago , and could laugh over the mistakes .	18	2
Basing letters on objects ( pictographs ) is an easy way to start a writing system .	2	1
P.S. Please be sure to copy Sarah Dietrich and Jennifer Hillegonds on your response -- they will be taking this project during my " hiatus " -- I am moving to PA on Friday of this week , and will be out of pocket through approximately 7/16 .	9	4
Is this correct ?	0	1
One week after that declaration , ONLY ONE WEEK LATER , Brian Epstein , forger of the Beatle farce , died from an overdose .	1	2
Save yourself the trouble and skip this place all together .	7	3
( See attached file : UnleadedStocks.pdf ) ( See attached file : CrudeStocks.pdf ) ( See attached file : HeatingOilStocks.pdf ) ( See attached file : PADDIIstocksCL.pdf ) ( See attached file : PADDIstocksHO.pdf ) ( See attached file : PADDIstocksHU.pdf ) ( See attached file : API.pdf )	10	2
3 ) If he shows no interest in water , then take him back to your vet .	17	1
Key EU programmes between 1989 , 1993 , 1994 and 1999 have certainly helped to improve the economic competitiveness of peripheral countries and Objective 1 regions within Europe .	11	2
Investors are asking what Edison intends for QFs and generators -- asking about haircuts in particular -- and Edison is side - stepping the questions .	20	2
He was three months late in filing a name for the business , and he threatened to call his company Apple Computers if the other colleagues did n't suggest a better name by 5 O'clock .	35	1
Soliloquies had been used mainly to convey information about characters or events ;	2	2
He told me " no problem , we will match the offer or do better . "	10	2
Higher male secondary school enrollment , per capita income and economic growth rate all had significant effects on reducing the chance of civil war .	7	3
In 2010 , the foundation released a typeset edition of “ Zettel ’s Traum , ” removing the bar to entry for those who balked at the draft - like feel of the photo - offset .	30	2
Relief agencies are trying to help hundreds of thousands of displaced people while authorities have vowed to restore security in New Orleans following a breakdown of law and order .	21	4
Comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	18	1
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	19	1
By dumping some portion of their reserves , these countries could put the dollar under intense pressure and send U.S. interest rates skyrocketing .	17	2
Professor Burrows also said resources and kits would be accessible for schools and communities , " For example , schools can run their own flag discussions and referendums to mirror the formal process as part of their own learning exercise " .	17	4
Identify possible subjects , based on experience , a comparison of existing teaching material related to DH ( e.g. The Programming Historian , the Digital Scholarship Training Programme at the British Library and Columbia University 's Developing Librarian project ) and the TaDiRAH taxonomy of research activities ;	39	1
I had paid in cash , and he said he had no receipt / record of my purchase .	0	1
Have both of the teams turn around and have the referee throw it into the grass or pitch while the teams are n't looking .	3	2
Have a Nice Day * **	1	1
I 'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually , I 'm sure I do n't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me .	7	1
( 2 ) Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the author .	12	3
The city has an Armenian Quarter called Jolfa ( originally called New Julfa ) established by Shah Abbas I in the 1600s after he destroyed the prosperous Armenian town of Julfa in Armenia and forced all of the Armenians to move to Persia , mostly to Isfahan .	37	2
The freaky thing here is that these bozos are seriously claiming the moral high ground ? ? ? ? ?	6	3
L'Enfant was born in Paris , France on August 2 , 1754 , the third child and second son of Pierre L'Enfant ( 1704 – 1787 ) , a painter with a good reputation in the service of King Louis XV of France , ( 1710 - 1774 , reigned 1715 - 1774 ) , and Marie L'Enfant , the daughter of a minor official at court .	60	4
Why has there been no Health and Safety Committee meeting since 1998 ?	2	3
One felt this to be his unalterable conviction .	3	1
To provide information on the analytical sample as a whole , two additional demographic variables are included .	0	1
i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland , would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall ?	5	3
As it stands , while the services sector accounts for more than 70 % of employment in South Korea , its productivity - growth rate remains much lower than that of the manufacturing sector .	16	1
Oh , and their liquor license was expired so no Bloody Mary or Mimosas .	11	2
The ACIA found Arctic winter temperatures have increased 4 degrees to 7 degrees Fahrenheit in the last 50 years and should go up about twice that much in the next 100 years .	6	2
He looked at his hands , saw that they were dirty , and got up to wash them .	4	3
In that way only it seemed to me I could keep my hold on the redeeming facts of life .	15	5
Even for those who later abstain , " visual - spatial abilities , abstraction , problem solving , and short - term memory , are the slowest to recover . "	30	1
This has been an ongoing concern for the five years that I have been a Member of this Parliament , and I have raised the issue time and time again .	18	5
However , he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron 's interests .	6	3
Jared just told me you have a BUNCH of stuff on your plate and I think you are about to get much busier too .	12	3
Method 2 of 3 : Caring for Basil	6	2
" Let ( Hamas ) consider me their striking arm in Iraq because the fate of Iraq and Palestine is the same , " al - Sadr said during a Friday prayer sermon in Kufa , his home base south of Baghdad .	19	1
The Cloughs had moved into the British Consulate for the last week or two before their departure , a large , glassy , contemporary house placed to show off the umbrella thorn-trees of the site , just as in an architect 's scale model .	40	5
You received this email because a Facebook member is inviting you to join Facebook .	12	2
Now that 's a post I can relate to .	3	1
The media has tended to overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word " domestic " the word includes a US - based , highly - educated supporter of the militant islamists .	0	2
for Books that Speak for Themselves ....	3	3
When you open an Access file , if Access does n't find a referenced file in the specified location , it searches for the reference as follows .	9	2
Are there any good venues that showcase underground bands , or just a venue at all ?	11	2
You can order appetizers rather than a full meal and have just as good a dinner .	10	2
In addition there are over 120 species of birds and about 190 species of butterflies .	6	4
" That King Shakespeare " , the essayist Thomas Carlyle wrote in 1840 , " does not he shine , in crowned sovereignty , over us all , as the noblest , gentlest , yet strongest of rallying signs ;	1	2
These are concentrated rays , but they do not penetrate down to where we usually are .	9	5
That 's not what we need in our country , folks .	5	2
You can add a security question to your account from your Security Settings page :	12	4
This is the best Mediterranean Restaurant in the West Valley , I have friend who drive from central Phx to come here .	14	2
Yep , the females are just getting to him ... dads ..	11	1
It pleased him to watch it leave his mouth in gusts , disperse , and take on new definition as the light caught it .	8	3
Have you had any knowledgement about pearl pigment .?	2	2
Five minutes before my initial lesson , I got a call from Gerry advising me of his arrival and to come down as soon as I was ready .	6	1
Made an appointment to have them come to the house to discuss curtain options and give an estimate .	13	4
When Bray was delivered to the house there was no one at home but servants well primed to welcome him .	6	3
My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly completed .	1	5
I hope you do n't mind , but I 've taken liberty to turn them into a web photo album at http://24.27.98.30/pictures/08-05_Garrett_Gayle_Bday .	2	2
A calamity had come to it , sure enough . The people had vanished .	8	3
I mean , I do n't care if he does n't know , but if he pretends to know and tells me BS to my face , there 's no way I 'm going to trust him when matters turn to the price of the car and financing .	36	2
either way you also need to keep an eye on the temperature if you are using a dry fish tank as UV lights in my experience up the temperature significantly and without proper ventilation it can become an oven .	34	1
In George Orwell 's influential novel " 1984 " doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as " war is peace " .	27	2
Yes , but this time it is his carotid artery - the one that transports blood to the brain .	2	2
" Dale " means " river valley . "	5	3
A series of scholarly editions of his work , notably those of Samuel Johnson in 1765 and Edmond Malone in 1790 , added to his growing reputation .	14	1
This could well be the day I make the biggest deal of my career , said Uncle Vernon .	3	1
In some respects I do n't think the first panel could have gone much better ; everyone thanked FERC for intervening ( though for different reasons ) .	23	2
It 's a little hard to parse , but at this point his ostensible view is that the Gateses are very good money - redistributors , and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible .	19	2
The Communists thought they could defeat the ARVN , cause the fall of the South Vietnamese government , and the people would than rally to the Communist cause and leave the Americans stranded in a sea of angry peasants .	25	2
If we choose to do something on J-Lo , it ’s going to be something like that , something less obvious .	9	1
Clean the containers and dry them thoroughly .	6	5
Any suggestions would be really helpful , thanks !	7	3
Little by little , Quinn began to feel cut off from his original intentions , and he wondered now if he had not embarked on a meaningless project .	23	4
Daniel Smith daniel.smith2@durham.ac.uk Durham University , United Kingdom	6	3
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	3	1
This was after I brought the car !!!! !	6	2
It has cat 's " Meowing " for the vocals , and you might really find yourself in those furnaces , feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they die .	13	3
The apostrophe has a special purpose in an XML document and can be misinterpreted if used directly in the text .	19	2
The motel is very well maintained , and the managers are so accomodating , it 's kind of like visiting family each year ! ;-)	6	1
Oakland 's history in the arts and entertainment arena is notable as well , as Oakland has nurtured or been a second home to novelists Gertrude Stein , Jack London , Amy Tan , and Maya Angelou ; actors Meryl Streep , Mark Hamill , Bruce Lee , and Tom Hanks ; architect Julia " Butterfly " Hill ; classical conductor Calvin Simmons ; rappers MC Hammer , 2Pac , Messy Marv , and several other notables in the liberal arts and sciences .	13	1
It was , in a curious way , an extension of what he was at the official receptions where many people had little idea who the white stranger was , sitting in a modest place of honour ;	37	1
San Francisco was always progressive and welcoming and tolerant to all kinds of people historically .	5	2
Also , you can set the line style of borders . For example , you can specify that a border consists of dashes or dots .	2	2
But in the halls of the US Congress , few people pay any attention .	4	1
Was fast and easy , Just had our car returned this morning , I would recommend these Mobile Mechanics for sure .	5	2
The most famous method of working to strict time controls ( known as time-boxing ) involves creating a list of tasks .	18	2
Although this email and any attachments are believed to be free of any virus or other defect that might affect any computer system into which it is received and opened , it is the responsibility of the recipient to ensure that it is virus free and no responsibility is accepted by Century Development or any of its affiliates for any loss or damage arising in any way from its use .	49	4
So we need to know the results of this debate and put them into effect .	15	1
If you want to take it a step further , look around questioningly at everyone in the elevator when no one gets off at the floors you pushed . [ 1 ]	4	2
A few days before Christmas 2003 , after a renewed audiotape threat by Zawahiri of attacks , to include in the US homeland , the threat level was raised to orange or " high . "	0	1
As of today , we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders ' letter dated November 16 , 2000 .	18	3
However , he also mentioned we were a close sixth , that is close to the fifth highest bid .	2	1
I will be going to Del Frisco 's in late November for dinner and I was wondering what the dress code is for a female .	9	2
In Pluviose year III ( January - February 1794 ) , easing off the pressure of the Reign of Terror , he took various measures to liberate the suspects .	10	1
Sungjoo Lee Stochastic Processes and Simulation in Finance Georgia Institute of Technology School of Industrial and Systems Engineering E-mail address : goldconn@isye.gatech.edu gte114t@prism.gatech.edu Home : 404-449-1026 Office : Coming Soon !	18	3
To buy into Putin 's sham federalism is to accept the lies that the Kremlin has been spewing about Ukraine 's current interim government and the brave men and women who ousted Yanukovych .	18	3
We stayed at the Menger and had a great time .	2	1
And other parts of the economy that provide services to the financial sector – Porsche dealers and strip clubs , for example – will be similarly encouraged .	0	2
I 'd probably be more inclined to board my two dogs here , seeing that they do n't just take every dog coming in .	1	1
This strength of design ensures that a Shakespeare play can survive translation , cutting and wide interpretation without loss to its core drama .	21	2
She was described by The Guardian of London as the ' Queen of the curve ' , who " liberated architectural geometry , giving it a whole new expressive identity . "	28	5
Your suggestion to introduce the concept discussed with one of the Lays is welcomed .	5	4
Very recently , US forces in Al - Anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing Abdul - Razaq Inad Al - Gu'ud , Sheikh of the Al - Bu Nimr clan from the powerful Dulaym tribe .	36	3
We know , and we have stated as much in very many resolutions indeed , including specifically during the last plenary part - session of last year , that this is not solely a legal case and that it is wrong for Alexander Nikitin to be accused of criminal activity and treason because of our involvement as the beneficiaries of his findings .	53	1
I 'm very frustrated at this point - it would take all of 10 min for them to come by and replace the one board that is cracked ( the crack is deep enough to stick a penny in it and it goes clear through ) yet they do not want to take the time to bother with what once WAS a happy customer and has now become a dissatisfied customer .	12	1
Is this a transitional period for the baby ... that he / she is left alone much more time ?	6	2
Have patience with him , you just got him and who knows how he was treated before you brought him home .	3	2
The animals were all very sweet and patient with her .	8	2
The mixture will now curdle and this is what should be happening .	7	1
The occupation of Iraq has become a guerrilla war , a siege that has lasted more than a thousand days .	16	2
A large central market and numerous small shops are found all around the main plaza .	7	3
Books were stacked three deep on the mantelpiece , books with titles like Charm Your Own Cheese , Enchantment in Baking , and One Minute Feasts – It 's Magic !	7	6
Even if you buy a cake in a baker s you can not be too what happens in the kitchen , for example the cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham .	4	1
When you distribute a Web page that uses components , users who do not have the components installed will be prompted to install the components , provided the Web page designer configures the components to do so .	10	3
My 2004 x - type was getting close to 100,000 miles so it was time for an upgrade .	17	4
Economists at Citigroup , Mckinsey , Pricewaterhousecoopers , and elsewhere were predicting an era of broad and sustained growth from Asia to Africa .	16	2
( 16 ) Priority should be given to alternative courses of action such as self-regulation by the industry where such action is likely to deliver the policy objectives faster or in a less costly manner than mandatory requirements .	11	3
I think Valerie Mooney ( our credit person ) and Ed Sacks are still discussing some minor fine tuning of the LOC format .	6	3
By Juan Cole	0	1
I remember going into Hollywood Magic and wanting that big red box with the dragons on it and I did n't even know what it did .	25	2
In the same way that no country has a law against cannibals eating its prime minister , because such an act is unthinkable , international law does not address killers shooting from hospitals , mosques and ambulances , while being protected by their Government or society .	11	5
Please give me lots of links and places to look !	7	3
The husband of the current candidate for the White House , Hillary Clinton , pardoned a number of people , also including Rich , on the last day of his presidency , January 20 , 2001 .	14	4
In Access 2000 , you can only programmatically change the ANSI SQL query mode and any queries created under ANSI-92 mode were hidden in the Database window .	3	1
Now you can hear from people you 're interested in , even if you 're not friends .	10	1
You might ask Mweta , if you get a chance to talk to him , ask him if he is n't going to find a piddling little job somewhere , something with a decent label to it , for poor old Shinza , he was banging on the Colonial Secretary 's door with a panga while Mweta was a snotty picannin singing hymns up at the mission school .	9	3
In line with Article 13 of the Pericles Decision , the evaluation of the Pericles programme was assigned to the independent auditor of the European Anti - Fraud Office ( OLAF ) who submitted the evaluation report on 30 November 2004 .	13	2
Have they expressed any interest in negotiating ?	2	5
i think it could have been done in a much more cost efficient way , right here on bad - old - planet - earth .	9	2
On top of a cupboard in the corner crouched Dobby .	4	4
A third - party majority is needed , specifically the votes of 367 MPs ( out of 550 ) , whereas 330 votes are required in order to trigger a referendum .	26	3
Due to the Judge in the 1983 case ruling that a CIA agent could not testify using a pseudonym , therefore opening him to cross-examination by Wilson , the prosecution had a problem .	3	3
$ 5.76 For the Combo Meal !!	3	2
This time he claimed to have fought the battle without even bothering to put on his corslet until two hours after the fighting began .	18	2
Meat Kabob	1	3
He found himself tending toward a jacket and a tie .	2	4
The result will be a dramatic escalation in US and civilian casualties , US forces will be required to bunker themselves further into their bases , and US forces will find themselves required to fight the very government they just finished helping into power .	1	3
Indeed , their reports are filled with tales of the " atrocities " of Indian troops on the innocent jihadis .	12	1
it ’s back to capitalist competition or state control . ”	8	4
But during the twilight zone , a lot of harm can be done .	1	3
Groups : alt.animals.breeders.rabbits , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.crab , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.dogs.collies.open-forum , alt.animals.dolphins , alt.animals.eagle.bald , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.falcon	3	1
It is also important to act decisively against the campaign of lies and fabrications and to monitor those Western media who collaborate with it out of naivety , financial interests or ignorance .	20	2
i would n't bother with yoga i 'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem , ride bareback , with no irons , there s also a way to ride on your knees ?	9	2
" The way she drew a staircase you would smash your head against the ceiling , and the space was reducing and reducing , and you would end up in the upper corner of the ceiling .	12	4
Using the drop areas	1	2
Code in a form or report that can not run from a data access page is imported into the page as a comment block at the end of the document .	13	3
In Fall 2004 , MSNBC , relying on an unnamed FBI spokesperson , reports that the FBI has narrowed the pool of labs known to have had Ames that was a match from 16 to 4 but can not rule out that it was made overseas .	23	3
If you 're looking to buy a car , definitely give them a call .	13	2
We have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as AT&T , Duke Energy , Pitney Bowes and Daimler Chrysler , and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts .?	28	5
He paused to examine a long coil of hangman 's rope and to read , smirking , the card propped on a magnificent necklace of opals :	18	2
And , everyone , all of our friends and all of our acquaintances would say , " Hey , you 'd get along with him really well . "	19	2
Last year we just knew we were going to the playoffs ; we knew we were going post-season .	3	2
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page , we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers .	2	1
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of May 1 .	20	1
Till I felt somebody touch me on the back .	6	1
It could look like almost the opposite : literature is kind of arts and mathematics is science but they also see a lot in common and there where mathematician who were writers .	0	1
I have never had better service .	4	3
Wanderings with Werewolves by Gilderoy Lockhart	3	1
When taking on ballet , it is important to stretch daily for at least 15 - 30 minutes , to give the muscles ample opportunity to warm up , reducing the risk of injury .	16	1
On a new website , " The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown " , Microsoft has launched an aggressive campaign to persuade users to stop using IE6 and update to a newer IE .	20	4
Two years later , Jutting , now 31 , is on trial at Hong Kong 's High Court , charged with two counts of murder and one of preventing lawful burial .	24	3
The case on which the Court has ruled was of the religious schools Santo Spirito and Immacolata in Livorno , Tuscany , to pay over 422,000 euros in arrears for the period from 2004 to 2009 .	26	3
After the sinking of the Titanic in 1912 , was there a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking ?	17	3
want to go to dinner with me before you have your ' matt time ' ?	10	2
Alternatively the snitch can be a small yellow ball ( tennis balls work great ) that is hidden before the game starts by a bystander or referee .	22	1
Hi , i 'm looking to take myself and my best friend and his girl friend and this girl i really like out to dinner for my birthday .	7	3
Bradley Diebner@ECT	1	6
Then Harry realised that Ron had covered nearly every inch of the shabby wallpaper with posters of the same seven witches and wizards , all wearing bright orange robes , carrying broomsticks , and waving energetically .	30	4
Well 6 weeks Later when he came back out He was again working on my mare s front Foot and I looked Down and Yeah he had Wholes In his pants In the wrong places I bust out Laughing and He was like what ???	10	2
George handed the hairpin to Ron and a moment later , Hedwig had soared joyfully out of the window to glide alongside them like a ghost .	3	4
With the Taliban failure to disrupt the Afghan elections , the militants are even more isolated from the mainstream Taliban who want to return home .	21	2
Many of his novels were initially serialized , like those of Dickens .	8	2
When you press the button to stop recording the data is moved from the buffer to the memory card - no pause .	22	1
My heart pounded as I walked down and pounded even faster upon seeing Gerry in an SUV - Lexus !	7	2
Should the statue of David be censored ?	3	1
( 6 ) A coherent framework for the application of Community Ecodesign requirements for EUPs should be established with the aim of ensuring the free movement of those products which comply and of improving their overall environmental impact .	2	1
Paul admitted that he made Linda suffer a lot , but he did n't say that it was because he felt insecure as a man due to his womanish face and effeminate manners and also because with his age his sexual power was not the same , even though it has never been much .	9	1
Then one day , Ahmed left the country , not to return for months , WITHOUT informing me .	2	2
Bottom if you are worried about the snake burning itself put something overt it like newspaper ...	4	4
What 's your greatest non-fixed cost ?	6	1
But that was the work of memory , and remembered things , he knew , had a tendency to subvert the things remembered .	4	2
I , along with my friends , consider this doctor to be the cause of my death as he is not even trying to save my life by operating .	1	1
The man was obviously enjoying himself , but the precise nature of that pleasure eluded Quinn .	1	2
On the internet site of Monotheism and Holy War ( al - Tawhid wa al - Jihad ) , the group allegedly declared , " We announce that the Tawhid and Jihad Group , its prince and soldiers , have pledged allegiance to the sheikh of the mujahideen Osama bin Laden . "	44	3
He believes that nobody waiting for us waits for us .	3	3
The document which had the stamp Protected B on every page detailed various security vulnerabilities of the NEMISIS database which is used by officers to track and prosecute environmental law-breakers .	30	1
Animal News Center Webmaster	0	3
There must be an internal coherence in the Commission directorate , while respecting the specific local and regional aspects of Commission programmes .	0	3
Unlike distributed computing projects like SETI @ home , Stardust @ home relies entirely on human intelligence .	14	1
Just last night we were saying we 'd come and get you ourselves if you had n't written back to Ron by Friday .	18	2
If you are moving the line away from the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows larger .	30	3
They are certainly being nasty to the United Nations Security Council in connection with the anti-proliferation treaty .	16	3
This means that if you distribute a Web page that uses components , users who have Office 2002 licenses will have access to all functionality provided , but users without a license can only view the data and information you 've provided .	2	2
When a view has multiple row and column fields , the fields that are closest to the detail data are referred to as inner fields .	22	1
One , with his chin propped on his knees , stared at nothing , in an intolerable and appalling manner : his brother phantom rested its forehead , as if overcome with a great weariness ; and all about others were scattered in every pose of contorted collapse , as in some picture of a massacre or a pestilence .	34	5
i cold n't find anywere else local to fix it so i took it there and they fixed it for $ 150 ...	7	1
Historically , yes , it would happen but not to Adamson , and not to us ?	9	1
BUT they stated that they will take as long as it takes to work out all the bugs so who really know how long .	13	2
You can also emphasize the appearance of a control by using special effects .	2	2
With respect to Deutsche Bank ( "" DB " ) , we have one credit issue remaining , DB would like us to add all the Enron trading entities DB trades with as Specified Entities under the ISDA Master Agreement and we are somewhat hesitant to do so , as this could potentially roll up swaps under structured loan transactions into a default under the ISDA Agreement .	54	1
We 're gearing up for our 2001 / 02 recruiting campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and what can be improved in our process .	5	2
I wonder what becomes of that kind when it goes up country ?	12	1
Your learning of concepts of all kinds combines with extensive group activity , bringing your mind into a whole new space this year .	7	4
The directive codifies the case law of the Court of Justice and ensures that it will be consistently applied .	17	6
The Grand Lake Theater stands at the entrance to the neighborhood that bears its name , a matter of a few hundred feet from Lakeshore Avenue – both are diverse neighborhoods no matter what your budget , be it burgers or sandwiches or a full romantic evening , either of these twin-sister neighborhoods will make a pleasant time , by day or night .	11	2
The intention of the efforts and actions documented in my earlier update ( see attached email ) was to provide a robust position signoff process for total metal tonnage , spread and brand and location a timely substantiation of stock on balance sheet forward MTM debtors and creditor balances OBSF transactional values and a reconciliation of the barclays intercompany account	51	3
Tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between India and Sri Lanka would encourage Sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process	20	2
Making the country safer	0	3
By 1998 , Zawahiri had determined that the Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States and hold off on further attacks against the Egyptian regime .	21	2
Where does our 50 % ( the 1.65 million dollars ) show up ?	13	1
GOODWYN : According to Archibald , Mr. Bush would also sometimes tell stories about his days at Yale in New Haven , and how whenever he got pulled over for erratic driving , he was let go after the officers discovered he was the grandson of a Connecticut US senator .	42	2
The meeting was pushed together by the CIA and the US Defence Department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in Afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged Pakistani backed Taliban .	6	2
Unfortunately , bold action to address these fragilities seems more distant than ever .	5	4
Please know that I have yet to meet a convict who wants their child to be a thief , an addict , a dealer , a prostitute , or a violent individual .	0	3
For better or worse , all the folks under the heading " Origination " and " Development " are ours , although Kathleen has a special role with Development .	25	4
She says , Is that 17th like over past broad .	9	3
Can you cover for me today ?	3	2
--- The Art of Calligraphy in Modern China ( British Museum Press , 2002 )	2	2
Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !	35	3
They may look young but do n't let that fool you , as their knowledge of music far surpassed what we expected .	21	4
In the immutability of their surroundings the foreign shores , the foreign faces , the changing immensity of life , glide past , veiled not by a sense of mystery but by a slightly disdainful ignorance ; for there is nothing mysterious to a seaman unless it be the sea itself , which is the mistress of his existence and as inscrutable as Destiny .	32	1
Cafeteria is fine .	1	1
Canned food is often suspect as to the actual contents and you 're paying for a high moisture content instead of food content .	0	3
Choose great material .	2	4
Would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller meeting in October when we should have worldwide buy - in and commitment to these standards and ( hopefully ) our first draft of a meaningful exception report ?	19	2
I just want to extend a big " Welcome ! " to Darin Darin Fisher who joined me at Google this week .	5	1
Those who were tripped were then crushed by the wave of people behind them .	11	3
Open a blank ' notepad ' file and place your cursor at the top of the blank page .	8	3
All horses I 've had delivered to me since then are happy and healthy when they arrive .	17	1
As far as I can tell , podiobooks.com features " free as in beer " content — material which you can download , but which is n't under a free content license .	4	2
i do n't even like a&m , i would n't bet on them .	11	1
After exposing the ants to the fungus , we took pictures of each foraging arena three times per day , and counted how many ants were present on each food-source .	0	3
Useful for younger kids who do not have big enough hands or the ability to handle two reins independently .	8	2
I am now more at peace and my food craving is about 99 % gone after only 3 treatments .	16	2
They need to see the political dimension working , to see that officials accept their responsibilities and that there is communication with the citizens .	7	4
It s important to their religion that they only consume Halal food .	8	2
I am a preferred provider with most insurance companies .	2	1
We heard nothing .	3	1
" There is still a ' yuk ' factor to the whole idea of buying and wearing other people 's body parts , " she says .	24	2
HR , intended to be a key user of this tool , will not use BackWeb because survey responses can not be made anonymous .	12	2
Wow , really ?	2	3
The system was simple , direct , and worked well , even with previously untrained pilots .	3	3
if it s not available is there nearby alternative to store my luggage ?	8	6
My concern is that between now and then Dunn , the AG have the time and resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief , which could be detrimental to generators / marketers ' claims .	18	2
In 1594 PEREZ wrote & published a book under the assumed name of " RAPHAEL PEREGRINO . "	10	4
Education during the Renaissance was mainly composed of ancient literature and history as it was thought that the classics provided moral instruction and an intensive understanding of human behavior .	23	1
After a while I needed to start thinking about an internship for my M.Sc. studies , and decided to write a couple of professors .	15	1
YOUR education ( the more the better ) and your past work history , combined with a CLEAN FBI and State Police record , and a satisfactory financial history ( no bankruptcies or large outstanding debts in the USA ) are all taken into consideration .	8	2
China will purchase 250 million tons of liquefied natural gas from Iran over the next 30 years , will develop the massive Yadavaran oil field in Iran , and will receive 150,000 barrels of oil per day from that field .	14	2
These guys tried the Ken Lay route .	7	1
On the other hand , the US should strong - arm India and Pakistan into a final settlement of the Kashmir issue .	2	3
Findings of Lapita pottery suggest that early-Polynesians were on these islands close to 3000 years ago .	6	6
" Half of the studies provide strong evidence of a causal link between the biological change and climate change , " said Camille Parmesan , a University of Texas - Austin biologist and one of the world 's leading experts on this issue .	40	1
Please approve the purchase of two .	5	2
In general I would say that the staff is attentive and nice .	4	2
What is most needed in this , as well as in other areas , is a serious in depth analysis of the problems .	6	1
Er – I do n't want to be rude or anything , but – this is n't a great time for me to have a house-elf in my bedroom .	28	4
Although while in jail in the early 1980s , Zawahiri caused considerable tension by challenging the blind sheik 's ability to lead a coalition of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad and the Egyptian Islamic Group , Zawahiri and OBL are Rahman 's friends .	18	1
Education during the Renaissance was mainly composed of ancient literature and history as it was thought that the classics provided moral instruction and an intensive understanding of human behavior .	14	2
This was to be Balzac 's life work and his greatest achievement .	3	1
He is very conscious that money and fame can not buy virility and manliness .	0	1
per our conversation yesterday afternoon , attached are proposed drafts of the Schedule and the Para. 13 relative to the above .	5	1
From 1998 onwards , from its inception Disney cruise has attracted many and continue to attract more and more .	14	1
He was five feet six , I should judge , and had his grip on the handle-end of ever so many millions .	10	2
With regard to criminal sanctions , the Commission has published two reports [ 5 ] on the implementation of the above-mentioned Framework Decision , which show a satisfactory level of implementation .	14	1
NASA has some PR hurdles to overcome in the future .	0	2
Whereas recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom , justice and peace in the world ;	3	2
The first part is called Legato and the second part was called Staccato .	9	2
Genesis brought back a sample from the Sun almost two years ago , but Stardust is also bringing back the first solid samples from the local interstellar medium —	9	2
We look to it to challenge the UK Government , to ensure that the private sector , which surely must be providing the major impetus for Structural Funds expenditure , is involved in the planning stage .	22	2
And though he is not permitted to sit beside women unrelated to him or to look at them or to communicate with them in any manner ( all of which probably saves him a great deal of trouble ) , he seems a good-hearted young man and he is visibly enjoying himself .	41	3
“ It ’s okay , Gram , ” Renata says .	7	1
I wanted to follow up with you regarding the creation and approval of ISDA Confirmations for the following equity trades that I understand Laurel had discussed with you previously .	4	1
Makes me want to race !!!	0	3
I hope everything went all right and that Harry is okay and that you did n't do anything illegal to get him out , Ron , because that would get Harry into trouble , too .	22	2
( 15 ) While the best - performing products or technologies available on the market , including on international markets , should be taken as reference , the level of ecodesign requirements should be established on the basis of technical , economic and environmental analysis .	26	1
Was wondering if anyone knew a rough estimate of how much it costs with travel and training	11	1
Key EU programmes between 1989 , 1993 , 1994 and 1999 have certainly helped to improve the economic competitiveness of peripheral countries and Objective 1 regions within Europe .	17	4
For one thing , there is increasing concern , and that is undoubtedly true , on the part of experts too .	2	3
Either I suck at my own style or Janice is a genius .	3	1
We orderd our meals anyway , chimichangas , jalapeno borritos , and quesadillas .	2	2
I 've only had good experiences at Adorn , I was greeted and offered a refreshment .	12	2
Quinn paused , looked around the room without seeing anything , and tried to start .	14	3
7 . Stephen Covey , author , The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People	4	1
Hill ( right ) with fellow 2012 presidential candidate Buddy Roemer .	9	3
Once again , thank you all for an outstanding accomplishment .	10	1
Łódź today may not have the glitz and glamour of its heyday ; however , there is a certain charm to Łódź in its partially renovated façades and leitmotivs , not to mention its grand artistic traditions .	26	4
Moreover , if an innovation , such as ATMs in banking , leads to increased unemployment , none of the social cost – neither the suffering of those who are laid off nor the increased fiscal cost of paying them unemployment benefits – is reflected in firms ' profitability .	3	1
Frank Lindh Ray Williams ( 415 ) 973-2776 ( 415 ) 973-3634	0	3
Aye !	1	1
Who knows what the future might hold , and it might be expensive ?	10	3
There is no lower rating for Noonan 's Liquor , owners and employees .	3	3
Second , sex was dichotomously coded based on the self-reported sex of the respondent at Wave 4 ( 0 = female and 1 = male ) .	13	5
Cute or not , I 'd call a different bloke because he 's doing a sub-par job at something he needs to be doing his best at , whether he 's flirting or trying to ask you out or not , he ought to put quality first .	25	2
It is short for San Francisco .	1	1
I 'd go if I were you , or she 'll tell everyone in London you were buttering up to the Africans and did n't want to see them .	23	2
These people are dangerous wether they 're head - banging to ' Canibal Corpse ' or humming along to ' Onward Christian Soldiers ' .	1	3
We would like to ensure that there is a reference to this as early as the recitals and that the period within which the Council has to make a decision - which is not clearly worded - is set at a maximum of three months .	45	1
It 's called Kiwi Heaven and it 's across the river from Cho Ben Tre .	7	1
Boxes should be marked " Fragile " and " This side up " to prevent mishandling .	6	1
Peter Percell 10030 Doliver Drive percell@swbell.net Houston , TX 77042-2016 ( 713 ) 532-3836 voice & fax	2	3
The chlorine and ammonia ( choramine ) are not good for the eggs .	8	2
Since then we have decided to have them manage our other investment properties as well as we getting older and can no longer perform all the inquires .	20	2
only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine .	32	2
The rapid development of Łódź in the second half of the 19th century was brought about by the rise of enormous industrialist fortunes .	1	3
Did you know that approximately 10 million Americans are either incarcerated , on probation , on parole or once were in those categories ?	15	1
( 2 ) In the exercise of his rights and freedoms , everyone shall be subject only to such limitations as are determined by law solely for the purpose of securing due recognition and respect for the rights and freedoms of others and of meeting the just requirements of morality , public order and the general welfare in a democratic society .	11	1
No silverware , asked for a spoon for my son s mac and cheese ended up having to use my tea spoon .	6	3
A settlement on the area of present-day Łódź was established in the 14th century and in 1423 it was granted a town charter , along with the right to have a marketplace .	7	2
Finishing the largest item on your list of things to do will make you feel extra productive and give you the boost to do other things you ’ve been pushing to the side .	27	2
Impossible to say , but I guess you would have to work out fuel consumption for the particular vehicle that they are using and pay a proportion of that , and some on top for the driver 's time and effort , unless you are able to share transport with another or more , that would keep the costs down .	11	2
Frank Lindh Ray Williams ( 415 ) 973-2776 ( 415 ) 973-3634	5	2
Unique tree carvings done by the peaceful Moriori people hundreds of years ago .	1	2
that is precisely the time when you may , if you wish , raise this question , i.e. on Thursday prior to the start of the presentation of the report .	7	2
I just adopted a 2 year old male German Shepherd with Major bad behaviors ?	13	5
She says that about me , to my mother .	7	1
I 've also sent over a number of friends to use the services here and everyone is extraordinarily pleased !	10	2
WE HAVE A DATE FOR THE RELEASE OF RAGNAROK ONLINE 2 ( beta anyway ) September 16 - 18 , this was announced by Gravity CEO Kim Jung - Ryool on either 16th or 17th of july and as i do n't want to take someone 's credit's i got it here ^^ GameSpot	42	2
Those who 've never heard of this will be amazed to see a chicken lie perfectly still after these instructions are followed .	3	3
Original Proposition :	0	4
Shakespeare 's plays are difficult to date , however , and studies of the texts suggest that Titus Andronicus , The Comedy of Errors , The Taming of the Shrew and The Two Gentlemen of Verona may also belong to Shakespeare 's earliest period .	29	3
Today , Ukraine needs a modern-day equivalent of the Marshall Plan , by which the United States helped to reconstruct Europe after World War II .	11	1
It has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time , the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .	4	2
For example , a set plaster mold that is to be used for clay slip casting must be dry - it gets wet pulling the water out of the slip - while a set plaster mold used for molding wax must be soaking or damp wet http://www.mikegigi.com/castgobl.htm#LGGOBPROJ	27	1
We 've only had one urgent issue to deal with and they were very prompt in their response .	16	3
I had no explanation for the particular combination of sounds .	3	6
And what is it that has led the Jews to place themselves , after the greatest disaster of their history , in a danger zone ?	20	1
As part of the 19 th - century evolution of the novel as a " democratic literary form " , Balzac wrote that " books are written for everybody " .	10	2
Based on questionnaires to organisers and participants , as well as discussions with stake holders , he reached the following main conclusions [ 6 ] :	12	2
Chairman Sibley and Chairman Wolens ( of the Texas legislature ) are also engaged in market developments .	6	1
Having spoken with Dennis Goldmann , I am advised that there are currently 2 Guaranties in place in the sum of $ 8 M each : one by Niagara Mohawk Holdings Inc f / b / o Enron , and one by Enron Inc. f / b / o Niagara Mohawk Energy Marketing .	50	3
Voters who meet me and hear me speak know that I am sincere , know that I understand the issues deeply and have workable solutions , and know that I stand on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law and the public interest .	48	4
I would recommend to start with something more simple like tin , pewter , aluminum or zinc , they all have a much more reasonable melting point .	18	2
And because of this tragic flaw . . .	7	1
