They are kind of in rank order but as I stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it .	13	Indicative
He was warned that they were building up a huge Army and would eventually launch an attack , but he ignored his military advisers .	5	Indicative
Yes , Mrs Schroedter , I shall be pleased to look into the facts of this case when I have received your letter .	19	Indicative
If you are serious about working out in a non-commercial like atmosphere then you have chosen the best place to be .	14	Indicative
Among humans both males and females are ardent singers , and making music is mostly a communal activity .	13	Indicative
It 's even made out to you .	1	Indicative
The commission is definitely more responsive to market participants that are articulating the issue , providing specific examples and proposing the solution .	2	Indicative
The President is very eager to go ahead quickly and get this vote , because he very much wants to have Samuel Alito on the Supreme Court , to be judging the cases Bush is interested in .	18	Indicative
your lineatus are already spawning .	2	Indicative
India keeps what it has while Pakistan and China ( which was gifted a slice of the territory three decades ago ) do likewise .	22	Indicative
if the trouble goes away with the modem off , then make sure that EVERYTHING EXCEPT the modem is filtered , this would include the alarm system , fax machine , satellite boxes , phones , etc ...	3	Indicative
All the carriers were speaking together , and in the midst of the uproar the lamentable voice of the chief agent was heard ' giving it up ' tearfully for the twentieth time that day ...	21	Indicative
Still , there are questions left unanswered .	3	Indicative
In some sense , Don Quixote was just a stand-in for himself .	6	Indicative
Specifically , altering law once it is passed to accommodate his voting blocs .	6	Indicative
Allowing subscribers is a simple way to broaden your conversation on Facebook , while reserving personal updates for people you know well .	2	Indicative
Good Lord , I 've no idea , I 'm sure he has n't either .	9	Indicative
Now that we ’re in 2011 , in an era of modern web standards , it ’s time to say goodbye , " Microsoft says on " The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown " .	3	Indicative
The festival runs through March 11 this year .	2	Indicative
This magma tends to be very viscous due to its high silica content , so it often does not reach the surface but cools at depth .	17	Indicative
It has always failed to deal with the real issue , namely the closing-down of Sellafield .	1	Indicative
Learn to get ready for practicing , the basic positions , and some of the first techniques you 're likely to encounter in ballet .	18	Indicative
Yes I 've had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the door so yes a plastic cage will be good	15	Indicative
If you plant the cuttings too deep , they might rot .	2	Indicative
Meanwhile , Bank of Scotland customers earn 3 % on balances of £ 3,000 - £ 5,000 when they add the free Vantage option to their account .	19	Indicative
I hope you have found this information helpful .	1	Indicative
One thing that does n't show up in the attachment is the swap eligibility issue .	3	Indicative
Everyone will therefore understand why I am rejecting them .	6	Indicative
Mr Weasley took a long gulp of tea and sighed .	9	Indicative
I would appreciate it if you could get this one fixed today and , if you have any problem with changing the GCP procedure , please let me know .	16	Indicative
I lived here for two years when the prices were a little lower :) The places are very nice and clean , and in great condition !	9	Indicative
I am nervous that my other fish will eat them , and I do n't know what to feed them !	1	Indicative
When I first started doing it I 'd do it every day .	3	Indicative
The layout of a chart does not have to include all fields that are available from the source data .	13	Indicative
They were abrasive and rude - when they were the ones who messed everything up .	8	Indicative
I LOVE MY GYM !	1	Indicative
In fact , South Korean women participate in the labor force at roughly the average rate for the OECD while they are in their late twenties .	21	Indicative
Marx 's work Das Kapital also makes constant reference to the works of Balzac and urged Engels to read Balzac 's work The Unknown Masterpiece .	15	Indicative
In fact my friend vomited after our meal .	4	Indicative
I shook hands with this miracle , and I learned he was the Company 's chief accountant , and that all the bookkeeping was done at this station .	9	Indicative
The Chatnam Islands ( Rekohu in the indigenous Moriori language ) are the eastern-most settled islands in New Zealand .	11	Indicative
It is important to identify the skills and potential of our regions in the hi-tech sector .	1	Indicative
you have brought someone else into his territory , and he needs to be reminded that you still love him , and support his claim to his space .	18	Indicative
He 's not lame , but he 's been having issues .	7	Indicative
In the time it takes me to explain she grasps and loses the words , grasps and loses phrases as they go past .	9	Indicative
He did n't think the Dursleys would like him any better in Majorca than they did in Privet Drive .	1	Indicative
I asked her who she worked with and she just told me ti was the sales manager .	1	Indicative
Sails are not represented in prehistoric Mesoamerican iconography or texts , instead , it is theorized that canoes were used as a primary mode of water transportation for the ancient Maya .	14	Indicative
Professor Eastman says manufacturers could easily remedy the situation by using iodised salt in their products in line with the United States and most European countries .	2	Indicative
Is it possible that you or somebody else in the HR department mark the vacation time ?	0	Indicative
Respondents were provided the opportunity to select more than one race , and those who did were asked a follow-up question regarding which category best described their racial background .	16	Indicative
Retail and wholesale businesses expanded as shoppers remained upbeat , and consumer services companies also grew .	7	Indicative
Go next door to the Ball Square Cafe instead .	0	Imperative-Jussive
In 1835 Maori settlers from the mainland arrived , massacred and enslaved the Moriori .	7	Indicative
Buy a ticket from the driver .	0	Imperative-Jussive
The word ' ivory ' rang in the air , was whispered , was sighed .	5	Indicative
They have the best prices locally and good customer service .	1	Indicative
Reply	0	Imperative-Jussive
Of all Freemason sponsered revolutions : American , French , Bolivar , etc . . . Garibaldi 's is the most blatantly Masonic :	18	Indicative
If they are able to take earthworms uncut , that is really impressive !	2	Indicative
· Thinking up new things – activities that produce outcomes that are necessary , convenient , or luxurious – for us to do .	8	Indicative
He does n't just take pictures he makes art out of them and you wo n't even notice that there 's a camera there .	20	Indicative
Your name will move up the list geometrically so that when your name reaches the # 1 position you will be receiving thousands of dollars in CASH !!!	13	Indicative
Whether you start the year as a single person looking for a partner , or you 've been married for many years , happiness in love does lie ahead .	16	Indicative
It has also become an arms depot of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) , who operate almost freely in the Andaman Sea .	19	Indicative
Is there a particular LibriVox book which you think stands out because of the quality , the overall effort involved , its popularity , or for some other reason ?	9	Indicative
He took a pinch of glittering powder out of the flowerpot , stepped up to the fire , and threw the powder into the flames .	12	Indicative
I typically have work done on my Jeep at the dealership , but it is 6 years old now and getting charged dealership prices just did n't seem cost effective anymore .	14	Indicative
You know Shinza .	1	Indicative
Clap your hands or give it a gentle shove until it jumps up and walks away .	11	Indicative
Greek court rules worship of ancient Greek deities is legal	2	Indicative
But progress toward that idealistic vision cannot continue to depend on shopworn symbolism .	6	Indicative
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .	10	Indicative
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive . Valeska Paris	1	Indicative
When I first get on I take 1 leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with my heel and hold it there for 1 lap at a walk around a large dressage arena .	22	Indicative
This is a $ 200 million increase over what NASA received for fiscal year 2004 .	1	Indicative
Shelters and adoption agencies often do not know if a cat is a good mouse hunter , and generally do not test for this .	11	Indicative
It 's a bloody church , for chrisssake !	1	Indicative
Not to submit to what societies and governments consider to be important .	8	Indicative
We have limited time What are the best sights to see , geiven that we only have a short time ?	16	Indicative
I am not sure how reliable that is , though .	1	Indicative
The moment he had finished , Aunt Petunia whisked away his plate .	8	Indicative
When the war ended he came to Israel via Cyprus , joined Kibbutz Sdot Yam , married , and had two children .	11	Indicative
It reminds me too much of the ARVN officers who were secretly working for the other side in Vietnam .	1	Indicative
It had known and served all the men of whom the nation is proud , from Sir Francis Drake to Sir John Franklin , knights all , titled and untitled – the great knights-errant of the sea .	4	Indicative
Steeped in culture and history , these islands are on the very edge of civilisation .	8	Indicative
You bet your bottom dollar , said Quinn .	6	Indicative
and if he did n't , then Quinn was going nowhere , was wasting his time .	8	Indicative
If these amendmnets are agreeable to you can you please print and arrange for execution .	3	Indicative
The United States freed Cuba ( after an occupation by the U.S. Army ) .	3	Indicative
With the demand so high , the question arises on to who should be or has the right to be the Santa of nuclear weapons .	8	Indicative
When Baptist Pastor Stephen Jones talks about what makes for a happy marriage with Janice , his wife of 35 years , one special ingredient might surprise you : Double - dating with coupled friends who happen to be gay .	36	Indicative
Your answer to a question indicated that I have several of the skills you look for .	14	Indicative
It 's narrowed down to Butcher and Singer , Davio 's , and Del Frisco s .	1	Indicative
Madam President , Mrs Díez González and I had tabled questions on certain opinions of the Vice - President , Mrs De Palacio , which appeared in a Spanish newspaper .	8	Indicative
See the steps for approval below .	0	Imperative-Jussive
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	37	Imperative-Jussive
The bib has a wallet pocket and a watch pocket .	2	Indicative
He could , of course , see with his own eyes what happened , and all these things he dutifully recorded in his red notebook . But the meaning of these things continued to elude him .	32	Indicative
The other rolls were n't at all special , especially given their pricing .	3	Indicative
I would rate Fran pcs an A + because the price was lower than everyone else , i got my computer back the next day , and the professionalism he showed was great .	11	Indicative
I went to work the next day , turning , so to speak , my back on that station .	1	Indicative
Athens was just a small provincial village when it was chosen in the 1830s to serve as the national capital of the modern Greek State .	9	Indicative
The main ingredients of the Santorum drink include vodka of an orange citrus variety , Baileys Irish Cream , and Angostura bitters .	7	Indicative
I know it can take a while for results and did n't expect a miracle , but after 2 months I felt like it was not entirely worth the cost / time .	1	Indicative
It ’s totally oriented on the future .	1	Indicative
They have a natural instinct to hibernate .	1	Indicative
Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal , in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him .	1	Indicative
The one guy who was there , I 'm guessing was the owner , was probably the least helpful person I 've ever met .	8	Indicative
The charges that they have put some vets up to making against Kerry are false and can be demonstrated by the historical record to be false .	4	Indicative
If you change the property setting , the change is applied to all selected controls .	2	Indicative
Cyclone Phailin has winds that have been measured at 200 km / h , as it surges over land will it begin to lose strength ?	16	Indicative
Do n't they understand English ?	0	Indicative
The continued Israeli colonization of the occupied Palestinian territories during the 1990s helped , along with terrorist attacks by radical groups such as Hamas , to derail the peace process , which Sharon had always opposed .	12	Indicative
3 . Is there any cheap way to give it a shine like I made it in a kiln ?	14	Indicative
The meeting was pushed together by the CIA and the US Defence Department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in Afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged Pakistani backed Taliban .	2	Indicative
Updating another blue file because Susan B. , this time , has not updated it to reference mergers & name changes !	11	Indicative
The Congolese band had no idea what music would do , and produced a stomping crescendo ; then one of the Poles played the piano , and Neil Bayley moved in on the drums .	22	Indicative
Temescal is a neighborhood that lies north-northwest from Downtown , centered along the reach of Telegraph Avenue , at and near 51st Street .	5	Indicative
Helps in self - expression and develops one 's potentiality .	6	Indicative
My other MAJOR problem is that he will not get in his crate .	4	Indicative
you 're mad !	1	Indicative
The stampede at Islam 's most holy site happened at Jamarat Bridge , during an event where pebbles are thrown at a pillar to represent the stoning of Satan as part of the final rites of the Hajj .	18	Indicative
I loved the atmosphere here and the food is good , however the tables are so close together that it feels very cramped .	20	Indicative
The beating that these countries ' currencies have taken as the US Federal Reserve begins to tighten monetary policy is just the start ;	7	Indicative
I really enjoyed reading it .	2	Indicative
He was incredibly informative about the options I had , giving me opinions on different treatments to choose from .	1	Indicative
A blinding sunlight drowned all this at times in a sudden recrudescence of glare .	3	Indicative
However the CBD is closed of to the public as a lot of it is still rubble and stuff and has n't been cleared away yet .	3	Indicative
YOU REALLY DO NOT HAVE TO GO .	2	Indicative
They squeezed me in and had me back up and running in no time .	5	Indicative
If you do not smoke , do not move here .	2	Indicative
I shook hands with this miracle , and I learned he was the Company 's chief accountant , and that all the bookkeeping was done at this station .	1	Indicative
You order at the counter and there is a space for tip on your credit card receipt .	1	Indicative
Harry , trying to say Shh ! and look comforting at the same time , ushered Dobby back onto the bed where he sat hiccoughing , looking like a large and very ugly doll .	15	Indicative
everyone here is super friendly and efficient !	2	Indicative
I chose the later , but approached the front desk about the hotel policy to push over their responsibilities on local authorities , not to mention the good night s sleep i paid for but did nt get .	35	Indicative
* Adopts guidelines to improve reliability and help moderate prices in gas commodity markets , and identifies the capital projects needed to meet these guidelines over the course of the GA II period ( 2003 - 2007 ) . *	16	Indicative
THERE IS NO SUCH THING any more , anywhere , it ’s an online dating scam . "	1	Indicative
In Saintsbury 's view , " They are curiously , interestingly , almost enthrallingly bad .	7	Indicative
The Commission 's estimates of what would be health-endangering values reflect the outcome of the research carried out .	10	Indicative
Having secured the bordering regions of Macedon , Philip assembled a large Macedonian army and marched deep into Thrace for a long conquering campaign .	15	Indicative
I admit that , Commissioner , and also thank the Commission for improving its proposal compared to the original text .	1	Indicative
For an American , the most intriguing question is this :	8	Indicative
& I wan na know what food has the game pieces .	7	Indicative
He 's never been sent anywhere where there was anything left to do , he said .	1	Indicative
I seem to be going out , he said to himself .	8	Indicative
and I said , YES , CENTER CITY PHILLY , and he says , NO , Warwick is a township , If you 're at a Radison in Warwick that s too far , try dominos in Pottstown .	2	Indicative
As a result , research and development in genetic engineering is more expensive , discouraging investment and hampering innovation .	10	Indicative
It 's easy .	1	Indicative
You have to keep trying .	1	Indicative
The opinion must be expressed when the vote on the full text is taken in committee .	12	Indicative
PCBs accumulate .	1	Indicative
“ The elections should be a reassurance to all our neighbours that a stable Afghanistan , a peaceful Afghanistan is good for all .	19	Indicative
Our system did not show any other chnages .	2	Indicative
He said they are looking for people and based on what I told him an interview was a formality .	1	Indicative
you do n't know what that means ?	6	Indicative
The screw - up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean - counters ( and McNamara was nothing if not a bean - counter ) instead of soldiers in charge of the military .	21	Indicative
The moves themselves are relatively straightforward , but the positing , the timing , and the elegance required takes a lifetime of practice .	3	Indicative
The European Commission maintains that everything depends on supply .	3	Indicative
The menu has the usual but then they step it up another notch .	8	Indicative
We thought you might like to know who your colleagues find interesting , so we 've provided a sampling of the suggestions below .	1	Indicative
Label each box clearly and which room it belongs to .	8	Indicative
That is some good stuff .	1	Indicative
We order take out from here all the time and we are never disappointed .	11	Indicative
from friends who let themselves go , passionate speeches , raging denunciation of Western Europe , of Russia , of America .	3	Indicative
However , the breakdown between him and Linares and the discontinuation of the progressive line provoked the Revolution of Vindication which overthrew him in 1879 .	21	Indicative
If you get caught in traffic and are a couple minutes late they make you re-schedule ... for 6 weeks later .	2	Indicative
And that huge load was passing into the people that ate this meat .	10	Indicative
Mr President , I would once again like to congratulate Mr Koch on his magnificent work on this other report , which in a way supplements the debate which we held in October on rail transport .	30	Indicative
Owner is willing to meet me half way with him .	1	Indicative
Well one day he said to me You know i do n't wear Underwear as he was bent over Working on my Mare s Right front hoof .. and I was Like Ummmm okay ???	8	Indicative
When the male s aggressive behavior stops , it is ready to spawn .	9	Indicative
And on April 3 his chief aide in Najaf was suddenly arrested along with 13 other members of his organization , and the Coalition forces are put into violent conflict with his organization , which leaves 7 US soldiers dead .	25	Indicative
We also need to follow this up and make sure that our rules are transposed by the Member States in good time and - even more importantly - we need to ensure that they are also applied afterwards .	2	Indicative
Anthony Shadid of the Washington Post reveals that the warrants for the arrests had been issued months be for .	13	Indicative
The inner circles are primarily financed by terrorist states like Iran and Syria , until recently also by Iraq and Libya and earlier also by some of the Communist regimes .	3	Indicative
Ray 's Pizza is just too good .	3	Indicative
They are a great deal of fun .	1	Indicative
Thank you ,	0	Indicative
If he always does this , welcome to the club .	3	Indicative
If you get a good wife , you 'll become happy ; if you get a bad one , you 'll become a philosopher .	14	Indicative
It was the best Chinese food I have ever had .	1	Indicative
They got out of the car .	1	Indicative
I was gon na have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having Having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places I know are denny 's and ihop .	1	Indicative
They went all the way back into town to the flats where the Edwards girl lived ...	15	Indicative
The problem is whether one cares what happens to the polar bears , checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables .	7	Indicative
Prior to Emperor Meiji , the names of the eras were changed more frequently , and the posthumous names of the Emperors were chosen in a different manner .	22	Indicative
Restored my faith in Mechaincs .	0	Indicative
But my wife and I first went there thinking it would be Brazilian food ( think lots of meat ) , but it turned out to be a vegan restaurant !	6	Indicative
Does she have any interest in meeting one - on - one or is she just looking for a public hanging ?	13	Indicative
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch .	7	Indicative
No one 's going to take you seriously if they 're full of typos and whatnot .	10	Indicative
Low per capita income has been proposed as a cause for grievance , prompting armed rebellion .	4	Indicative
It 's uncompleted though , because the word is part of the term ' aviation '	8	Indicative
Certain reserve characters are part of the XML syntax and will not be interpreted as themselves if used in the data portion of an element .	3	Indicative
The two screamed to frighten the bear and warn their friends in a tent several metres away but the bear ripped into that tent and began mauling 31 - year - old Alain Parenteau .	2	Indicative
The mites missed it .	2	Indicative
Yes , poor old Shinza , that 's what everyone says .	7	Indicative
This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by means of two or more elements , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .	28	Indicative
The food is amazing , and the prices can not be beat .	2	Indicative
In fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .	4	Indicative
I would n't have believed it of myself ; but , then – you see – I felt somehow I must get there by hook or by crook .	3	Indicative
Quinn did all his writing with a pen , using a typewriter only for final drafts , and he was always on the lookout for good spiral notebooks .	19	Indicative
Falluja has long been roiled by tense relations with the US soldiers there , since local Sunnis either remain committed to Arab nationalism or have become Sunni fundamentalists or even radicals .	1	Indicative
Three weeks ago , burglars tried to gain entry into the rear of my home .	5	Indicative
What do you think ?	1	Indicative
They also do banners , billboards and lots more .	2	Indicative
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608 .	4	Indicative
They have failed to extend their influence in Europe .	2	Indicative
Save money and go somewhere else !	3	Imperative-Jussive
While this is most apparent in the area of your career , you 'll see it showing up in other important aspects of your life .	2	Indicative
I know how obstinate you are , Festus ...	5	Indicative
We find our seats , two in a row of three , toward the rear of the aircraft .	1	Indicative
At beaches which are primarily Thai visitors however , this is not advised .	10	Indicative
Since fort lee is situated in such a convenient area for those commuting to and from the city , there is often high traffic and congestion on the roads .	20	Indicative
The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced " Vilt-two " — the discoverer was German , I believe ) .	36	Indicative
I trust you and believe that you 'll be able to handle this and all you have to do is to reciprocate !	1	Indicative
She worked with us for over a year , helping us find our perfect home .	1	Indicative
The good news is that all of this is temporary , because the evolution of international law has always adapted itself to reality .	3	Indicative
I eventually decided to just pay the balance even though the doctor has already been paid , but now the collection agency is trying to say another reversal of $ 160.00 has come through .	31	Indicative
Pompey took command of two legions in Capua and began to raise levies illegally , an act that , as was predictable , took advantage of the Caesarians who were in his favor .	9	Indicative
Oh , it was all right .	3	Indicative
A reconciling difference of $ 15 mm exists between the reported DPR and the final accounting p&l as generated on the AS400 .	7	Indicative
Yeah , I see O.J. Simpson .	3	Indicative
A continuous noise of the rapids above hovered over this scene of inhabited devastation .	7	Indicative
South Africa are almost at the point of no return and we have to be able to match their desire .	2	Indicative
Visit message boards and post this article as a new message by highlighting the text of this letter and selecting paste from the edit menu .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Please let me know ... we are eager to keep trading with Global and yourselves ...	6	Indicative
Under the Unitary Executive Theory , the Laws of Congress and Decisions of the Supreme Court have no actual authority unless the President agrees with them .	16	Indicative
I used to live at Meadowrun and that was a nightmare .	1	Indicative
I just wanted to send you a quick note to let you know that I 'm out ta here !	15	Indicative
The corridors are jumping with them .	2	Indicative
The European Parliament shall make such adaptations to its Rules of Procedure as are rendered necessary by accession .	3	Indicative
He was a thin man , going bald , but the little hair he had was as red as any of his children 's .	15	Indicative
is it for guitar ?	0	Indicative
i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice , and in used gerbil bedding .	1	Indicative
Then you are free to do what you want .	8	Indicative
And in these cavities , these micro - cavities form , and as they fuse soils , they absorb water .	14	Indicative
Monotheism and Holy War obviously does have a violent interpretation of Salafism , rather as the the leaders of the so - called German Peasant Rebellion among early Protestants did .	29	Indicative
The program is well established and we have been extremely satisfied with the teachers , the programs and the director .	2	Indicative
But now I had to get ready to go with him to the lion fountain , where most of the others were gathered .	3	Indicative
Dr. Obina told me that his office closed at noon and that I should call him on Monday .	7	Indicative
In illuminated cases are ancient objects .	3	Indicative
Five Toes : Silkies have five toes .	4	Indicative
Gates worked 30 % of the time at best .	1	Indicative
I made sure that my letter would be delivered .	1	Indicative
If he raided our house he 'd have to put himself straight under arrest .	2	Indicative
The kind of laugh they 've picked up from people like Uncle Willie said Neil .	13	Indicative
The young were mostly dead , and the old men had been taken away , they told us , to learn important new things and to come back when they were ready to contribute fully .	10	Indicative
I know this is going to be expensive .	3	Indicative
" Across the United States , the northern edge of species ' range is expanding , " she said .	18	Indicative
Tropical cyclones are sustained by a form of energy called latent heat , which is released by moisture evaporated from the ocean that condenses to form rain .	23	Indicative
Whereas Saddam Hussein 's dictatorship ensured that such populist currents were kept firmly under control , they are now free to organize .	17	Indicative
I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once , you ca n't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .	1	Indicative
He was deposited in an office on the 33rd floor where a pricy church lawyer interrogated him for two hours . "	1	Indicative
Just as he opened his mouth to speak , he was interrupted by a clattering of keys at the front door , the sound of the door opening and then slamming shut , and a burst of voices .	3	Indicative
Stillman settled slowly into his chair and at last turned his attention to Quinn .	1	Indicative
Originally , a proposal was promised for the beginning of last year .	4	Indicative
They pay no attention to signs .	1	Indicative
Makes the rocks crumble , and the first step in the generation of soil .	0	Indicative
They do not have anything from us in writing confirming the agreed changes .	1	Indicative
If you really want to avoid the crowds , definitely avoid the weekends .	3	Indicative
The only neurological sign that he shows is that he barely drags his toes and sometimes has trouble with his right lead .	16	Indicative
Of course , my mind is not all it should be .	5	Indicative
" I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , " Baird said .	2	Indicative
A week before , China 's second biggest state oil firm had signed a $ 70 billion deal for oilfield and natural gas development with Iran , which already supplies 13 per cent of China 's needs .	29	Indicative
You are the best !	1	Indicative
As he crossed 112th Street , he saw that the Heights Luncheonette was still open and decided to go in .	7	Indicative
They were abrasive and rude - when they were the ones who messed everything up .	1	Indicative
In earlier periods the large majority of participants were law enforcement agents , reflecting the priority to establish closer professional ties for a more efficient fight against euro counterfeiting .	8	Indicative
The Galileo and Ulysses spacecraft carried dust detectors onboard that Eberhard Gruen and his colleagues used to first detect and them measure the flux of interstellar dust particles streaming into the solar system .	15	Indicative
On the NATO conference , well I mean the obvious question is why should NATO exist ?	7	Indicative
If they do n't like it , it 'll only be two days , remember ?	14	Imperative-Jussive
White men with long staves in their hands appeared languidly from amongst the buildings , strolling up to take a look at me , and then retired out of sight somewhere .	8	Indicative
Struggling against the currents of human nature and society , they may lose more often than they win - but only rarely do they give up .	22	Indicative
I mean , is the problem national , say between Jews and Arabs ; or is it a matter of generations between an old age and a new age ?	1	Indicative
Very few parents do this .	3	Indicative
An XML schema file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document , providing a series of element names , as well as which elements are allowed in the document and in what combinations .	4	Indicative
However , when you get off that aeroplane , if you have n't pre-organised transport , you will have to walk , and it is a long way into town .	4	Indicative
Bruce indicated NiMo short listed five companies who all bid higher than ENA .	1	Indicative
It was as if with all made splendidly ready for a theatrical performance , a party of workmen with their gear had been left behind .	1	Indicative
Two decades of pickling his nervous system in various highly toxic substances have left Bush damaged goods .	12	Indicative
Humans have five core competencies as far as the world of work is concerned :	12	Indicative
Kaoshikii can be danced for as many rounds as you like .	10	Indicative
yet to understand the effect of it on me you ought to know how I got out there , what I saw , how I went up that river to the place where I first met the poor chap .	35	Indicative
What was the goal for North Vietnam in the Tet offensive ?	1	Indicative
The liq value for the call is CORRECT .	6	Indicative
You can filter a field to display only data that matches the value in a selected cell .	10	Indicative
At the age of six , I myself wore a tallith katan , or scapular , under my shirt , only mine was a scrap of green calico print , whereas theirs are white linen .	22	Indicative
Good day , I 'm a foreigner living in malaysia , german citizen , 21 years of age , I was wondering if air asia recruits foreigners ?	20	Indicative
A series of scholarly editions of his work , notably those of Samuel Johnson in 1765 and Edmond Malone in 1790 , added to his growing reputation .	22	Indicative
Only 50 were marketplaces .	2	Indicative
GOODWYN : Murph Archibald says that at first , he did n't know that Mr. Bush was serving in the Air National Guard .	4	Indicative
Zurbarán ’s cycle of Jacob and his Sons has been on display in the Long Room at Auckland Castle for over 250 years .	8	Indicative
And so he is .	3	Indicative
... but basically , what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy ... lots of patience , lots of time , lots of praise , lots of treats , and lots of repition .... Right ?	6	Indicative
Just enter your email address and password into the section at the top of the page and click " Log In " .	1	Indicative
" I have no doubt that as time goes on , there will be more and more cases documented "	2	Indicative
They showed some kids on TV , and they were quite taken with it .	9	Indicative
This Auster was the first intelligent person he had spoken to in a long time .	2	Indicative
The report put forward today re-establishes its place in the political sphere .	5	Indicative
I am definitely going back	1	Indicative
Mistake is inevitable as long as there are human beings .	7	Indicative
This willingness is the main difference in the number of bombings in the south as opposed to the center - north of the country . )	2	Indicative
Come and have a drink with James ...	0	Imperative-Jussive
Ironically sometimes it is wise to leave the newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs .	3	Indicative
A century earlier , the French physiocrats Quesnay , Turgot , and Condorcet did not see how the share of the French labor force employed in agriculture could possibly fall below 50 % without producing social ruin .	13	Indicative
It drives Mum mad .	1	Indicative
It is difficult to think that Italy has fewer km of underground line than Madrid .	1	Indicative
I also know that you do n't get paid that much more in Australia than you do here .	2	Indicative
The layout of a PivotTable view does not have to include all of the fields that are available from the underlying record source .	16	Indicative
If you keep the cage clean they do n't smell and you can buy spray on cleaser for them , just massage it into their coat and groom them .	27	Imperative-Jussive
Open a blank ' notepad ' file and place your cursor at the top of the blank page .	0	Imperative-Jussive
" The book -- I guess one way , one thing to think about it is -- one of the themes would be , I was given a charge to keep .	5	Indicative
Which elements of specific artworks do they focus on ?	5	Indicative
There 's obviously a reason for that ( lack of employment , low incomes , etc . )	1	Indicative
Vega suggested that , because of their age , many would be unaware of its history .	1	Indicative
Thus kaoshikii is a blossoming of the microcosm ( unit being ) in its attempt to attain a link with the Macrocosm ( Cosmic Consciousness ) .	2	Indicative
Yet life at Privet Drive had reached an all-time low .	5	Indicative
There is no subterfuge in you .	1	Indicative
Edit ... I really do nt think Your horse Is in danger Of being hurt With one Nail missing ..	4	Indicative
I ran into Corey last night at LW s and I am thinking this is a girl for Darren .	1	Indicative
When my server crashed , Greg worked from 7 PM until 4 AM and had my company up and running the next morning .	3	Indicative
On one occasion , it is implied he is an undercover agent whose target is Homer .	6	Indicative
The Ukrainian crisis may prove helpful , though that appears less likely now – which may be a good thing to the extent that one unintended consequence could be a loan to Ukraine that is larger than it really needs .	15	Indicative
But sometimes , of course , when Z happens after X it is because of X .	12	Indicative
An effective way to roll out such support to a large number of companies would be to combine it with credit lines provided by commercial banks .	14	Indicative
It 's a book of opening , Overtures I called it , and there is no end to the stories .	1	Indicative
If the males are released over a period of several months , this would , in theory , result in a marked reduction in the mosquito population .	3	Indicative
I would remind you that Mr Cornelissen 's report has been added to the agenda for Tuesday .	9	Indicative
The message was clear :	2	Indicative
Here is the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday .	1	Indicative
What 's your greatest non-fixed cost ?	1	Indicative
What are some cool ideas for making a postor usint the word MAD on a white paper in a weird or artsy way ?	1	Indicative
We go to Japaneiro 's all the time and we have NEVER been disappointed !	10	Indicative
I m really looking forward to Guild Wars .	1	Indicative
We then called the office and the man we spoke to said he 'd send someone out to look at it but could n't promise when - two weeks came and went and we heard nothing .	29	Indicative
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	21	Indicative
It is the officer 's meeting for Enterprise , and spouses are invited .	1	Indicative
They did a vehicle wrap for my Toyota Venza that looks amazing .	1	Indicative
We infected the ants by preparing a solution of the fungus Beauveria bassiana .	1	Indicative
Radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr said the attack was " criminal " and that " the Zionists have left only one choice for the Arabs , that of fighting and jihad " .	10	Indicative
The reason is simple :	2	Indicative
‘’ Bush was very well briefed before the meeting , ’’ the diplomat said .	2	Indicative
Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .	3	Indicative
They went the extra mile to repair my cowboy boots -- they had to have a special kind of paper that looked like wood grain to fix the heels .	12	Indicative
The first thing you notice when you arrive on location is that the waiting line literally goes out the door and spills into the parking lot .	10	Indicative
We always took ours to dinner and discussed what things we felt we ' had ' to do and which ones we felt like skipping in lieu of just chilling .	7	Indicative
My opinion - take it for what it 's worth … :-)	8	Indicative
Trust The Midas Touch	0	Imperative-Jussive
Food drastically let's the place down though	2	Indicative
These boxes are also quite sturdy so you can re-use them or stash in your attic until you move again .	18	Indicative
A horn tooted to the right , and I saw the black people run . A heavy and dull detonation shook the ground , a puff of smoke came out of the cliff , and that was all .	28	Indicative
Dave has much to offer .	1	Indicative
Dan is really smart and a hard worker .	1	Indicative
these are short term transactions and requiring this documentation will cause us to lose business because competitive alternatives do not have such burdensome requirements .	18	Indicative
Since he arrived eighteen months ago there 's been damn all for him to do except go fishing up at Rinsala .	2	Indicative
By the way , I am interested in re-looking at a Picasso ( although we have 2 ) that your gallery had a couple of years ago .	15	Indicative
School-Camps At Kopinga Marae [ 3 ] also utilise this wonderful national treasure for hosting visiting school groups .	8	Indicative
When we adopt the Minutes for today 's sitting tomorrow , then any Members who think the positions have not been explained clearly enough may ask for amendments .	18	Indicative
Rathbun stated ,	1	Indicative
After checking for signs of fire or smoke and seeing none , I decided to just pack up and leave .	13	Indicative
Arrogant people counteract this by creating an atmosphere that revolves around them , and get angry if they 're reminded of the real world .	14	Indicative
Go to a local market or drug store , and buy this month 's copy of the " Philadelphia Magazine " .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Wendi has worked for them have a look at her blog .	1	Indicative
We do n't have to argue ; we can take it that colonialism is indefensible , for us , no ?	1	Indicative
An F1 ticket grants access to the concert on the same day .	3	Indicative
As a young man , he had published several books of poetry , had written plays , critical essays , and had worked on a number of long translations .	21	Indicative
His actual date of birth remains unknown , but is traditionally observed on 23 April , Saint George 's Day .	5	Indicative
‘’ Pakistan now has a large force deployed in Baluchistan which was not there before , ’’ says Lt. General David Barno .	3	Indicative
The U.S. and Europe are constantly improving their defense against the last murder , not the next one .	4	Indicative
We are so disappointed because we have dropped six points playing at home .	6	Indicative
And that flow , that flow of life , from the very base up to the very top , is the flow that ecologists see .	19	Indicative
I like Hayes Street Grill .... another plus , it 's right by Civic Center , so you can take a romantic walk around the Opera House , City Hall , Symphony Auditorium ... all very beautiful .	10	Indicative
bit of a stupid question but do the spikes / spines ( whatever you call them ) on their side and face area ever go hard .	6	Indicative
They tried to run my credit score as less as possible so it wo n't hurt my score .	1	Indicative
The upside-down trading floor is deserted .	4	Indicative
Which wonderful contact of mine is thumbs upping all my best answers ^^ ?	5	Indicative
He was used to walking briskly , and all this starting and stopping and shuffling began to be a strain , as though the rhythm of his body was being disrupted .	28	Indicative
I strolled up .	1	Indicative
But what their contented little minds will never know is that I knew it when I took the job , I knew it all along , and I 'll say it now as loud as I 'd say it then ...	36	Indicative
According to OECD data , only 55 % of South Korean women aged 15 - 64 are in the labor force , compared to an average of 65 % in the advanced economies .	16	Indicative
Rotorua is fine .	1	Indicative
Do you not think some of them , not all , are getting too big for their boots .	11	Indicative
Several " group theories " have also been proposed .	5	Indicative
In the midst of a foreign - capital bonanza , stagnant levels of private investment in tradable goods are a particularly powerful danger signal that no amount of government mythmaking should be allowed to override .	18	Indicative
We are obliged to participate in drafting Directives and also in assessing their results .	1	Indicative
He and the next brother , Charlie , had already left Hogwarts .	10	Indicative
But your waist measurement has n't changed by so much as half an inch ...	4	Indicative
But I got lucky because I qualified under another category to become a permanent resident .	2	Indicative
The origin of the word Hispania is much disputed and the evidence for the various speculations are based merely upon what are at best mere resemblances , likely to be accidental , and suspect supporting evidence .	16	Indicative
** Google defies US over search data **	2	Indicative
Of course , Curtis , said Hjalmar .	5	Indicative
That is why we support the Agriculture Committee 's call for a framework regulation .	4	Indicative
Darin Fisher wrote this response on January 25 , 2005 :	2	Indicative
If America remains stuck in its under - saving ways but finds itself without Chinese goods and capital , it will suffer higher inflation , rising interest rates , and a weaker dollar .	20	Indicative
Rodents require special bedding in their cages to absorb their waste , and this needs to be cleaned regularly , or your hamster could suffer from problems due the buildup of ammonia from his urine .	1	Indicative
as to what the light provides it gives UV rays .. which is important for health in lizards as it is in humans .	12	Indicative
What we need is a competent , efficient , and corruption - free government .	2	Indicative
The haircut was inexpensive and so were the salon services ( eyebrows were cheap ! ) .	12	Indicative
I needed a part for my appliance , the cost was very high so I said never mind , paid the fee and called a local business for a second quote .	17	Imperative-Jussive
Anyone who would n't have wanted the last drop of your sweat and pride in return ?	4	Indicative
Microsoft is 4 - 0 ( they took down Netscape , Suns Systems , MAC and IBM ) and Google may be their next target .	7	Indicative
( Two people in a cabin will spend more onboard , so cruise lines charge you more to sail alone .	14	Indicative
I could only take it as they would seat the people they know first .	12	Indicative
Speaking in the parents ' defense , Tom Molomby , SC , said that , as the parents came from India , where homeopathy is in common use , they should be declared not guilty due to cultural differences .	12	Indicative
70 m - Estimated number of Americans who describe themselves as Evangelicals who accept Jesus Christ as their personal saviour and who interpret the Bible as the direct word of God .	8	Indicative
I have n't personally but I know a couple of people who have .	12	Indicative
Mr. ARCHIBALD : I mean , at that time , I was 28 ; George would have been 25 or 26 .	11	Indicative
The second-class trading area had been laid out long ago and haphazardly ; shops cropped up suddenly , streets met , the car plunged and rolled .	4	Indicative
Let me know when you get the quotes from Pauline .	5	Indicative
The debris formed a ring around the Earth 's equator and was eventually drawn together by gravity to form the moon .	11	Indicative
A taller horse does n't always mean a horse you ca n't handle .	3	Indicative
It 's principle except a number of cases , for example , the babies are orphans or not to have father .	14	Indicative
The only way to fight this new " popular " weapon is identical to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas : the offensive way .	20	Indicative
If they 're OK with it , we 'd like to execute it as soon as possible unless there are any objections .	19	Indicative
This is a great hospital and even better since it became part of the UW system .	1	Indicative
Very glad that we went with them .	4	Indicative
prime ribs have very good food but it s super expensive	2	Indicative
When I open a can of meat with gravy he licks off the gravy and lets the meat lay .	10	Indicative
What are good B & W software 's Photography ?	1	Indicative
It is pointless to try to understand the subtle differences between the Sunni terror of Al Qaeda and Hamas and the Shiite terror of Hezbollah , Sadr and other Iranian - inspired enterprises .	1	Indicative
I am very artistic so I decided I was going to make her a giraffe sculpture .	6	Indicative
Only time will reveal whether Griffin 's expectations are either exceeded or confirmed .	8	Indicative
I was n't interested in making either of these sacrifices , as I think the world 's how to manual needs to be high quality AND comprehensive .	13	Indicative
The hope was that anyone looking for the Aunt would see the family post and know that help was available .	18	Indicative
This year a newspaper claimed two UK firms were involved in a deal in which thousands of guns for Iraqi forces were re-routed to al - Qaeda .	4	Indicative
He took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of his shoes ??	14	Indicative
To do this , choose pads ( the flat , oval-shaped sections that make up a cactus ) that are 6 months old or older and cut them at the base .	19	Indicative
A shipment of weapons , ammunition and explosives , believed to have been purchased from Cambodia and worth several million dollars , left the port of Phuket in Thailand in early February 2001 aboard the freighter Comex - Joux 3 .	22	Indicative
Beardies are actually quite delicate .	1	Indicative
Events change everyday .	1	Indicative
When that happens , all the substances create a rave and start partying and electrons fly everywhere and what results ?	15	Indicative
The man seemed young – almost a boy – but you know with them it 's hard to tell .	15	Indicative
Putin 's factotums claim that Ukraine 's Russian speakers are under threat , but they cannot point to a single example of persecution that might bear this out .	15	Indicative
The haircut was inexpensive and so were the salon services ( eyebrows were cheap ! ) .	6	Indicative
The Romantics , in particular , acclaimed Shakespeare 's genius , and the Victorians worshipped Shakespeare with a reverence that George Bernard Shaw called " bardolatry " .	23	Indicative
Seizures will occur when the toxins that the kidney normally filters out are released into the blood stream .	10	Indicative
There 's a lot of unfunny jokes that are told in a back room , that 's why they stay and die in that back room and do n’t go out in The Onion .	16	Indicative
I am ready to meet there at your building or elsewhere that is appropriate .	12	Indicative
I did not see the real significance of that wreck at once .	1	Indicative
The stunning mosques of Isfahan are among the most beautiful and interesting in the world .	5	Indicative
Contact the Anti-Fraud Centre to report this http://www.antifraudcentre-centreantifraude.ca/english/home-eng.html	0	Imperative-Jussive
I just want a simple way to get a good deal to whatever Restaurant I want , whenever I want .	2	Indicative
We typically only book deals when everything is signed off .	7	Indicative
We regret this and reaffirm our commitment to inform Parliament of all important agency decisions that have a financial impact .	1	Indicative
The island provides a home to eleven indigenous bird species and contains Mt. Talau national park , with some of the limited remaining native vegetation .	2	Indicative
We were always having our water shut off , there were always people having parties at the pool , even after it was supposed to be closed .	22	Indicative
I asked for a fried egg on my enchiladas ... and did not get it .!	1	Indicative
First , Access searches for a RefLibPaths key in the following location in the Microsoft Windows Registry :	3	Indicative
I left in a French steamer , and she called in every blamed port they have out there , for , as far as I could see , the sole purpose of landing soldiers and custom-house officers .	9	Indicative
as well , your male will be able to see that his territory is not threatened .	13	Indicative
This place has done a great job of taking care of the usual maintenance on my hooptie .	2	Indicative
But there is nothing in the brilliant air and the massive white clouds hanging over the crumpled mountains that suggests exhaustion .	2	Indicative
This is a great place to shop .	1	Indicative
But in the domestic ceremony of passed dishes and filled glasses thoughts of a destructive enemy are hard to grasp .	16	Indicative
Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .	28	Indicative
I see we expect to have separate contracts for each project .	3	Indicative
All their meager breasts panted together , the violently dilated nostrils quivered , the eyes stared stonily uphill .	4	Indicative
More than anything else at Hogwarts , more even than playing Quidditch , Harry missed his best friends , Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger .	14	Indicative
" The Times ought to be stronger in politics than it is in literature , but who knows .	17	Indicative
The only negative I have abou this place is the parking !	4	Indicative
I needed a part for my appliance , the cost was very high so I said never mind , paid the fee and called a local business for a second quote .	23	Indicative
i doing a research paper on donatello and i notice that there are two statues of David , a bronze one and marble one .	12	Indicative
Memon also said she believed the social movement in reaction to Mohamed helped improve Muslim / non-Muslim .	2	Indicative
Back at sea , John had to stand double watches in the engine room because he was shorthanded .	16	Indicative
So , at least , Navrozov thinks .	6	Indicative
Privately as well as publicly , Springer vigorously pursued reconciliation with the Jewish people and took many trips to Israel .	8	Indicative
If your French is good / moderate , then head to Paris without a doubt .	9	Imperative-Jussive
He said , Certainly I thought of going back , then . Before we left .	14	Indicative
It 's fine - just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm .	5	Imperative-Jussive
During the U.S. and Russian lunar race during the Cold War , NASA scored an early coup by circling the moon with the Apollo 8 crew over the 1968 Christmas holidays .	13	Indicative
If Keeper is close to their hoops they are safe from being hit by bludgers .	8	Indicative
Some 200,000 guns the US sent to Iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists , it was feared yesterday .	18	Indicative
The above applies to the Derivative Work as incorporated in a Collective Work , but this does not require the Collective Work apart from the Derivative Work itself to be made subject to the terms of this License .	16	Indicative
They bake bread fresh daily , they do n't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it , and the meat is always fresh .	13	Indicative
The analysis shows a direct link between the number of cigarettes smoked in a lifetime and the number of mutations in tumour DNA .	2	Indicative
Worst experience ever like a sardine can and the bartender downstairs is the rudest person I have ever met .	16	Indicative
I go every other week for the shallac / gel manicure which is only $ 25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks !	12	Indicative
No problem , sounded like it 's done every day .	3	Indicative
There is not much snow , just a few inches each year , typically , although in 2007 and again in 2008 there were rather large " ice storms " .	23	Indicative
" We 're not happy with Hamas 's position at this stage and in light of the Israeli escalation against the Palestinians , " commented Khader Habib , a senior Islamic Jihad official .	24	Indicative
Cook onions until they are translucent , but not burned .	4	Indicative
or do i just show them passport and walk through the gates ?	1	Indicative
It is the officer 's meeting for Enterprise , and spouses are invited .	11	Indicative
You have to see these slides .... they are amazing .	1	Indicative
I would NEVER recommend this gym to anyone and unfortunately this is based solely on the owner 's own unprofessionalism .	11	Indicative
Michael Chestney was very pleasant and patient with my wife and she suggested I go check it out .	2	Indicative
In this day it s rare to find such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash .	18	Indicative
Richard Harper and Mary Nell Browning may have some ideas here but I am sure you 've already gone through it with them .	13	Indicative
Let me know what schedule works for you .	5	Indicative
We look to it to challenge the UK Government , to ensure that the private sector , which surely must be providing the major impetus for Structural Funds expenditure , is involved in the planning stage .	1	Indicative
If you know someone who might fit the bill ask them to contact me and / or send me their resume .	2	Indicative
- it chemically sets - gets warm to hot then cools down and hard and	3	Indicative
select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail above	0	Imperative-Jussive
Go to the website for coupons and join the club - you can get free parking .	7	Imperative-Jussive
I called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates , they were n't the cheapest I found but very reasonable .	1	Indicative
In addition , when you choose to save the data as XML , you can specify that the data be transformed to a custom display format by using an existing .xsl file .	19	Subjunctive
But there are a few facts that we must face .	2	Indicative
If they do not properly reflect the positions adopted , then we may correct them , if necessary .	5	Indicative
They took on the challenge of making my Ferrari all I dreamed of and more .	11	Indicative
I am unaware of the reasons behind this situation you describe though I can make an educated guess at them .	1	Indicative
My question relates to something that will come up on Thursday and which I will then raise again .	2	Indicative
Nobody pays someone to keep their horse in shape and rides once a week , then takes all the ribbons at the show because their horse is good .	26	Indicative
You mean , how did we manage to make it all happen so quickly , right ? :)	1	Indicative
Mr President , I would firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Koch , on his magnificent work and his positive cooperation with the Commission with regard to improving the texts and presenting this report and this proposal ;	4	Indicative
They said he had caused the fire in some way ; be that as it may , he was screeching most horribly .	3	Indicative
" It marks the first time in recent years that China has promised to wield its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition initiated by the United States and backed by France and Great Britain . "	11	Indicative
We 've had a crate made to transport Fritzi , and she 's been trying it on him .	1	Indicative
He said that resistance was the only commonsense solution .	4	Indicative
And China relied heavily on the US dollar to anchor its undervalued currency , allowing it to boost its export competitiveness .	2	Indicative
Mayor Teddy Kollek , irrepressible organizer of wonderful events ( some of them too rich for my blood ) , takes us to dinner with one of the Armenian Archbishops in the Old City .	20	Indicative
Students at LUISS University were told during the course of a meeting which took place in Rome .	13	Indicative
The Viguier and La Conte districts contain the majority of the city 's social housing , where the population is mainly made up of immigrants or those of immigrant origin .	6	Indicative
Oh , not quite ... I must have had hundreds of cups of coffee .	7	Indicative
They eventually turned it over to a collection agency and now will not even discuss the matter .	2	Indicative
I 'm a guy with tricky hair so getting that right is job # 1 .	11	Indicative
Until I was thirteen , I thought my name was shut up .	9	Indicative
We sued Houston Casualty last year but I do n't recall making any bad faith claims .	8	Indicative
The man told him that a war between the two universes is coming , as he and Walter had predicted ; it is for this reason that Olivia , among others , was trained as a child .	11	Indicative
Certainly he fidgeted on his chair a good deal , exclaimed , ' Ah , Mr. Kurtz ! ' broke the stick of sealing-wax and seemed dumbfounded by the accident .	19	Indicative
Those who show up and complain , but are not participating in the working groups and the daily Ercot phone calls , board meetings , etc. are ignored .	8	Indicative
Sails are not represented in prehistoric Mesoamerican iconography or texts , instead , it is theorized that canoes were used as a primary mode of water transportation for the ancient Maya .	1	Indicative
Pedro Sánchez , like many other socialists , said in the programme Évole that Spain is a nation of nations .	15	Indicative
Of course , there are grounds for a sigh of relief .	4	Indicative
It is a revolutionary hybrid .	1	Indicative
And she pulled a heavy book from the stack on the mantelpiece .	2	Indicative
Aunt Petunia burst into tears and hugged her son , while Harry ducked under the table so they would n't see him laughing .	12	Indicative
That s how they were caught .	4	Indicative
This is in Ontario of course , the rates may be slightly different for other provinces / territories .	1	Indicative
You can order appetizers rather than a full meal and have just as good a dinner .	10	Indicative
Do n't stay there .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Washington would really have to anger Japan and Korea to provoke such action , but in a showdown with China - over Taiwan , for example - China holds the cards .	28	Indicative
Knowledge is power and wikiHow has the potential to make all of us a bit more powerful .	1	Indicative
It is often beautiful , but its sentences tend to start , pause , and finish at the end of lines , with the risk of monotony .	12	Indicative
34 - Percentage of Americans who believed in June 2003 that Saddam 's " weapons of mass destruction " had been found .	19	Indicative
Hope you do n't miss it too much .	0	Indicative
An XML schema file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document , providing a series of element names , as well as which elements are allowed in the document and in what combinations .	28	Indicative
Guerrillas killed an engineer , Asi Ali , from Tikrit .	1	Indicative
Surgery visit timings were always made to suit me and not them and they gave me the feeling that I mattered and was important to them .	22	Indicative
The motel is very well maintained , and the managers are so accomodating , it 's kind of like visiting family each year ! ;-)	10	Indicative
Disney cruises offer 24 - hour room services , and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like .	20	Indicative
The reason he said he did n't put that nail in was because he " did n't want to risk it " with my horse 's horrible feet .	15	Indicative
What volatilities are you using to value the options - monthly volatilities or intra-day volatilities or a blend of the two ( if blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols ) ?	25	Imperative-Jussive
These numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago .	9	Indicative
If you are planning on being somewhere at a certain time , one might suggest leaving a good 10 to 15 minutes to escape local traffic before hitting any major roadways .	2	Indicative
Our community is full of volunteers from all over the world .	2	Indicative
Pioneers take a pledge to remain tee - total and at the hight of the organization popularity , had an estimated two million members even filling Croke Park on the 25th anniversary .	18	Indicative
this kebab shop is one of the best around the meat is good and fresh and the chilly sauce is the best , keep them lovely kebabs coming and a happy new year to all the staff	19	Indicative
Be warned - they 'll ltake you for everything they can .	0	Imperative-Jussive
You 'll be making radical changes in your work habits , but you 'll be a lot happier for it , and in the end you 'll know it was worth it .	29	Indicative
The area attracts many humpback whales between June and November and there are lots of companies organising tours to see them .	12	Indicative
She knew , if he did n't , that he was going .	10	Indicative
He crossed the lawn , slumped down on the garden bench , and sang under his breath : " Happy birthday to me . happy birthday to me "	13	Indicative
And those dolphin parts had a huge load of PCBs , dioxins and heavy metals .	4	Indicative
They watched the moths in the tobacco flowers .	1	Indicative
The world may be enraging and absurd – yet at least someone has the self - respect to keep protesting against that fact .	12	Indicative
I am going to try and study aboard but idk where I can go I can not decide where do you think would be the best place to go ?	9	Indicative
Indeed , even in ancient civilizations , adequate maternal nutrition was considered essential to ensuring future generations ' survival and prosperity .	10	Indicative
I am looking for people who would like to play D & D 3.5 and live in or around the Chillicothe , OH area .	1	Indicative
Hope you 've been storing up sleep , cause it looks like you wo n't be getting much for a while .	2	Indicative
For your joke to be funny , it has to surprise the audience in some way , which means it has to seem original or new .	8	Indicative
They explained that elk in Yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams , a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion .	25	Indicative
The act of moving from one place to another seemed to require all his attention , as though not to think of what he was doing would reduce him to immobility .	24	Indicative
You won't see this section if you 've already added a security question to your account .	1	Indicative
Dragging back the little curtain from the oval window , she looked into the dazzling glare of space and said , Glorious morning up here ! and they discussed with animation the cold and sudden winter that was left behind .	38	Indicative
I have a 4 months Shih Tzu puppy .	1	Indicative
Humans also lose direct uses of natural habitat when habitat is destroyed .	2	Indicative
I have been eating Cuban for a long time , sandwiches mainly along with other dishes ..	1	Indicative
The test , along with an information form , is available at : .	9	Indicative
From what we hear from the news media , one could easily conclude that all Christians are opposed to gay marriage .	3	Indicative
In addition , there is also another hotel at the airport as well as multiple guest houses around the island .	4	Indicative
That was definitely the case for Andy when he played Benoît Paire in Monte Carlo in April .	9	Indicative
Your mom just called and said your dad 's surgery will be at 2:30 p.m .	3	Indicative
Remember snakes can go a while without eating .	0	Imperative-Jussive
My cat is a outside cat but she loves it inside .	2	Indicative
I hope you have a good flight back to home .	3	Indicative
There are no other requirements other than we ask that members greet each new member and each new alliance and also feel free to post in any of the forums .	1	Indicative
Glad I called before I arrived with my box to ship .	2	Indicative
Using an original technique , Shen successfully dredged the canal and demonstrated the formidable value of the silt gathered as a fertilizer .	11	Indicative
jill allen finishes her cpa today and she and her friends are going to party .	2	Indicative
He was the co-founder of the National Democratic Party in Iraq .	1	Indicative
Oakland as a city reflects the amazing diversity of its residents and long history .	4	Indicative
Quinn had his doubts , but this was all he had to go on , his only bridge to the present .	7	Indicative
To modern audiences , most of whom will have little experience of frontline conflict , Doss ’s feats belong to the realm of the unimaginable .	18	Indicative
My cat had a seizure yesterday and was ill .	7	Indicative
Fish are probably the easiest to take care of though .	1	Indicative
Do n't be so ridiculous , Fred , said Mrs Weasley , her cheeks rather pink .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Our waiter quickly grasped the fact that I like Ginger ale and rather spicy foods while my wife 's taste ran to lemonade and less spicy fare .	3	Indicative
In Agra I 've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended , they found it in the Rough Guide .	13	Indicative
( 3 ) These rights and freedoms may in no case be exercised contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations .	7	Indicative
if everything is filtered , and you still have this problem - try changing the filter - if it is still there , try doubling up on the filters ...	12	Imperative-Jussive
Again there is no official written statement from Sistani 's office confirming this allegation , which I think is intentional .	2	Indicative
That demand also led to the production of several fake portraits , as well as mis - attributions , repaintings and relabelling of portraits of other people .	3	Indicative
He has a full youthful clever face ; a black beard , small and tidy .	1	Indicative
On Monday I called and again it was a big to - do to find anyone who knew anything about it .	3	Indicative
that is precisely the time when you may , if you wish , raise this question , i.e. on Thursday prior to the start of the presentation of the report .	13	Indicative
Hamnet died of unknown causes at the age of 11 and was buried 11 August 1596 .	11	Indicative
This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave because other people were waiting .	1	Indicative
I really enjoyed meeting her and happy to learn she comes from Oklahoma and has the values of a solid no bs country girl .	14	Indicative
When someone comes in , say , " I 've got this , " before you push all of the buttons .	2	Indicative
If you move the line upward , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line below remains constant , and the perpendicular line above the moving line contracts .	19	Indicative
He had never mentioned his Gringotts bank account to the Dursleys ; he did n't think their horror of anything connected with magic would stretch to a large pile of gold .	1	Indicative
An ancient town and capital of Persia from 1598 to 1722 , it was long noted for its fine carpets and silver filigree .	13	Indicative
Whenever you are presented with something that you do n’t want to do or would consider putting off , ask yourself , “ will this take me less than two minutes to finish ? ”	8	Indicative
If the House agrees , I shall do as Mr Evans has suggested .	11	Indicative
The first was to tell himself that he was no longer Daniel Quinn .	8	Indicative
Closing Loopholes and putting in place a system that is transparent and works .	12	Indicative
Why certain slogans work and why some do n't .	7	Indicative
However , I did not find her very helpful and her receptionist was rude .	12	Indicative
I 'm mostly joking when I talk about suicide and really I 'm not that stupid I just get in stupid situations D:	12	Indicative
I 'm a soccer mom so I was n't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear .	12	Indicative
Sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront , and it is on a one - way street , but the restaurant itself is NEVER overcrowded .	18	Indicative
We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected , but let me know what we can do .	22	Indicative
I must confess I am totally surprised that the Commission was not aware of this report , given its sensitivity at this particular time .	4	Indicative
Senator Patrick Leahy at a Congressional hearing in the Spring of 2002 noted that the FBI had collected the Ames strain from 20 sources .	12	Indicative
He was sent to France to have insignias made for members of the Society , a group of veterans of the war .	1	Indicative
He resembled a pilot , which to a seaman is trustworthiness personified .	9	Indicative
I am not sure how reliable that is , though .	7	Indicative
I 'm not worried at that level .	1	Indicative
At just 20 , she is a strong voice against bullying and a positive one in helping girls embrace their own standards of beauty .	5	Indicative
i think Miramar was a famous goat trainer or something .	1	Indicative
The next day , two of Hathaway 's neighbours posted bonds guaranteeing that no lawful claims impeded the marriage .	9	Indicative
I want to present to you a suite of six mycological solutions , using fungi , and these solutions are based on mycelium .	1	Indicative
You do realise it is quite expensive to visit Ireland ?	1	Indicative
North / South is divided by Admiral Blvd .	3	Indicative
Readers of the Savage Love advice column selected a new definition for the Senator ’s last name , and Savage created a website SpreadingSantorum.com to promulgate the spread of the phenomenon .	20	Indicative
This I would have read without flinching in Chicago but in Jerusalem I flinched and put the book down .	15	Indicative
Since work has gone to hell , I am hoping to find some excitement in the possibility that LSU may play in the Cotton Bowl ( if Rohan " Alabama " Davey shows up for the next 3 games . )	8	Indicative
But the impact of Hispania in the newcomers was also big .	8	Indicative
Now suppose , instead of Styrofoam peanuts , we take these lovely little chocolates that we get and we had those instead .	19	Indicative
You received this email because a Facebook member is inviting you to join Facebook .	8	Indicative
So , I believe the invention of the computer Internet is an inevitable consequence of a previously proven , biologically successful model .	3	Indicative
No one took the trouble to grunt even ; and presently he said , very slow –	2	Indicative
He was quite a nice young man in Dar-es-Salaam .	1	Indicative
Before and during his career as a writer , he attempted to be a publisher , printer , businessman , critic , and politician ;	10	Indicative
Michelangelo made the marble one but why did he do another if Donatello had already made one ?	13	Indicative
Shakespeare 's next comedy , the equally romantic Merchant of Venice , contains a portrayal of the vengeful Jewish moneylender Shylock , which reflects Elizabethan views but may appear derogatory to modern audiences .	27	Indicative
We had an inside cabin and it is what I would recommend .	1	Indicative
In part because of that reputation , the gray wolf was nearly exterminated from the lower 48 states by the 1920s , except for a small remnant population on Isle Royale National Park in Michigan 's Lake Superior .	10	Indicative
It only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa .	20	Indicative
And this is the paradigm that we see throughout the universe .	7	Indicative
Additionally , when there was confusion ( my fault ) , they left me flowers along with a personalized gift .	12	Indicative
I meant " please " ! said Harry quickly .	1	Indicative
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .	19	Indicative
The best value I 've found from a Chinese restaurant .	4	Indicative
He paid no attention to my explanations , and , playing with a stick of sealing-wax , repeated several times that the situation was ' very grave , very grave . '	23	Indicative
It could , but Marx 's mistake was not a new one .	7	Indicative
Paul McCartney said that George Harrison is a nothing .	2	Indicative
Made an appointment to have them come to the house to discuss curtain options and give an estimate .	0	Indicative
Sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront , and it is on a one - way street , but the restaurant itself is NEVER overcrowded .	2	Indicative
Few analysts believe that the published collection follows Shakespeare 's intended sequence .	7	Indicative
This call has been changed to 3 pm ( Houston time ) which is 5 pm ( Sao Paulo time ) .	2	Indicative
They say adding the mineral to salt is the simplest and most effective method of preventing iodine deficiency disorders .	1	Indicative
She had to hack her way through the ceiling of her beauty shop as flood waters rose in the city of half a million people - much of which lies below sea level .	1	Indicative
The Arab Revolt which began in 1916 turned the tide against the Ottomans on the Middle Eastern front , where they initially seemed to have the upper hand during the first two years of the war .	4	Indicative
With your help , we know she can do it !!	5	Indicative
Did she ever go to a real doctor ?	0	Indicative
Just keep a window open for a while for fresh air to circulate .	1	Imperative-Jussive
The plane is based in the Chathams and flies to mainland New Zealand in the morning , then back to the Chathams in the afternoon .	8	Indicative
If you hear a lot of awkward pauses or “ah”s or “um”s , your joke isn ’t ready and you need to practice more . [ 8 ]	20	Indicative
I will bear in mind however , as these debates are of especial interest to me , that Spain has been particularly affected .	19	Indicative
My pup has a wonderful temperment and has been a wonderful addition to my family !	2	Indicative
Dudley hitched up his trousers , which were slipping down his fat bottom .	1	Indicative
They happened in the Philippines which , like Pakistan , is an important and vulnerable node for the business which intelligence agencies and terrorist organizations conduct with each other .	10	Indicative
If India could transform its IP regime to resemble the US system , which is more robust than China 's , the benefits would be even greater .	23	Indicative
I agree with what the concern is below .	1	Indicative
and there prices are really good !	3	Indicative
Loads of places have geographical hazards , if you are constantly paranoid , you 'll never get anywhere without a sense of adventure .	3	Indicative
Papua New Guinea is often labelled as potentially the worst place in the world for gender violence .	3	Indicative
He decided just to drop the first one he caught over the hedge , but the gnome , sensing weakness , sank its razor-sharp teeth into Harry 's finger and he had a hard job shaking it off until –	9	Indicative
The EU is an inspiring political structure that seeks to break the mold of the nineteenth - century nation - state .	2	Indicative
They were conquerors , and for that you want only brute force – nothing to boast of , when you have it , since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others .	20	Indicative
When he swivels his head to go for it anyway , tell him sharp " UH UH " gently correct him with a small tug and continue your walk .	2	Indicative
a few squeaks from a wheel are better than the full wrath of a bored pet !	6	Indicative
These are two areas of action which I invite the Commissioner to set up and in which I would ask him to involve us .	8	Indicative
The broker called back shortly after I spoke to you to let me know that the kestrel air park building and the strip center at fm78 & walzem had both sold .	28	Indicative
Below I pasted the email text , and it has a link to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created .	2	Indicative
Licensor shall not be bound by any additional provisions that may appear in any communication from You .	1	Indicative
Madam President , I do not wish to reopen the debate , but I had also asked for the floor , to comment on Mr Barón Crespo 's motion .	4	Indicative
If you want cheaply made glass from India and China , this is not your place .	12	Indicative
The smartphone generation received an app it deserved , where , in the best case scenario , the most idiotic situation received an audience of millions .	21	Indicative
My Group will therefore support the common position and looks forward to the enactment of the legislation which will provide us with yet another tool in our fight to make transport in the European Union as safe as possible .	18	Indicative
I also have a profile they fill out for me , a mini-MMPI that I developed , so that I have an idea -- Rebecca and I put it together	15	Indicative
This means that they have not benefited from the uplift that the fall in sterling has given to overseas assets .	1	Indicative
Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization ?	7	Indicative
It is a fairly standard , fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar .	1	Indicative
A clean and redlined version are attached .	5	Indicative
He will call you back I m sure !	6	Indicative
Dr. Aster and her team have been a strong advocate in the health of both my daughters .	5	Indicative
Our son 's comment was the best , I think .	4	Indicative
Deb Watson is the contact person and she and the rest of the staff were great !!!	14	Indicative
She still has some sort of scholarship but I am not for sure how much it pays .	2	Indicative
The train was due to arrive in time , and from his vantage in the center of the doorway , Quinn judged that his chances of seeing Stillman were good .	2	Indicative
" There 's no tracking mechanism in place " ?!?!?	2	Indicative
Since I 'm usually at work late Deb has stayed around to help me out when needed .	2	Indicative
But I also hope no one feels any obligation to download , especially if you have an internet connection as slow mine ( 28 k ) .	6	Indicative
My heart pounded as I walked down and pounded even faster upon seeing Gerry in an SUV - Lexus !	5	Indicative
I want to go all over :) I do n't have a set route yet .	8	Indicative
It 's good chatting with you .	1	Indicative
On September 9 , 2002 , Aldrin was lured to a Beverly Hills hotel on the pretext of being interviewed for a Japanese children 's television show on the subject of space .	7	Indicative
Londoners flocked there to see the first part of Henry IV , Leonard Digges recording , " Let but Falstaff come , Hal , Poins , the rest ... and you scarce shall have a room " .	1	Indicative
We always seem to have just a little bit of a chill out at the World Cup .	2	Indicative
This gave us the data that ants choose more medicine after they have been infected .	1	Indicative
Call them today !	0	Imperative-Jussive
I considered just leaving after going inside and nearly did .	9	Indicative
“ Nonetheless , ” the traveler said , and she walked out .	6	Indicative
We had 30 guests for the event , and everyone came away from the evening impressed with not only the food , but the outstanding service as well .	10	Indicative
As Shakespeare 's mastery grew , he gave his characters clearer and more varied motivations and distinctive patterns of speech .	4	Indicative
Using the Save As command on the File menu will save a data access page that is similar in appearance and functionality to the original report .	16	Indicative
Yep , unless you 're a coroner or some sort of crazy spy / criminologist you probably do n't have this stuff lying around the house ( hopefully not ... ) .	17	Indicative
You see , said Quinn , I 'm not making it up . I even have proof .	3	Indicative
Your suggestion to introduce the concept discussed with one of the Lays is welcomed .	12	Indicative
But since in my country it lasts for minimum 6 years , and I want to go aground the world , what do you think , should I do it before or after medical school ?	6	Indicative
The remodelling of some roads near bottleneck junctions to accommodate bicycle lanes has made traffic jams even worse still in recent years , and parking in the city centre is very expensive .	29	Indicative
It can also make him or her question your motives , leading the person to believe that you may be trying to get something out of him or her .	7	Indicative
Here 's what we know .	1	Indicative
Speaking of Fallujah , we have only Al - Jazeera to rely on for our news from there .	5	Indicative
However there are many MLAs with deeply - held religious beliefs who oppose any new legislation .	12	Indicative
Department of Labor Findings on the Worst Forms of Child Labor reported that 56 % of children aged 5 to 14 were working children and that almost 53 % of children aged 7 to 14 combined work and school .	21	Indicative
Who is artist Gunther Uecker ; explain ?	1	Indicative
Alike ... both were fought for securities reasons by the US ( no matter what the liberal revisionist historians tell you ) .	3	Indicative
Our web address is http://www.accenture.com	3	Indicative
But the bigger problem is that Ukraine does not really need a massive loan from the IMF .	7	Indicative
I read somewhere that you have to hold his mouth together , and keep it that way til he panics .	19	Indicative
We hauled the horse to Windsor and got him treated there .	9	Indicative
For example , is the system of Crowleyan Thelema a failed alchemical process ?	3	Indicative
As he weighed sixteen stone I had no end of rows with the carriers .	2	Indicative
This is the year you 're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world , as expansion is the theme .	22	Indicative
and I said , YES , CENTER CITY PHILLY , and he says , NO , Warwick is a township , If you 're at a Radison in Warwick that s too far , try dominos in Pottstown .	34	Imperative-Jussive
I was appalled .	1	Indicative
When she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney .	19	Indicative
Thomas Sam , 42 , and his wife Manju Sam , 36 , from Sydney , Australia , are undergoing trial for manslaughter by gross negligence for the death of their nine-month-old child , Gloria .	18	Indicative
He is very professional in his position as a director and yet he still made time to be compassionate for what we were all going through .	22	Indicative
I 've been doing this professionally since I was in my twenties , and before that since I was sixteen doing little tidbit poetry readings in coffeehouses .	1	Indicative
KENNEDY filed an opinion concurring in part , in which SOUTER , GINSBURG , and BREYER joined as to Parts I and II .	1	Indicative
the strange shyness of twenty-two years of marriage made it impossible for her to say : Do you want to go ?	16	Indicative
My vet told me when a dog is vomiting a lot , it could be a sign of obstruction .	7	Indicative
Not what i expected !	3	Indicative
The new TW Hotline was implemented Monday which included customer notification in the form of a Popup message in TMS and a Critical Notice which sent an Email .	8	Indicative
Attached is my draft of a request for rehearing .	1	Indicative
“ Do n’t you quote the founders at me , ” Derya snaps .	12	Indicative
This enables you to seal the containers quickly after filling .	1	Indicative
Filters are additive .	1	Indicative
It also helps to mask the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning .	2	Indicative
They become accomplices , by omission , and this applies to political leaders , intellectuals , business people and many others .	1	Indicative
I mentioned it to my boss and she said to start doing yoga .	1	Indicative
Meanwhile , his place in tribune was occupied by Marco Antonio , who held the position until December .	13	Indicative
As of April 1828 Balzac owed 50,000 francs to his mother .	5	Indicative
and she was always really shy to show that off to people , and I wanted to help her show that stuff , and I wanted to bring it out to the world .	2	Indicative
Pros : * Jill , the owner , is very nice and really cares about her feedback * Pretty nice atmosphere * Great Dessert * Not your typical veggie selection , I like !	13	Indicative
Some reporters ( you know , the ones with journalistic ethics ) have actually uncovered the truth about George Bush 's service in the Texas Air National Guard .	12	Indicative
Stillman 's behavior had been too obscure to give any hints .	3	Indicative
Unless you want to take the " tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she 's obviously not loving " approach which will likely get you ... uh ... nowhere .	2	Indicative
If desired , the snitch is able to do whatever he or she wants to avoid capture .	5	Indicative
We wait for a few minutes .	1	Indicative
The literary critic A. C. Bradley described this style as " more concentrated , rapid , varied , and , in construction , less regular , not seldom twisted or elliptical " .	6	Indicative
" He argues ( in a speech revealingly entitled " The Contribution of the Financial Sector : Miracle or Mirage ? " ) that the financial sector 's reported contribution to GDP has been significantly overrated .	32	Indicative
I highly recommend this dealership if you would not like to hassle on price and receive friendly service .	15	Indicative
I did n't fought is it good or not than .	4	Indicative
We returned after 3 PM , found no one there , and a note from the innkeeper with directions to our room .	6	Indicative
remember to bring cash since they do n't take debit or credit .	6	Indicative
He is delighted to be here , and he is suffering the one activates the other .	13	Indicative
We went to Kobey s on Saturday and had our whole team s uniforms done !	1	Indicative
My daughter and I stayed here again from the 7th to the 14th of December .	4	Indicative
A black man in khaki shorts ( used to be a white man in white stockings ) sprayed a cloyingly perfumed insecticide over the passengers ' heads as a precaution against the plane harbouring mosquitoes and tsetse flies .	17	Indicative
We then housed the ants in nests I made using Y-tong [ aerated concrete ] .	8	Indicative
Like the sushi , do n't like the pad thai .	0	Indicative
We must ask ourselves a fundamental question :	1	Indicative
When she was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease the doctor gave her 13 years to live .	2	Indicative
Timothy Odara 's fine teeth were bared in impatient pleasantness .	5	Indicative
When you discussed it , i was trying to think back to our remedies and discussions but the 3 years have made it difficult .	2	Indicative
The Mission was basically latin - american .	2	Indicative
The fellow was carrying papers from Zawahiri and bragging about his ability to manipulate anthrax .	2	Indicative
So we need to know the results of this debate and put them into effect .	2	Indicative
This strength of design ensures that a Shakespeare play can survive translation , cutting and wide interpretation without loss to its core drama .	9	Indicative
If the correct legal name is not in Global Counterparty , the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on it seriously compromising the contract itself .	13	Indicative
10 - Number of fellow members from the Yale secret society Skull and Bones that Bush has named to important positions ( including the Associate Attorney General Robert McCallum Jr. and SEC chief Bill Donaldson ) .	16	Indicative
The other staff reports are also looking good .	4	Indicative
He prayed to himself for deliverance .	1	Indicative
I 'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow .	1	Indicative
Wilkes was re-elected and expelled twice more , before the House of Commons resolved that his candidature was invalid and declared the runner - up as the victor .	1	Indicative
Such measures include information exchange ( seminars , workshops , meetings and conferences ) , placements and exchanges of staff , as well as technical , scientific and operational back-up .	2	Indicative
Alternatively the snitch can be a small yellow ball ( tennis balls work great ) that is hidden before the game starts by a bystander or referee .	16	Indicative
It 's in an area starting with a P , many tourist hotels there and the location is very nice .	1	Indicative
Are you back in the office yet ?	0	Indicative
In 1893 , Higuchi , her mother and her sister abandoned their middle class house and , with a grim determination to survive , moved to a poor neighborhood where they opened a stationery store that before long failed .	38	Indicative
Try Varkala , it s a ammazing and is by the beach .	4	Indicative
In Thessaly he defeated his enemies and by 352 , he was firmly in control of this region .	11	Indicative
Start with small amount of vodka and Skittles at first to experiment which combination of taste suits you best .	16	Indicative
Please choose the parakeet ...	1	Imperative-Jussive
They sent over someone who said he knows nothing about curtains and could not show me fabric options or give an estimate .	7	Indicative
Gracee is more excited to see her than she is to see me !!!!	1	Indicative
I 've already made my XMAS plans .	1	Indicative
we made people very unhappy , and we made them unhealthy .	8	Indicative
The two lay their eggs inside the cave you made for them .	2	Indicative
How do people subscribe to my updates ?	3	Indicative
This is a delivery office only and does not take walk ins but they do have a blue box out front .	7	Indicative
There are many reasons to say Disney cruise is the best bet for you to have a enjoyable holiday tour .	1	Indicative
They were allocated land and rebuilt a prosperous community that was a key part of an Armenian trade network extending from Singapore and India to Venice and Amsterdam .	1	Indicative
When someone comes up and says , ' Frank , thank you , your work is great . "	5	Indicative
Numbers through five in the participating communities are most often expressed with native Chitonga words while numbers greater than five are typically indicated using English borrowings .	7	Indicative
But there it was , hanging amidst the debris of his wardrobe .	3	Indicative
Hundreds of persons mounted demonstrations against the Fallujah campaign in Tikrit and Huwaijah , as well , according to az - Zaman .	3	Indicative
What was I supposed to do , say I ca n't afford you and walk out with crap all over my hair .	1	Indicative
It 's important that you take retreats and plenty of time for yourself to regenerate , as the rate of change in your personal and professional life will be fast and unpredictable .	5	Indicative
There were occasional bears on the deck in the morning .	1	Indicative
Filtering by selection is particularly useful for fields in the detail area , when you want to view all of the rows that contain a particular value .	23	Indicative
Sure , some items are a little pricey , but c'm on ... have you ever been out to eat in Seattle before ?	13	Indicative
The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mother s father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that 's a common misconception ( http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm ) .	10	Indicative
Pettigrew was hailed by someone , and Bray and the woman were left facing each other like the dancers ;	11	Indicative
I felt weary and irritable . Hang Kurtz , I thought .	6	Imperative-Jussive
I presume you need the Pakistan base for rescue operations in case anything went wrong .	1	Indicative
What Harry found most unusual about life at Ron 's , however , was n't the talking mirror or the clanking ghoul : it was the fact that everybody there seemed to like him .	2	Indicative
I am 21 , so yeah we were both kids when we knew each other !	7	Indicative
I have visited Georgia Tech on Thursday .	1	Indicative
Are they very keen on their self-image ?	0	Indicative
Among them is the former cloister from the abbey church of St. Peter and Paul .	2	Indicative
" Balzac himself attributed his condition to " intellectual congestion " , but his extended confinement in the " alcove " was surely a factor .	21	Indicative
Five years ' experience , but d' you know what as ?	6	Indicative
The city regained its importance in Greek civilization , and by 1900 had evolved into a very attractive cosmopolitan city , with abundant neoclassical architecture harking to the nation 's past .	12	Indicative
He co-starred as Humphrey Bogart 's younger brother , a carefree playboy , in Sabrina ( 1954 ) , played by Audrey Hepburn .	1	Indicative
Both of these stops are only about a 20 minute walk from the event and have no crowds at all .	15	Indicative
A friend and I recently took our 16 and 18 month olds here .	5	Indicative
He jumped the last six stairs , landing catlike on the hall carpet , looking around for Dobby .	1	Indicative
That temper is only one problem .	2	Indicative
I EAT HERE AT LEAST 5 DAYS A WEEK .	1	Indicative
Started in 1990 , the Taipei lantern festival continues a 2000 year old tradition of light related festivals marking the end of the Chinese New Year celebrations .	8	Indicative
Perhaps it is especially important , however , to define in precise terms the responsibility that city will have to assume .	18	Indicative
In a simpler world , where innovation simply meant lowering the cost of production of , say , an automobile , it was easy to assess an innovation 's value .	22	Indicative
I took the receipt and the metal that did not fit and asked Pomper for my money back .	12	Indicative
I came upon more pieces of decaying machinery , a stack of rusty rails .	1	Indicative
As a young man , he had published several books of poetry , had written plays , critical essays , and had worked on a number of long translations .	13	Indicative
This has led to the adoption of a common position on Burma and the withdrawal of GSP benefits .	1	Indicative
In 1709 , Rowe passed down a tradition that Shakespeare played the ghost of Hamlet 's father .	10	Indicative
For cheap Chinese food , this is the place to go .	6	Indicative
It was quite a poignant fact that I was away on that particular Friday .	8	Indicative
I see we expect to have separate contracts for each project .	1	Indicative
Alright , so my dad had been wanting me to check my e mail for a few days but I never got around to it .	21	Indicative
Critics praise the Sonnets as a profound meditation on the nature of love , sexual passion , procreation , death , and time .	1	Indicative
Catriona is well and has landed herself a pretty cool job in PR .	4	Indicative
( Apart from the wire flooring which i am going to cover ) Which of these two cages is better :	8	Indicative
Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates .	16	Indicative
However , through this glorious affair I got my appointment , before I had fairly begun to hope for it .	13	Indicative
Some individuals reported that when they are able to reach the site , all they get is a message stating , " The word scientology means search for truth ... " .	2	Indicative
The shed was already a heap of embers glowing fiercely .	2	Indicative
We then housed the ants in nests I made using Y-tong [ aerated concrete ] .	12	Indicative
There is support for the EU in Lapland also , so let us remember them .	1	Indicative
The term renaissance is in essence a modern one that came into currency in the 19th century , in the work of historians such as Jacob Burckhardt .	10	Indicative
the one i like the most would be wendy 's .	3	Indicative
It 's important that you take retreats and plenty of time for yourself to regenerate , as the rate of change in your personal and professional life will be fast and unpredictable .	1	Indicative
But the servers do n't pay attention to you whether it 's busy or not .	3	Indicative
When we adopt the Minutes for today 's sitting tomorrow , then any Members who think the positions have not been explained clearly enough may ask for amendments .	2	Indicative
Do n't go here unless you want to sit , order , eat and be asked to leave all in a matter of 20 minutes .	0	Imperative-Jussive
He tried to block the contents from view as he hastily shoved handfuls of coins into a leather bag .	11	Indicative
How do I train him to feel comfortable in his crate ?	1	Indicative
We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment .	1	Indicative
The Marshall Plan did not include the Soviet bloc , thereby reinforcing the Cold War division of Europe .	3	Indicative
I mean the theory was , whether you believe it or not , that it would be a defensive alliance against potential Soviet aggression , that ’s the basic doctrine .	1	Indicative
Exercises all the glands and limbs from head to toes .	0	Indicative
And that ad had pulled so many girls , because they -- I think they all thought that nice girls do n't do this .	13	Indicative
Work it into your speech -- something along the line of , " And Jen , you come from great people and have fantastic friends .	17	Indicative
Do not put your fish tank close to the sun or algae grow in your tank .	2	Imperative-Jussive
It resurfaced painfully later when - as a renowned and busy author - he traveled to Sardinia in the hopes of reprocessing the slag from the Roman mines in that country .	1	Indicative
Wikinews interviews New York bar owner on Santorum cocktail	1	Indicative
The true absurdity of the entire situation is easily appreciated when we consider that George W. Bush never showed any bravery at all at any point in his life .	12	Indicative
try for a large body of water if you are confident your companion can save you from drowning .	9	Indicative
I did n't understand so I did n't say anything .	6	Indicative
That said , when we started out I did n't know the difference between the GNU Free Document License and my California Driver 's license .	5	Indicative
Please feel free to give me a call if you have any questions concerning the attached guaranties .	10	Indicative
Debbie said , it is going to be hard on me to sale my old dodge truck .	4	Indicative
In 1976 , the racecourse was no longer used ; in 1990 , a fire destroyed what remained of the wooden grandstands , which were later demolished along with the stables .	15	Indicative
There was no explanation .	1	Indicative
He seems to have wished for the Senate and the state to simply act without him and his direct orders were rather vague , inspiring debate more on what he actually meant than on passing his legislation .	20	Indicative
At last , panting , they reached the landing , then carried the trunk through Harry 's room to the open window .	6	Indicative
During the session , he demanded to have my physical address , which I 've always kept private as I am enrolled in a witness protection program .	20	Indicative
They also claimed Paris was a volunteer and claim she has a vested interest for misrepresenting her experiences with the Church .	10	Indicative
I do realise that this is only a small step towards increased transport safety , but I would ask you to endorse this report .	5	Indicative
Hilary Braysmith , USI associate professor of art history , said , " I think his photography is equally influential as his graphic works , his more famous pictures of Marilyn .	14	Indicative
11 . In Events of Default , clause ( a ) refers to a dispute section which I 'm not sure exists .	11	Indicative
Meiring is more than an embarrassment .	1	Indicative
Set the layer mode to " color " this will make your image blak and white .	0	Imperative-Jussive
In the staccato part it 's like a music : a lot of break , very very short sentences .	5	Indicative
I 'm Virginia Stillman , the woman began .	1	Indicative
He moved across the river to Southwark by 1599 , the year his company constructed the Globe Theatre there .	1	Indicative
The graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics I have ever seen for any game and I have been gaming since the MUD days .	2	Indicative
Being well - informed will give you certainty and that is desirable in a world of conflicting reports .	10	Indicative
While it 's not cheap , Alto will give you an experience you 'll never forget .	2	Indicative
If you 're not presently married , and want to be , you just might wed by the end of the year .	8	Indicative
The fact is , when I began traveling for business to New England , when I first visited my in - laws in Montana and Idaho , I was shocked at the lack of racial diversity .	17	Indicative
Even if it does , the chicken should n't suffer as long as you let it go soon afterward .	3	Indicative
One member actually was convicted of beating his teen daughter unconcious when she ran away from ' marriage ' to her father 's own brother .	13	Indicative
Compelling policymakers to implement such policies will require a new set of skills that draws upon lessons from around the world .	14	Indicative
North Carolina is ground zero in this election .	2	Indicative
Once he had taken the leap into that name , he had stopped thinking about Auster himself .	12	Indicative
I think that ’s why they immersed themselves in pattern and colour .	3	Indicative
Web giant Google is resisting an attempt by the US to force it to reveal what users are searching for .	17	Indicative
I want to apply for canada skilled immigeration program .	1	Indicative
This shall be applauded given the size and strength of Phailin .	3	Indicative
Some time ago we debated about giving the rights to artists who sell their artwork .	4	Indicative
He remained thoughtful for a moment .	1	Indicative
My myTouch 4G crashes with most custom ROMs I install .	9	Indicative
If you want to do your posting in different settings , you 'll always have this file to go back to .	2	Indicative
The RSPB ’s stance has also brought it into conflict with many leading conservationists , from the author of the petition , Mark Avery , to the TV presenter Chris Packham .	4	Indicative
Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights .	6	Indicative
The United States is , after all , the prime revolutionary country .	3	Indicative
I think he did it on purpose because of my simple request for another slice of grandma that was n't so well - done ( actually , burnt ) .	18	Indicative
It is crucial to stop Saudi and other financial support of the outer circle , which is the fertile breeding ground of terror .	16	Indicative
I did n't know what I was missing .	6	Indicative
That band is involved in a local competition which promises a $ 5000 first prize , which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started .	9	Indicative
He was Paul Auster now , and with each step he took he tried to fit more comfortably into the strictures of that transformation .	13	Indicative
And do n't even think about asking to speak to the manager because this guy is , and pardon my French , a jerk .	4	Imperative-Jussive
What 's the difference between Indian and African ringnecks and alexandrine parrots ? ?	1	Indicative
This email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization named above .	2	Indicative
It was followed by the Aviva Investors Multi Strategy Target Return and Income funds , into which investors put £ 2bn and £ 1.4bn respectively .	18	Indicative
Because he spent no more than five or six months on a novel , for the rest of the year he was free to do as he wished .	27	Indicative
Parts department blows , Service department is even worse .	6	Indicative
But I worked hard and I 'm still working hard .	6	Indicative
He rose from his seat , excused himself to Quinn , and walked quickly towards the door .	1	Indicative
The reaction that the luminol and hydrogen peroxide creates does n't last long at all -- maybe a couple of minutes .	9	Indicative
Give me an address or something please idk .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Freeze dried food is not a good staple food source ; you need to offer live feeder insects .	12	Indicative
This was a risk that we had but we did have assurances from Phillips regarding performance .	6	Indicative
Anyway , I 'm sure my Mom told you guys but Travis and Kathy got to meet him and I think it went well .	3	Indicative
" I can only imagine that this is what Hiroshima looked like 60 years ago , " said Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour after viewing the destruction from the air .	17	Indicative
Our in - service date is May 1 .	5	Indicative
When a child is born in Canada the birth is registered before the baby can leave the hospital .	3	Indicative
this kebab shop is one of the best around the meat is good and fresh and the chilly sauce is the best , keep them lovely kebabs coming and a happy new year to all the staff	11	Indicative
After a while I needed to start thinking about an internship for my M.Sc. studies , and decided to write a couple of professors .	17	Indicative
Visualisations can be as useful tools , but meditation is more than that .	9	Indicative
This attitude is particularly prevalent in India , which recently put trade negotiations with the EU on hold , and it was central to the failure of the Doha Round of global trade talks .	2	Indicative
The Comédie Humaine remained unfinished at the time of his death - Balzac had plans to include numerous other books , most of which he never started .	13	Indicative
In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge concerning the origins and consequences of discrimination and bias . [ 11 ]	6	Indicative
Tet made it clear that the war was a long way from being over if the Americans thought they could preserve the South and that the North was perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight .	1	Indicative
Most people choose cars , but if headed to a central area , such as Main Street , it is best to drive there , park in a municipal parking lot , and walk around from there .	2	Indicative
Rest was too oily .	1	Indicative
I do n't know about this ... but the pale Cockney who was teaching him to take over his job said , That 's okay , chum , it 's our ole friend Mr. Kabata .	29	Indicative
If they get upset , gauge their anger .	2	Indicative
These alleged members of the Arakan Army , the military wing of the National Unity Party in Myanmar , have been charged with illegal entry .	19	Indicative
If the pedicure lasted 20 mins. , that was a stretch .	8	Indicative
The constituency is in the council area of North Kesteven , where 62 % of voters backed leaving the EU .	16	Indicative
We informed Tana that we made the change in Global Counterparty to include , " a division of Cargill Incorporated " .	5	Indicative
More significantly , recall Iraq .	3	Imperative-Jussive
It was the evening when Bray , Neil , Evelyn Odara , one of the South African refugees , the Pettigrews , and a few others set off for the Sputnik Bar .	1	Indicative
i went there since i was four .	1	Indicative
I thought that I had gained my cockatiel 's trust , but now he 's not coming to me when I open his cage .	21	Indicative
Good afternoon , said Quinn .	3	Indicative
In the mean time , much stronger friction over land quickly reduces their strength .	11	Indicative
When you read the label it s easy to understand why .	2	Indicative
Another 18 th - century story has Shakespeare starting his theatrical career minding the horses of theatre patrons in London .	6	Indicative
I took the weekend off and came in and asked for the manager who is Jeff and he remembered her right away even remembered her dog , I was a bit shocked that someone would pay that close attention .	6	Indicative
Lucky I had a spare with me !	2	Indicative
MMA also captured the Northwest Frontier Province , which probably shelters Bin Laden and al - Zawahiri , and is in a joint government of Baluchistan Province , also on the Afghanistan border .	19	Indicative
I have seen several of the providers from the office and have not once been shown anything but care and consideration .	1	Indicative
But the arrogant person is usually more than happy to show their cruel side to those that they do n't like .	4	Indicative
For that and many other reasons we support the motion for a resolution .	7	Indicative
A writer ? Quinn spoke the word as though it were a lament .	10	Indicative
My cat s Called Frank because the year we got him was the year Frank Sinatra died	11	Indicative
Deb Watson is the contact person and she and the rest of the staff were great !!!	2	Indicative
Mrs Weasley had shouted herself hoarse before she turned on Harry , who backed away .	2	Indicative
Devolving political power closer to where people actually live is always , appealing and usually effective .	8	Indicative
Why have a " minimum " if it is going to be ignored ?	8	Indicative
My father was a young man , thirty-five , younger because he liked to be outside , to play softball on Saturday and to take my mother and me camping on vacation .	2	Indicative
It 's a really huge place over there , and so many visitors / foreigners went to put chains and locks over there !	15	Indicative
It 's portrayed as though it 's dark , black and evil .	6	Indicative
Research shows that increasing agricultural productivity is the most effective way to reduce poverty in sub-Saharan Africa .	1	Indicative
The mark up is minimal considering that the clothing is hard to find and often shipped for Europe .	3	Indicative
He stood up and said , I was about to make some lunch for myself .	4	Indicative
For those of you in Toronto , I apologize for not being able to schedule this over your lunch time !	8	Indicative
You 'll want to find the right screw reassemble something without having to pick it out of 100 others when you get there .	21	Indicative
Or perhaps this innovation is less significant than its enthusiasts believe .	10	Indicative
He wanted to test the gullibility of his fellow men .	1	Indicative
This action accelerated the utilities ' move toward bankruptcy and forced the governor to move the state into the power - buying business . "	10	Indicative
“ This store is great !!	3	Indicative
But the long silence from Ron and Hermione had made Harry feel so cut off from the magical world that even taunting Dudley had lost its appeal – and now Ron and Hermione had forgotten his birthday .	13	Indicative
It had been hopeless from the very first . The flame had leaped high , driven everybody back , lighted up everything – and collapsed .	11	Indicative
This is not the first time that developing countries have been hit hard by abrupt mood swings in global financial markets .	1	Indicative
He handed it to Auster . You see , he said .	10	Indicative
Dobby might have saved Harry from horrible happenings at Hogwarts , but the way things were going , he 'd probably starve to death anyway .	2	Indicative
Indeed , Sistani 's agents all over the country have been quite active in educating Iraqi Shia on the merits of elections , which has led to the assassination of at least two of them .	9	Indicative
Greene 's attack is the earliest surviving mention of Shakespeare 's career in the theatre .	3	Indicative
If that were the case , and Stillman managed to elude him , it would mean that Virginia Stillman was responsible .	19	Indicative
the bird must know that when you open the cage door it means that you will put him in the cage , and birds do n't usually like cages .	12	Indicative
We also know how Dan Rather libeled George Bush and impugned his service in the Texas Air National Guard on a " 60 Minutes II " report based largely on forged documents .	6	Indicative
Just over 70 % of the plants grown from Earth seeds were alive after 17 days - just slightly more than the plants grown from space seeds - just over 66 % .	11	Indicative
It 's impossible to get an appointment .	1	Indicative
He lathered his face , took out a clean blade , and started scraping off his beard .	12	Indicative
If I understand the interpreting correctly it seems that Mr Sjöstedt himself believes that national constitutions are more important than Community law .	7	Indicative
It may seem that the common agricultural policy or the trans-European transport network are higher priorities , but they are not .	13	Indicative
In retrospect , I think we probably should have selected the CC BY-SA license instead of CC-BY-SA-NC .	4	Indicative
Itinerary Both ships go to Caribbean Islands like Jamaica , Grand Cayman , Cozumel , St. Thomas , the Bahamas and St. Martin / St. Maarten .	3	Indicative
I am following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for Pemex that you provided to Lucy Ortiz .	1	Indicative
There are UP Govt .	1	Indicative
Glad to hear that they are all healthy and were a good size , and that Mom is doing well .	9	Indicative
Everyone was so friendly and really went out of their way to make sure everything went well .	1	Indicative
As he emerged from the subway and entered the great hall , he saw by the clock that it was just past four .	19	Indicative
We have a system of own resources that is extremely complex and lacking in transparency .	8	Indicative
Her mother Ismat last saw Aafia and her grandchildren before they left in a minicab at the end of March .	11	Indicative
It does get pretty cold in Ireland so going before winter is your best bet .	1	Indicative
In scanning the whitehouse.gov site today , I noticed the following Executive Order :	8	Indicative
We 'll find time when things settle down .	6	Indicative
He worked for the BBC for a decade .	1	Indicative
In 1519 , he became ruler of the Habsburg empire , and he gained the title Holy Roman Emperor in 1530 .	13	Indicative
But she took a tidbit of crisp fat from her husband 's fork .	2	Indicative
It is ruthless .	1	Indicative
( Do n't wish to use Wikipedia again , it 's just easier than spending time looking up more obscure and detailed information . )	10	Indicative
I seem to remember something about ' by their works shall ye know them . "	12	Indicative
It is forty-eight meters high and there are seven floors , each accessible by a difficult spiral staircase .	1	Indicative
If we are to get a common transport market genuinely up and running , it is important that we should not only have regulations but that these regulations should also , as far as possible , apply to every country .	15	Indicative
I took a tip from Carri and looked up Rat ASCII's on Google .	1	Indicative
The delicacy of the light also affects me .	6	Indicative
His cassock , dark red , swells with the body .	6	Indicative
Come back and give HCC a second chance at least !	0	Imperative-Jussive
I tell all my customers they can try it , but do n't count on it .	13	Imperative-Jussive
Here was the symbolic attainment of something he had believed in , willed and worked for , for a good stretch of his life :	1	Indicative
Nobody lived there .	1	Indicative
Although it is highly built up , Fort Lee also houses many playing fields and recreational parks as well as bike and running trails .	10	Indicative
Afshari , who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war , said that when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their education system , the Mujahedeen refused .	8	Indicative
You understand it was a Continental concern , that Trading society ; but I have a lot of relations living on the Continent , because it 's cheap and not so nasty as it looks , they say .	37	Indicative
Under the release of physical contact , he said to Mweta , I do n't know what we 're talking about , and Mweta said , You ... I told you we expect you back , now .	18	Indicative
Ever since the industrial revolution brought a massive influx of workforce , Łódź had been a city almost equally divided between four cultures - Polish , Jewish , German and Russian .	5	Indicative
Imperial Hubris makes the case that lots of people in the CIA and counter-terrorism divisions elsewhere in the US government knew all about Bin Laden and the threat he posed .	2	Indicative
The invoice is not detailed , so it is difficult to see what you are paying for .	2	Indicative
The next time you feel like being condescending to someone , it is not going to be me !!!!!!	4	Indicative
We see the base of the food chain , the plankton , the small things , and we see how those animals are food to animals in the middle of the pyramid , and on so up this diagram .	22	Indicative
Still , one cannot avoid the uneasy feeling that , when all is said and done , the contribution of recent technological innovations to long-term growth in living standards may be substantially less than the enthusiasts claim .	36	Indicative
I thought that I had gained my cockatiel 's trust , but now he 's not coming to me when I open his cage .	4	Indicative
The present research represents a first step in exploring the impact of transmedia systems , as exemplified by Game of Thrones , through the study of fans .	3	Indicative
As part of the 19 th - century evolution of the novel as a " democratic literary form " , Balzac wrote that " books are written for everybody " .	25	Indicative
Their first king was Mojmír I ( ruled 830 – 846 ) .	3	Indicative
Intricate details about locations sometimes stretch for fifteen or twenty pages .	5	Indicative
The Needle report on the European Union 's new public health policy seems to ignore this fact completely .	12	Indicative
if that happens , separate them , and give them time apart .	4	Imperative-Jussive
In the case of the anthrax used in the mailings , there was an electrostatic charge .	12	Indicative
what does it mean when a veiled chameleon egg is soft ?	1	Indicative
At the same time , an Iranian Opposition Group released what they call proof of a covert nuclear weapons program .	9	Indicative
And then she laughed her laugh , and Quinn felt a little more of himself collapse .	9	Indicative
Mandatory mass evacuations have been carried out , which is essential to minimize loss of life in these situations .	3	Indicative
Elsewhere you die and disintegrate .	4	Indicative
turn the modem off and see if the sound is still there ... could be static on the line ... if the sound is still there with the modem off then the problem is NOT the DSL ....	5	Imperative-Jussive
The optimistic view is that those , like me , who find ourselves fearing the relative wage distribution of the future as a source of mammoth inequality and power imbalance simply suffer from a failure of imagination .	31	Indicative
When you open a page , Access reads the connection file that is linked to the page , and based on the contents of the connection file , connects the page to the appropriate data source .	28	Indicative
At the very end of last term , Harry had come face to face with none other than Lord Voldemort himself .	9	Indicative
But that will not be sufficient to sustain the national unity that Ukraine will need in the coming years .	4	Subjunctive
The Americans detected the attempt to infiltrate the urban areas and were already redeploying troops from the rural areas .	11	Indicative
April is the most ideal month .	1	Indicative
The management and staff are superb .	4	Indicative
Addressing the OAS , Amin had provoked laughter and applause among the delegates by saying that the hostages were as comfortable as they could be in the circumstances surrounded by explosives .	5	Indicative
I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker ... and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me ... " the inspection guy is n't here today " .... for example .	22	Indicative
They were abrasive and rude - when they were the ones who messed everything up .	12	Indicative
My insurance company , Blue Cross / Blue Shield paid the fees and everything was fine .	14	Indicative
A joint of roast pork was sizzling in the oven .	5	Indicative
This not only ensures the lifeboats are operational and will work if needed , but makes the crew proficient at launching them .	3	Indicative
News of the company ’s deceit - which had run for years - wiped tens of billions of euros from VW 's value and cost chief executive Martin Winterkorn his job .	24	Indicative
# 2 the decor is tasteful and artistic , from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixtures .... and ( most importantly ) # 3 the food is FANTASTIC .	4	Indicative
& here I am thinking that I really must be getting old .	3	Indicative
All I can say is that Elmira you are the best I ve experienced , never before has the seamstress done a perfect job until i met you .	8	Indicative
If the latter is the case , we could place both Sara and Elena in a specialist job group ( the salary range is 33 - 66 K ) .	3	Indicative
Afghan officials say the Americans have moved over 100 Special Forces and helicopters to Shindand .	5	Indicative
Good point , but I 'm comfortable we 're covered because our bidders were all bidding on a chunk of capacity and primary points .	5	Indicative
Like everything else , infrastructure and transportation has only just begun in recent years .	7	Indicative
Nota held the rank of captain in the Russian army and fought the Germans until 1945 .	11	Indicative
There are a couple decent people working there , but the rest are VERY dishonest , as well as rude , I have yet to hear the truth come out of their mouths .	1	Indicative
Whether they pay me or not , if their parents get into an accident , stuck in traffic , etc. THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WAS N'T PAID .	10	Indicative
“ While much of the digital transition is unprecedented in the United States , the peaceful transition of power is not , ” Obama special assistant Kori Schulman wrote in a blog post Monday .	7	Indicative
I want to take a cruise around the world .	1	Indicative
This is important , but so is enforcement and there are , of course , a number of reasons why we need to pay particular attention to this .	21	Indicative
Feathered Feet / Shanks - Chicks could have feathered feet / shanks as this is also incomplete dominate .	14	Indicative
In recent years , Łódź has been battling rising unemployment and youth migration resulting from the failing textile industry and is repositioning itself as a hub for design and creative industries .	20	Indicative
I enjoyed speaking with Dan , and learning more about how the springs are sized for these doors .	1	Indicative
or are they just supposed to look like they are so nothing will try to eat them	9	Indicative
Ask around to see what they 've been saying about you .	6	Indicative
In the interview , Herrick explains what wikiHow is , why he decided to create it , how he grew it in size , and why he chose to use a Creative Commons license ( HyperLink ) for his site .	12	Indicative
Many illegals were not counted in the population until the mid-80s .	2	Indicative
They are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters , planners , commanders , preachers , all of whom make a living , usually a very comfortable living , by serving as terror infrastructure .	1	Indicative
They were very friendly and were able to explain me exactly what was wrong with it .	1	Indicative
Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation ( NRC ) : is funded at $ 115 million , the same as FY04 and the budget request . "	7	Indicative
It is old news that the Tamil Tigers have developed a strong network within South Africa .	1	Indicative
On the one hand , it should pressure Musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " Legal Framework Order " that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .	35	Indicative
I had Hom - Excel replace most of the windows in my Tampa residence three years ago .	1	Indicative
In some places , that may mean teaching agricultural extension workers how to make their messages more relevant to female audiences , or encouraging them to visit when women are most likely to be at home .	29	Indicative
If you ’re in an elevator that is playing music , start to dance .	7	Indicative
I have found this hotel in the Lonely Planet guide .	1	Indicative
Pretending he had n't noticed this , Harry sat down and took the toast Mrs Weasley offered him .	2	Indicative
Harry noticed that it was wearing what looked like an old pillowcase , with rips for arm and leg holes .	1	Indicative
Oh Hjalmar Wentz must have been .	4	Indicative
By return email , please verify that you received this message and let us know if there is another email address that you prefer us to use .	12	Imperative-Jussive
Let her explore when we moved my cat had to explore the entire house before she felt comfortable .	5	Indicative
What ingredients go in the Santorum cocktail ?	2	Indicative
His quest for objects did not abate amidst the greenery .	4	Indicative
These three little ones do n't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice Dad , but I 'm sure they 'll find out soon .	10	Indicative
I always went my own road and on my own legs where I had a mind to go .	2	Indicative
Kermit Roosevelt of the CIA " met a number of officers who were involved in the conspiracy which led to the coup-d'etat of 22 July , 1952 . "	18	Indicative
Nice people ... I hear .	4	Indicative
I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft .	11	Indicative
And this was the place where some of the helpers had withdrawn to die .	2	Indicative
Living out of synch with nature is the great disease , from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness .	13	Indicative
After you have had the chance to review the attached , please send me a marked - up draft and we can discuss our concerns from there .	2	Indicative
He seemed to understand how important it was for us to make sure the whole house was sprayed so he took his time .	20	Indicative
Nevertheless , I see that in a book called Things to Come two Americans who think themselves anything but undeveloped and helpless , Herman Kahn and B Bruce-Briggs , are not impressed by Russian achievements .	15	Indicative
We also know how Dan Rather libeled George Bush and impugned his service in the Texas Air National Guard on a " 60 Minutes II " report based largely on forged documents .	10	Indicative
Last week , at least 76 people were killed when the Al-Ghaza Hotel near the Masjid Al-Haram ( Grand Mosque ) collasped , the cause of which is unknown .	21	Indicative
It was a pretty stilted conversation for both of us .	1	Indicative
Today 's weapons do not have that kind of problem , and are much more reliable .	12	Indicative
Bush came out today and said that if he had known what was coming , he would have expended every effort to stop it , and that so would have Clinton .	5	Indicative
I have a kitten who just turned 3 months today .	6	Indicative
Do you know what a physicist is ?	6	Indicative
Stapled to the pen was a little white paper flag , one side of which read : This good article is the Courtesy of a DEAF MUTE .	20	Indicative
Place it down so that its breast is carrying its weight and rests on the ground .	7	Indicative
try to train him to heel , which means to walk round you before he needs to go on a leash , and he may do that .	15	Indicative
i ve been on the internet for 3 hours but so far i 've got nothing .	13	Indicative
I asked if this hotel had smoking rooms .	5	Indicative
There 's the market in Naha , which is great .	1	Indicative
We know , for example , that he was thirty-five years old .	8	Indicative
It is important not to touch the luminol .	1	Indicative
I 'm staying away from the stock .	1	Indicative
Is this how your clients usually evaluate these properties ?	6	Indicative
From this , we conclude that an intervention based on cognitive digital games offers contributions to the learning process and improvement of sustained attention .	13	Indicative
Tape the bottom of the box securely so that it does n't give way .	10	Indicative
The luggage was not waiting at the flag-draped and bunting-swathed entrance , where a picture of a huge Roman emperor Mweta , in a toga , smiled as he did in the old photograph of the Gala village football team .	2	Indicative
In the war films or cowboy and Indian films the battles , fights and beatings were out of this world .	15	Indicative
A great philosopher once said , muttered Quinn , that the way up and the way down are one and the same .	17	Indicative
Entering the 747 , my wife , Alexandra , and I are enfiladed by eyes that lie dark in hairy ambush .	16	Indicative
They climbed two more flights until they reached a door with peeling paint and a small plaque on it , saying Ronald 's Room .	7	Indicative
I have a 9 month old German Shepherd that I raised from a puppy .	1	Indicative
I 'm a soccer mom so I was n't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear .	1	Indicative
Some Christian scholars criticize Tolle 's teachings , while others praise them .	10	Indicative
As a result , a population of just over 100,000 in 1950 has given way to a 2014 estimate of 1,537,058 ( with the metro area estimated at 4,489,109 ) .	12	Indicative
Dr. Strzalka at Flagship CVTS is not a good doctor	5	Indicative
I assume this is akin to why McDonald 's trademarks " Mc " Everything ?	3	Indicative
At the front door of his office , I nearly turned around .	10	Indicative
The Greek Orthodox Church , a Christian denomination , is extremely critical of worshippers of the ancient deities .	9	Indicative
Perhaps Alexander Solzhenitsyn agrees with him in part .	3	Indicative
for 2005 another 18 actions are intended by the Member States and the Commission .	5	Indicative
We 're gearing up for our 2001 / 02 recruiting campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and what can be improved in our process .	21	Indicative
We 're in the process of developing a strategy to take us through the next few months .	1	Indicative
Of the thousands , Wikinews spoke with a cosplayer going by the name " The Katherinator " .	5	Indicative
she said that was ok .	1	Indicative
And we also are eating meat that comes from some of these same places .	7	Indicative
Go onto the UCAS website , go onto course search and search for the courses you want to do .	11	Imperative-Jussive
The game is at 12 : Sat @ Compaq Center .	2	Indicative
Stardust @ home is a highly distributed project using a " Virtual Microscope " that is written in html and javascript and runs on most browsers — no downloads are required .	15	Indicative
The Congolese band had no idea what music would do , and produced a stomping crescendo ; then one of the Poles played the piano , and Neil Bayley moved in on the drums .	3	Indicative
To what do I owe this small pleasure ?	2	Indicative
Went there yesterday : we are trying to decide between two different Honda models , so we wanted to test - drive both back to back .	0	Indicative
These grew spontaneously one out of the other , and once you had been present at the first , you got handed on to all the others .	20	Indicative
IT IS NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE , MORE OF THE CUISINE BRETT ENJOYS IN MISSISSIPPI .	14	Indicative
Does anybody use it for anything else ?	0	Indicative
The Pacific Standard bar is located in Brooklyn , New York , and is co-owned by Jonathan M. Stan and John-Christian G. Rauschenberg .	13	Indicative
Robb says it is " like an experimental novel in which the female protagonist is always trying to pull in extraneous realities but which the hero is determined to keep on course , whatever tricks he has to use .	14	Indicative
Those organisms that paired with fungi were rewarded , because fungi do not need light .	11	Indicative
Cheese was falling off , so oily and greasy .	1	Indicative
Actually , I think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just do n't be too mad if I have to cancel .	5	Indicative
He said , " Andy Warhol was the center of the Zeitgeist for the 20th century and everything since .	1	Indicative
Koran descends to Earth : April 6 , 610 AD Monday	1	Indicative
It was as though Auster had read his thoughts , divining the thing he wanted most – to eat , to have an excuse to stay a while .	14	Indicative
We 've booked Italy tickets this week for departing Houston on Friday , May 24 to Newark / Rome and returning on Sunday , June 9 from Rome to Newark / Houston .	1	Indicative
Wright has a brother , Oscar , who is a comic book artist , contributing storyboards , conceptual art and promotional pictures for Edgar 's films .	1	Indicative
I think to say it was unexpected is inaccurate , because it implies that there was a well-founded expectation of something .	1	Indicative
per our conversation yesterday afternoon , attached are proposed drafts of the Schedule and the Para. 13 relative to the above .	7	Indicative
And indeed nothing is easier for a man who has , as the phrase goes , followed the sea with reverence and affection , than to evoke the great spirit of the past upon the lower reaches of the Thames .	14	Indicative
Finishing the largest item on your list of things to do will make you feel extra productive and give you the boost to do other things you ’ve been pushing to the side .	27	Indicative
The following illustration shows a PivotTable list on the Orders data access page .	3	Indicative
Several scenarios were considered because of uncertainty of future levels of ozone pollution .	2	Indicative
I do hold a HHa certificate in the state of NY but I looking to move to Delaware anyone know how I can get certified in delaware ?	19	Indicative
Have fun !	0	Imperative-Jussive
Get an education !	0	Imperative-Jussive
I assure the House firmly that Hong-Kong will not slip from our sights in the Commission .	1	Indicative
Please let me know what is possible , and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions ( 978-376-9004 ) .	9	Imperative-Jussive
I 'm free any day but Tuesday .	1	Indicative
Having DNA-suitable material will let us see whether there are new genes , or genes turned on in different ways and at different times that help explain how these animals burrow into hard ice and then survive in the cold .	30	Indicative
Beyond that point there was nothing : the random thoughts of men who knew nothing .	13	Indicative
International law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones , stands behind them and shoots with immunity and can not be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government .	16	Indicative
Have my glass , she said , as there were no spare ones to go round .	9	Indicative
Her father Mohammed Hadid Muhammad al-Hajj Husayn Hadid was a wealthy industrialist from Mosul .	8	Indicative
I look at it as human interaction .	1	Indicative
We are much safer today on board ship due to SOLAS , and I suppose if any good came out of the Titanic tragedy , the adoption of SOLAS is probably it .	18	Indicative
I called her grandmother and explained things to her .	5	Indicative
I have never been to any of these places so any suggestions and or advice would be most welcome .	1	Indicative
It depends on what you hunger for .	1	Indicative
Both proved popular and were often reprinted during Shakespeare 's lifetime .	4	Indicative
The impact of factors like poverty , maternal literacy , sanitation , and housing conditions on children 's health – and , in turn , on social and economic outcomes – is well documented .	31	Indicative
If you want an attorney who will defend your right , contact Law Offices of Armando Villega	11	Imperative-Jussive
No doubt he was ; but he had been a couple of years already out there engaged in the noble cause , you know , and he probably felt the need at last of asserting his self-respect in some way .	3	Indicative
i believe that NASA is a HUGE waste of tax payers ' money , but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies , that i find it best not to think about it .	4	Indicative
7 . Delete the definition of Costs as it is already defined in Section 6.2.1 .	2	Imperative-Jussive
Bray went to the kitchen to fill his brandy glass with water for the night .	1	Indicative
When you export a table to an XML document , you can also export related tables .	2	Indicative
I knew it when I said yes to Mweta .	1	Indicative
Having a team was the best because they kept the flow of the wedding going the whole time !	8	Indicative
I beg to differ .	1	Indicative
Why did n't Craig show Ma his appartment ?	1	Indicative
I was wearing a yellow linen dress which my mother had picked out and which I therefore disliked although I knew it flattered me .	20	Indicative
Have no idea what kind of restaurant this is or where it is .	8	Indicative
I know that Jeff is in Portland .	4	Indicative
Yes , with one hand while you were busy stirring a pot with the other .	7	Indicative
I loaded ferry boats in Jersey City across the river to deliver goods to Ground Zero .	1	Indicative
One expects a bump from the booming real estate market and increasing federal expenditures .	1	Indicative
More people die from AIDS in one day in Africa than all the Russians who died in the hands of Chechnya - based Moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started .	15	Indicative
The North Carolina Constitution likewise affirms the “ inalienable rights ” of human beings to " life , liberty , the enjoyment of the fruits of their own labor , and the pursuit of happiness . "	5	Indicative
You may not offer or impose any terms on the Work that alter or restrict the terms of this License or the recipients ' exercise of the rights granted .	12	Indicative
If your drawstring is longer than your pinkie then you should cut it off till it is roughly the size of your fingernail .	3	Indicative
Information pointing in this direction came to light after the December 26 tsunami , which took a heavy toll on the Andamans .	5	Indicative
It is likely , but not certain , that they will be deported to Myanmar .	1	Indicative
Most of the " talking heads " on television , however , knew only that Daschle and Leahy were liberal democrats and did not know anything of Al Qaeda beyond what they read in the US newspapers .	12	Indicative
Panting , Ron hoisted them up into the car .	3	Indicative
' aviatio ' comes from English .	3	Indicative
The good Ã³l US of A ai nt what it used to be .	6	Indicative
Once he had taken the leap into that name , he had stopped thinking about Auster himself .	2	Indicative
" In the cities where we 've launched or are under construction , our work will continue , " Barratt said .	6	Indicative
My idea was to let that chain-gang get out of sight before I climbed the hill .	2	Indicative
We got into talk , and by-and-by we strolled away from the hissing ruins . Then he asked me to his room , which was in the main building of the station .	8	Indicative
" " Balzac 's characters " , Robb notes , " were as real to him as if he were observing them in the outside world .	19	Indicative
Here Kant 's rule -- " Animals are merely means to an end ; that end is man " -- is applied with a vengeance .	20	Indicative
He had never mentioned his Gringotts bank account to the Dursleys ; he did n't think their horror of anything connected with magic would stretch to a large pile of gold .	3	Indicative
I regret this since we are having to take action because others have not done their job .	1	Indicative
VCU has the # 1 art school in America , and EXCELS in healthcare and medical schooling .	11	Indicative
Family owned and operated makes sure the atmosphere is relaxed and the food home - cooked with style .	8	Indicative
Steal a horse straight out . Very well . He has done it . Perhaps he can ride .	10	Indicative
The Ukrainian crisis may prove helpful , though that appears less likely now – which may be a good thing to the extent that one unintended consequence could be a loan to Ukraine that is larger than it really needs .	39	Indicative
And every entree we have ordered is perfect .	4	Indicative
Unfortunately , they are talking about moving it so it will be on the year before the Paralympics .	3	Indicative
These are the old - fashioned dilemmas .	1	Indicative
I saw a site that charges $ 0.70 per mile .	1	Indicative
SEATTLE – Africa 's GDP is now growing faster than any other continent 's .	5	Indicative
In 1072 , Shen was sent to supervise Wang 's program of surveying the building of silt deposits in the Bian Canal outside the capital city .	4	Indicative
Then the Dursleys appeared and Dudley rattled the bars of the cage , laughing at him .	6	Indicative
My apartment also smells repulsive even though I am cleaning out their litter box at least once a day if not twice .	3	Indicative
He was less than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got , and his work was top notch .	13	Indicative
Leave them in there with food and water and such for about 2 hours .	0	Imperative-Jussive
You want to bring something back with you from your deep space experience where you sensed your mind merging with the universal Mind .	1	Indicative
Instructor never showed up !	2	Indicative
If you want a boy the cere ( the nostrils piece above the beak ) must be blue .	2	Indicative
Best count on $ 50 per person no matter what .	1	Imperative-Jussive
Full name of the father is : " Nguyen Thanh Luan " ===> Full name of the son / daughter certainly is " Nguyen .......... " , for instance , " Nguyen Thi Thuy Lan " .	5	Indicative
That 's not possible .	1	Indicative
( I 've been through at least 5 places already . )	2	Indicative
The Communists thought they could defeat the ARVN , cause the fall of the South Vietnamese government , and the people would than rally to the Communist cause and leave the Americans stranded in a sea of angry peasants .	2	Indicative
Quinn spoke in the politest tone he could muster . Were you expecting someone else ?	10	Indicative
I have a male and female cockatiel , and there are 2 eggs in the bottom of the cage , will they hatch ?	1	Indicative
I have a couple of questions so I can wrap up the LOI :	1	Indicative
He married Althea Lucille Sprague , who died in 1993 .	7	Indicative
Jealousy of your achievements or seeming lifestyle can cause another person to feel smug or arrogant about something they think they do better than you or own / have that you do n't .	31	Indicative
i usually put my own natural rock over the UTH and they are perfectly fine .	2	Indicative
Would it embarrass Evelyn if Evelyn sang ? she asked Bray .	6	Indicative
The city is 430 km south of Tehran at the foothills of the Zagros mountain range .	2	Indicative
We have to sustain the European Union as a major food producer and a major exporter .	1	Indicative
If the negotiations stall , it seems like I need to go ahead and cut off the utilities .	6	Indicative
You had to hand it to them , thought Harry , as George took an ordinary hairpin from his pocket and started to pick the lock .	8	Indicative
Bray asked everywhere about Edward Shinza ; certainly he was not in evidence at any official occasion .	1	Indicative
This business model worked for producing content on topics that appeal to advertisers in languages like English that have large advertising markets .	3	Indicative
I think it s only fair that nowadays every town should provide at least one halal cafe or restaurant and hopefully one day every British catering establishment will be halal .	3	Indicative
Enjoy your holidays !	0	Imperative-Jussive
I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions ( first Argentina ) and thought your expertise would be very helpful .	1	Indicative
SPLOID.com cited you on the topic of that priest conviction : http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php	1	Indicative
My questions are ..	2	Indicative
Hambali reportedly is cooperating to some degree .	2	Indicative
A similar entity ( 1179 ) was assigned to Commodity and Trade ( Todd Richards and Mary Fischer ) so this one should be assigned to them as well .	6	Indicative
In January 1998 Fabio Tollis and Chiara Marino , both just 16 , disappeared .	13	Indicative
Two years ago , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main Islamist alliance -- Maulana Fazlur Rahman -- visited India and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements .	26	Indicative
Greatly appreciate your prompt feedback to this inquiry .	1	Indicative
The cliff was not in the way or anything ; but this objectless blasting was all the work going on .	2	Indicative
At that moment , there was a diversion in the form of a small , red-headed figure in a long nightdress , who appeared in the kitchen , gave a small squeal , and ran out again .	23	Indicative
Start up your filter ( sponge filters are the best for bettas ) and put in a heater and set it to anywhere between 78 - 82 .	14	Imperative-Jussive
The only real feeling was a desire to get appointed to a trading-post where ivory was to be had , so that they could earn percentages .	15	Indicative
For whatever reason , President Barack Obama 's administration did not push this item hard in 2013 and early 2014 – and the agenda of encouraging further IMF reform has therefore languished .	9	Indicative
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	11	Indicative
Imagine if the disbursement of all assistance to countries in trouble required Congressional approval , let alone spending from the US budget .	0	Indicative
I personally have had wonderful service and if you re truely looking for a FAMILY practice ... Warner Family is the place for you .	2	Indicative
They treat there employees with respect and concern and expect that they will extend the same politeness to there customers .	9	Indicative
Beware of the nail program you are not taught to use a nail drill AT ALL you learn the old fashioned way of doing nails you will not be able to do well in a salon !!!	17	Indicative
The people abandoned their farms and religious sites and the ground they stood on became moorland .	2	Indicative
BUT EVERYONE HAS THERE OWN WAY !!!!!!	2	Indicative
The Worst Chinese I 've Ever Had	4	Indicative
In Biloxi , 30 people were reported dead in one block of flats which was hit by a 9 m ( 30 ft ) " storm surge " .	5	Indicative
Vietnam m 16 used to clog up and never work .	3	Indicative
Decide volunteering is not your thing and give them back !	7	Imperative-Jussive
You deserve to have it yourself . Auster paused for a moment .	8	Indicative
Best of all , there are no ads !!!! !	5	Indicative
According to senior counter terrorism officials , both here and abroad , among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it .	19	Indicative
It 's portrayed as though it 's dark , black and evil .	1	Indicative
The porter addressed both men as Mukwayi , the respectful term became servile during the long time when it was used indiscriminately for any white man .	11	Indicative
But standards of living might have been raised even more if all of this innovative talent had been allocated to more fundamental research – or even to more applied research that could have led to new products .	4	Indicative
I googled Garage Door Repair in Woodinville and found NDI - Johnette answered the phone and was oh - so pleasant and helpful !	12	Indicative
Over time it has merged with the neighboring cities of Scottsdale , Tempe , Glendale , Peoria , Chandler , and Gilbert to form the Greater Phoenix Metropolitan Area .	3	Indicative
Pursuing a successful career , along with the usual social and financial advantages , will be easier this year than it has in a long time for you , Leo !	21	Indicative
Groom says this job helped Mr. Bush understand how even in a statewide Senate campaign , politics are local .	17	Indicative
If you have any trouble with the boiler , for heaven 's sake let Mackie look at it before you send to town .	13	Imperative-Jussive
Prevention has to be our answer to disasters of this kind and this draft Directive is an important step towards well - trained safety advisers being available , so that the right action is taken in good time .	15	Indicative
This is where the socio - political aspect of this conundrum comes into play .	11	Indicative
Yes , we had to wait , but ER is a triage system that takes the most life threatening cases first .	14	Indicative
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch .	1	Indicative
The pro-Beijing camp candidates elected were New People Party 's Michael Tien , DAB 's Ben Chan and Leung Che-cheung , FTU 's Alice Mak and pro-establishment nonpartisan Junius Ho .	5	Indicative
Worst experience ever like a sardine can and the bartender downstairs is the rudest person I have ever met .	11	Indicative
Their first king was Mojmír I ( ruled 830 – 846 ) .	7	Indicative
It established him as an author of note ( even if the surface owes a debt to Walter Scott ) and provided him with a name outside his past pseudonyms .	1	Indicative
While the report was being prepared , it was interesting to discuss the Union 's regional policy in general .	8	Indicative
Xinhua alleged that " Many of the Iraqis , who suffer the American occupation of Iraq , relate their case with that of the Palestinian people , under the Israeli occupation . "	17	Indicative
there is no oppression of Russian speakers in Ukraine , and there never has been .	1	Indicative
I called the " 207 " number and listened to the same recording loop 3 times before I gave up .	18	Indicative
Because I want someone who 's going to treat people nicely and well .	2	Indicative
If anyone has it handy , it could speed things up for me .	2	Indicative
From what you say the messages given by this girl are quite clear .	10	Indicative
For the United States and Europe are far more concerned with the even more sensitive issues of China 's relations with " pariah states " .	6	Indicative
John , sorry for the late response , but I think you can implement immediately .	10	Indicative
“ They ’re going to give you an injection . ”	2	Indicative
We hope that in time , we will have millions of articles with many of them having featured status .	1	Indicative
There 's supplies , and there 's wear and tear and maintenance , and bookkeeping and things like that that you have to do .	21	Indicative
There are many good options of delicious food on the shores as well .	1	Indicative
She was outside the building in the gardens , waiting for a photographer she had arranged to shoot her new Epic Mickey costumed character-style outfit .	14	Indicative
I have no idea how China Delight won number 1 Chinese restaurant in Montgomery - There needs to be a recount on that vote .	7	Indicative
Harry looked quickly around and spotted a large black cabinet to his left ; he shot inside it and pulled the doors to leaving a small crack to peer through .	1	Indicative
Please confidentially share matters as you think best and advise me of the interest generated .	9	Imperative-Jussive
" That 's why he did the Campbell Soup cans or the Marilyn pictures , these iconic products of American culture whether they be in film , video or actually products we consumed .	2	Indicative
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .	13	Indicative
He decided to light a cigarette .	1	Indicative
" You 're going to be looking at hundreds dead along the coast , " a state official said .	2	Indicative
Indians arrived from Canada , led by Joseph Brant ; they supported the British because the colonists were expropriating more and more of their lands .	1	Indicative
And they THRIVE to get a customer .	2	Indicative
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the present proposal for a regulation is certainly to be welcomed .	13	Indicative
We take note of that , Mr von Habsburg , and I should be grateful if you could provide us with this letter .	1	Indicative
Here is what I do now and it really helps ....	1	Indicative
Between us there was , as I have already said somewhere , the bond of the sea .	7	Indicative
Food was cooked by many hands .	1	Indicative
It only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa .	13	Indicative
A Harley - Davidson spokeswoman said timelines that have been floated in the media -- 2017 or 2020 -- are n't accurate .	19	Indicative
The sun was fierce , the land seemed to glisten and drip with steam .	7	Indicative
The Canadian Regenesis actress Mayko Nguyen has Japanese connection or is it her fake name ?	10	Indicative
Another person in the store stood there with an item and repeatedly tried to get a sales person s attention .	5	Indicative
I recommend you to everyone in Calgary , as she is a professional and the cost for her was low .	18	Indicative
These people were so helpful this week and did everything to sort out my windscreen and insurance .	2	Indicative
I love them !!!	1	Indicative
Since Enron 's employees are assigned an SAP identification numbers ( P number ) and an HR number , could Enron as a company use these IDs instead of the SS numbers ?	4	Indicative
That girl 's mother sounds like a real problem .	4	Indicative
Also , Sinh Cafe has been around for a long time and is very reputable .	4	Indicative
The result , then , is hardly the cat 's pyjamas .	5	Indicative
Although Israel withdrew from Lebanese territory in May 2000 , the radical Lebanese Shiite party , Hizbullah , has not been mollified .	18	Indicative
A single call to CIC will confirm there is NO such thing as a BTA to Canada and anyone asking for this is a scammer http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/contacts/index.asp	8	Indicative
We were expecting a great experience , when we recieved a friendly greeting by the hosts .	1	Indicative
Reach the right people at the right time .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Based on how CRRA reacts , I would make an ultimate determination if the agreement needs to be attached to the LOI .	4	Indicative
The bear dwarfed the 6 - foot - 1 Mr. Parenteau , knocking him to the ground , he said .	19	Indicative
When they saw a cartoon of their prophet , people had to die .	10	Indicative
It seems like some publications , like AM New York , always have a Britney Spears story ;	1	Indicative
When you copy data to a program other than Excel or Word that does not support the HTML format used by PivotTable views , the data is copied as unformatted text .	2	Indicative
Just east of Broadway and continuing north and south is Oakland 's famous Chinatown , and that to get the real essence of " Chinatown , " Oakland rather than San Francisco is your best bet .	32	Indicative
When the apparently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent , it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives .	8	Indicative
My hope is that over time , internet users will demand this of any site where they invest their time in a way that creates value for others .	2	Indicative
Based on specific intelligence inputs , Army arrested Ghulam Mohiuddin Lone , a LeT man , from Doda district .	7	Indicative
As you sit above the world , the warmth of the golden sun penetrates your body and makes you feel warmer and warmer .	2	Indicative
I 've referred everyone i know here and they all feel the same way !!	1	Indicative
A UN review of national plans to cut carbon says they are well short of the levels needed to keep the rise in global temperatures under 2C .	11	Indicative
I waited for her to say more , but she did n't .	1	Indicative
They were allocated land and rebuilt a prosperous community that was a key part of an Armenian trade network extending from Singapore and India to Venice and Amsterdam .	5	Indicative
I understand that it is a competitive process , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability .	4	Indicative
The problem is that the vast silent majority of these Moslems are not part of the terror and the incitement , but they also do not stand up against it .	24	Indicative
The sheikh in wheel - chair has been attacked with a F - 16 - launched bomb .	6	Indicative
Everything we ordered was prepared to perfection , and was presented perfectly .	9	Indicative
As a young man , he had published several books of poetry , had written plays , critical essays , and had worked on a number of long translations .	7	Indicative
Let us hope , therefore , that the proposals of the Commission will be sufficient to make sure this job will be done effectively .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Maybe she did n't want to be touched .	2	Indicative
Try not to make your words sound like utter and complete gibberish just add a little extra than our regular English language .	6	Indicative
do you think they are cool b/c of the taco bell dog ?	0	Indicative
Her 1981 album Wild West was one of her biggest sellers .	5	Indicative
So ... put some information in there .	2	Imperative-Jussive
If India could transform its IP regime to resemble the US system , which is more robust than China 's , the benefits would be even greater .	2	Indicative
During his time there , Kipling also met and fell in love with Florence Garrard who was boarding with Trix at Southsea ( to which Trix had returned ) .	9	Indicative
She probably does not even have 10 % of the knowledge that some of the other EXPERIENCED vets do in this area .	2	Indicative
CHANGE THE PROCESS , PPL !	0	Imperative-Jussive
I should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you did n't spell her name right in the email - I mean it 's such a common spelling .	15	Indicative
The high altitude serves to cool the climate , which would otherwise be very hot .	3	Indicative
I must say , I was impressed with the size of the bar area and lounge , & I liked that you could see the brewery right thru the glass !	19	Indicative
I am not such a fool as I look , quoth Plato to his disciples , he said sententiously , emptied his glass with great resolution , and we rose .	8	Indicative
The painting is based upon the hymn called , ' A Charge to Keep . '	2	Indicative
I agree with Steve 's position stated in his separate e'mail .	1	Indicative
If Jeff is happy , I 'm happy .	6	Indicative
The newspaper " Die ZEIT " first inquired with the real estate business about its dubious cash flows and the threat of insolvency in July .	7	Indicative
He obviously liked authoritarian rule better than democracy , equating dictatorship with " stability . "	2	Indicative
The higher your hands go , the more respectful you are .	10	Indicative
I 've been fuming over this fact for a few weeks now , ever since some organizations and governments suggested we need to accept the fact that Hezbollah will get involved in running Lebanon .	1	Indicative
There is a very good book on the subject that was written by General Vo Nguyen Giap .	1	Indicative
Neil insisted that Bray must come ;	1	Indicative
She waggled her fingers , sticky from the marshmallow , and her husband took his handkerchief from his pocket and gave it to her .	20	Indicative
At first , it looked as though Uncle Vernon would manage to gloss the whole thing over ( Just our nephew – very disturbed meeting strangers upsets him , so we kept him upstairs )	26	Indicative
My mane is Visit Phunnarungsi .	2	Indicative
In 1996 , the EDU 's mandate was extended to include the smuggling of human beings .	7	Indicative
There were two classes of each grade , starting at the sixth and going down to the first .	1	Indicative
He has returned from a voyage , he is out in the sun shining from the hills of Moab , he is drinking aquavit with a dear friend , looking over at Mount Zion .	1	Indicative
I recommend this company to ANYONE and everyone that needs great work done at a reasonable rate !	1	Indicative
13 - Number of vacation days the average American receives each Year .	9	Indicative
Molly 's frantic – she 's coming now .	5	Indicative
When it serves their business needs , all of them collaborate beautifully .	2	Indicative
San Francisco was always progressive and welcoming and tolerant to all kinds of people historically .	2	Indicative
Meats are kept VERY cold , seafood smells fresh and the serving bar is VERY clean .	1	Indicative
The term Nexus is applied to sentences , structures similar to sentences and sentences in formation , in which two concepts are expressed in one unit ; e.g. , it rained , he ran indoors .	33	Indicative
( See attached file : ENRON - SCHEDULE ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc ) ( See attached file : ENRON - Para13 ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc )	14	Imperative-Jussive
I heard the rain and the faint rustle of paper and smelled damp concrete .	1	Indicative
They told me that this is not under warranty and want to charge me $ 175 just to diagnose the problem !	10	Indicative
Lord Halifax , the Lord President of the Council , visited Germany privately in November and met Hitler and other German officials .	16	Indicative
The locations of referenced files are specified in the References dialog box that is available from the References command on the Tools menu in the Visual Basic Editor .	13	Indicative
The hymn was well received and the audience demanded an encore .	8	Indicative
Various doctors , both foreign and American , are associated with Al Qaeda leaders or operatives , to include the doctors Abdul Qadoos Khan , a bacteriologist from Rawalpindi and Aafia Siddiqui , PhD , from Karachi .	8	Indicative
were you able to discuss the " bad faith " proceedings issue yesterday ?	0	Indicative
Abby has three wonderful young children , and friends who love her and need her .	10	Indicative
So , I hope to pierce that prejudice forever with this group .	3	Indicative
Yes , all I 've said to Mweta , again and again ... make your own pace .	4	Indicative
It incorporates Mr. Stojic 's and Mr. Kelly 's initial comments .	1	Indicative
A horn tooted to the right , and I saw the black people run . A heavy and dull detonation shook the ground , a puff of smoke came out of the cliff , and that was all .	2	Indicative
So , therefore , now he says i am inoperable ( even though i am not 100 % inoperable ) , and he is letting me die .	14	Indicative
You need to substitute a special character sequence ( called an " entity " by XML ) as follows :	1	Indicative
ANSI-89 describes the traditional Jet SQL syntax .	1	Indicative
actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	27	Indicative
Thank you , Mr Kinnock .	0	Indicative
The day was ending in a serenity of still and exquisite brilliance .	2	Indicative
They went the extra mile to repair my cowboy boots -- they had to have a special kind of paper that looked like wood grain to fix the heels .	1	Indicative
I want you to have it .	1	Indicative
Last year , after all was said and done , I asked Rod whether my payment structure would leave me with no / little tax liability at the end of the year .	5	Indicative
Dr. Aster is very kind an gentle with the children , but also positive and to the point with the parents .	2	Indicative
I could n't say no ... so Nicki ( the little girl - 10 yrs. old ) and I waited for the bus .	19	Indicative
Anyway , I was practically raised on this stuff , and being a connoisseur of West Indian cuisine , Jamaica Way is a bit toned down to suit the American palette .	21	Indicative
Finally , it is my belief that it is not for us to deal with rate levels .	3	Indicative
I did an internet search to ascertain how long cats can live , however different sources give wildly different lifespans .	1	Indicative
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .	12	Indicative
The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats .	3	Indicative
I am sorry to own I began to worry them .	1	Indicative
Sends in as much ivory as all the others put together ... .	0	Indicative
If all this is really happening , he said , then I must keep my eyes open .	3	Indicative
Pro-Beijing DAB 's Starry Lee and Holden Chow were successfully elected in this constituency , while pro-Beijing veteran politician Wong Kwok-hing of FTU was defeated by 10,694 votes by James To .	8	Indicative
Motion was of the essence , the act of putting one foot in front of the other and allowing himself to follow the drift of his own body .	1	Indicative
This campaign season , there have been questions about whether George W. Bush fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s .	13	Indicative
It knows that you are there .	1	Indicative
I think it ’s similar to what Colbert said to Terry Gross .	8	Indicative
air dry clay works on armatures , the clay has a minor shrink percent , so you can leave the wire armature inside , paint with acrylic paint	24	Imperative-Jussive
I am in the process of reviewing your special provisions .	1	Indicative
Nina Chahine , 19 , who with her family was among the named plaintiffs in the lawsuit , said her wedding in the southern city of Tyre was set for July 13 .	27	Indicative
It is a great course for local golfers to be proud of and all the comments in 2008 have been very positive !!	18	Indicative
Kapor used to be a teacher of Transcendental Meditation of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi .	1	Indicative
OVERALL DECENT BUT IF YOU ARE EXPECTING A RUTH CHRIS TYPE STEAK , THIS IS NOT IT .	5	Indicative
The Hank Green I know is hardly awesome .	4	Indicative
What influenced Picasso 's cubism style of painting ?	1	Indicative
Nor did she realize that he wrote popular literature which aimed to please the general public and in no way wished to be associated with serious literature .	20	Indicative
Mail the six envelopes to the following addresses :	0	Imperative-Jussive
There is a link to the contest page .	1	Indicative
Hi , i 'm looking to take myself and my best friend and his girl friend and this girl i really like out to dinner for my birthday .	21	Indicative
You either 1 ) sacrifice on breadth and do n't produce the topics that wo n't interest advertisers , or 2 ) you sacrifice on quality and produce content that does n't cost much to write .	30	Indicative
I laugh and say , no , that Warwick is in New York , but I 'm at the Radison - Warwick .	16	Indicative
As 2005 progresses , the road ahead will become clearer .	2	Indicative
MUST READ - Do not waste your time in this store .	3	Imperative-Jussive
We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected , but let me know what we can do .	25	Imperative-Jussive
If they are getting quotes to put up new rock then we will need to clarify .	2	Indicative
Anti-Israeli and pro-Palestinian feeling is strong among several major Iraqi ideological groups and currents .	4	Indicative
Her driver `s license says " Picture continued on other side . "	4	Indicative
Increasingly , analysts are saying that China 's efforts have gone beyond what is safe or even in its own interests .	13	Indicative
WHO say Iodine deficiency is the world ’s most prevalent , yet easily preventable , cause of brain damage .	1	Indicative
The outward appearance makes you think this place is nice , but everything inside is cheap cheap cheap .	3	Indicative
On the whole river there was nothing that looked half so nautical .	5	Indicative
The true absurdity of the entire situation is easily appreciated when we consider that George W. Bush never showed any bravery at all at any point in his life .	7	Indicative
He believes that nobody waiting for us waits for us .	7	Indicative
$ 200 m - Amount that the Bush - Cheney 2004 campaign expects to raise by November 2004 .	12	Indicative
The beers were good , nice choice of beers as well , and as usual the mussels were great , the place upstairs is a nice addition to the bar downstairs .	2	Indicative
This was simple prudence , white men being so much alike at a distance that he could not tell who I might be .	1	Indicative
In Texas , BP shut its 460,000 barrels per day refinery and Marathon shut its 72,000 bpd plant .	13	Indicative
They shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union if the texts in the present languages were so published .	1	Indicative
If you 're signed up for a class , check with your instructor to find out if there is a dress code at the school .	18	Indicative
I am doing origami jewelry and found exactly the right things for earrings and got many other ideas there too .	14	Indicative
her long curly hair had sprung out , diademed with raindrops , because she had done her marshmallow toasting outside over the spit fire .	14	Indicative
While some looters are stealing non-essential goods , others are simply trying to find food and water .	9	Indicative
You 're asking too much .	1	Indicative
The pudding fell to the floor with a heart-stopping crash .	2	Indicative
The seeker has to find the snitch blindfolded , relying only on the coach 's instructions , while the game is still on .	20	Indicative
The amazing thing is that all of these crooks demand protection under international law , and define all those who attack them as " war criminals , " with some Western media repeating the allegations .	16	Indicative
Medicine , however affordable , is of no value if no one is available to prescribe or administer it .	12	Indicative
There is no Terminal 1 .	1	Indicative
I used to be , said Quinn .	5	Indicative
Uncle Willie 's Independence Joke , Vivien said . Produces a hearty , man-of-the-world laugh from Africans .	9	Indicative
The lump - sum payments shall be used within three years from the first payment .	5	Indicative
Bit rich coming from you , said Harry , staring at the floating car .	6	Indicative
Personally , I at least am totally in favour of the guidelines .	5	Indicative
After the sensation at the Australian Open , the 28 year - old lost for the first time in the final game against Serena Williams .	13	Indicative
( 4 ) Everyone has the right to form and to join trade unions for the protection of his interests .	4	Indicative
Most of the rooms at these hotels have their own bathroom , but there are a few rooms at the Hafijj Hotel and Socotra Hotel that must share bathrooms .	7	Indicative
Campus interviews are scheduled as follows :	5	Indicative
Fresleven – that was the fellow 's name , a Dane – thought himself wronged somehow in the bargain , so he went ashore and started to hammer the chief of the village with a stick .	25	Indicative
They must also get something to keep take - out warm , so it 's not room temperature at best when you get it home .	22	Indicative
For some reason or other we did not begin that game of dominoes .	6	Indicative
put her back in the room , and keep the door closed for a week .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Otherwise there was only an indefinable , faint expression of his lips , something stealthy – a smile – not a smile – I remember it , but I ca n't explain .	2	Indicative
I know when is eat-e chicken , I know when is eat-e beef .	8	Indicative
The second vendor charged $ 55 ( less than half of what A&E charges ) to come and applied that to the price of the repair service ( which A&E does not ) .	18	Indicative
( This is a kind of " wind " of interstellar dust , caused by the fact that our solar system is moving with respect to the local interstellar medium . )	21	Indicative
We 're both in our early 20s and just wanting to explore the beautiful country while we 're still young and before our lives start to get even crazier !	1	Indicative
Therefore , I need to know ASAP if there are any problems with the draft as written .	3	Indicative
On the other hand , an Extensible Stylesheet Language ( XSL ) style sheet is considerably more flexible than a CSS file .	14	Indicative
Coined by Bill Gates to represent the company that was devoted to MICROcomputer SOFTware .	9	Indicative
The London public playhouses were repeatedly closed during extended outbreaks of the plague ( a total of over 60 months closure between May 1603 and February 1610 ) , which meant there was often no acting work .	32	Indicative
Now , it is only natural that news reports questioning Bush ’s service — in The Boston Globe and The New York Times , on CBS and in other outlets — would come out now .	3	Indicative
You end up listening more acutely for the next noise and getting more irritated when it comes .	1	Indicative
While these concerns should not be dismissed out of hand , none of them is the source of the current slowdown .	3	Indicative
try something like photoscape which has different options ...	0	Imperative-Jussive
I never felt worried and walked away satisfied .	5	Indicative
Harry tried to argue back but his words were drowned by a long , loud belch from the Dursleys son , Dudley .	8	Indicative
From this point of view , stale structures and a self - satisfied elite are the reason why the health system , education and foreign trade in the USA is in such bad shape .	29	Indicative
In Washington , Blount became friends and tennis partners with Mr. Bush 's father , then Congressman Bush .	4	Indicative
I 'm a soccer mom so I was n't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear .	7	Indicative
In the message , the former Minister for Justice accused Brice Hortefeux of being a ' fascist ' , ' Minister ( moron ) of the Interior ' and a ' thug ' .	9	Indicative
I really enjoyed the staff at Wessex , also the manager Sherri was always very nice and helpful .	12	Indicative
It 's on loan , by the way , from a guy named Joe O'Neill in Midland , Texas .	1	Indicative
We love our new roof !	1	Indicative
The draft you received has been approved by Dan .	4	Indicative
My foot is covering approximately 300 miles of mycelium .	2	Indicative
Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off ?	9	Indicative
I caught the third day of Corey 's Jeopardy run last night here at the office ( yes , I had to come back after the play ... I love my job ! ) .	29	Indicative
The haircut was inexpensive and so were the salon services ( eyebrows were cheap ! ) .	2	Indicative
In bush stations there was n't anything we were n't responsible for .	8	Indicative
She turned and walked back into the house and Harry , after a nervous glance at Ron , who nodded encouragingly , followed her .	3	Indicative
In bush stations there was n't anything we were n't responsible for .	4	Indicative
They have been accumulating for years , and basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he feels like it .	1	Indicative
( plus they do nt stink that bad )	3	Indicative
I wish I had the capital to open my own shop ?	1	Indicative
This was one of those historic moments that leave a lasting imprint on a society 's collective memory .	1	Indicative
In my letter to Le Monde I had said that in the French tradition there were two attitudes toward the Jews : a revolutionary attitude which had resulted in their enfranchisement , and an anti-Semitic one .	26	Indicative
Both the Irving Independent School District and the Irving Police Department have asserted that the boy 's religion and name were not a factor in the manner in which they approached the situation .	11	Indicative
Depends on what you want in a pet , to be honest .	0	Indicative
But anywhere would do , he thought , anywhere at all .	6	Indicative
Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $ 400 !!	23	Indicative
Prices for electricity jumped from an average of $ 249 a megawatt to $ 700 a megawatt within three days , ISO records show .	23	Indicative
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one of the most popular in North America .	5	Indicative
Your teacher knows what goes on in your community and wants to keep her job .	10	Indicative
Look at it through Auster 's eyes , he said to himself , and do n't think of anything else .	14	Imperative-Jussive
Its real direct impact is relatively minor .	4	Indicative
If the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this leaves a lot to be desired !	3	Indicative
This technique releases the new power and flexibility of the poetry in plays such as Julius Caesar and Hamlet .	2	Indicative
I well remember what intelligent , informed people were saying in the last years of the Weimar Republic , what they told one another in the first days after Hindenburg had brought in Hitler .	31	Indicative
In addition there are over 120 species of birds and about 190 species of butterflies .	3	Indicative
If it finds a matching value name , Access loads the reference from the path specified in the corresponding value data .	2	Indicative
I do n't hear from you in months and then you level me with such a thought provoking , soul searching article .	1	Indicative
" Just as particular about music as other people are about seasonings .	9	Indicative
The impression was that he and his wife were slipping away quietly after the field of battle .	2	Indicative
First of all I think maybe they have bad teachers , which is a problem .	4	Indicative
Jared just told me you have a BUNCH of stuff on your plate and I think you are about to get much busier too .	5	Indicative
Until then he had said Pakistan ’s options were open .	8	Indicative
Even that locution , ' his appointment ' , seemed odd to him .	9	Indicative
In 2011 , Blunt was named the ambassadress of the new Yves Saint Laurent fragrance , Opium .	4	Indicative
He also said that London was going to be hiring 120 people to deal with the Credit Derivatives business .	2	Indicative
I have just checked with RAC ( David Gorte ) and we have a green light to go ahead with the project .	12	Indicative
In quick summary , Beyond Control , a local band in our area , is sponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run out .	14	Indicative
He had emerged into a dingy alleyway that seemed to be made up entirely of shops devoted to the Dark Arts .	8	Indicative
Alejandra González Anaya , one of the parade 's creative directors , explained to CNN why Mexico have decided now is the time to put on such a show .	12	Indicative
The Osage Trail is a rails-to-trails route that begins at the OSU-Tulsa campus and travels north 15 miles to Skiatook .	3	Indicative
Quinn pushed the door open , walked through the lobby , and rode the elevator to the eleventh floor .	12	Indicative
The trial begins again Nov. 28 .	2	Indicative
In some parts of the city , numbered streets intersect , so the distinction is important .	14	Indicative
we need to know what about them is different and thus related to living in this strange way .	7	Indicative
So my advice is that NEVER TRUST THIS DEALER .	6	Imperative-Jussive
And it has , because it is spring and inside the ground something is stirring .	2	Indicative
Some Armenian prelates have joined us for coffee and take part in the discussion .	3	Indicative
Frustrated , the Americans decided for the best of reasons , as always , to make a heavier move :	4	Indicative
The daytime temperature varies ; in January , it is about 24 ° C ( 75 ° F ) and in June , about 35 ° C ( 95 ° F ) .	9	Indicative
This place had the worst tasting pizza I have ever tasted it was possible the worst food I 've ever eaten .	8	Indicative
You made a choice to be a mommy , you do nt get a break until they move out , that s the choice that you madea and that 's life .	10	Indicative
Nonpartisan Paul Tse and Wong Kwok-kin of the FTU were successfully re-elected .	9	Indicative
Please let me know what time would work for you .	1	Imperative-Jussive
when you turn 21 you can party any were you want	10	Indicative
No messages will reach the EES organization unless IBM agrees not to use their proprietary message delivery tool , WebSphere , and will use WebLogic instead .	9	Indicative
It used to be fabulous , why did you guys change it ??	7	Indicative
I was fixing to buy an indian ringneck , did a bunch of research , ( I 'm a very experienced bird owner , macaws , cockatoos , amazons ) ,	1	Indicative
I doubt he will be extradited to Venezuela , which is the only way that question could be answered with a Yes .	10	Indicative
The Council shall act unanimously after consulting the European Parliament .	2	Indicative
I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in CA ( for customers already on DA ) .	1	Indicative
Why do n't we meet in Diagon Alley ?	1	Indicative
I have visited that place .	2	Indicative
Iron is an essential element the body requires to produce hemoglobin , the protein found in red blood cells that 's responsible for transporting oxygen to tissues in the body .	1	Indicative
Do not hit , yell , or harm them .	2	Imperative-Jussive
Tame Horomona Rehe was the last known full-blooded Moriori and he passed away in 1933 .	11	Indicative
Here 's a tip : Do n't get married in countries that house illegal militias that attack other countries and hence are likely to come under counter-attack !	1	Indicative
http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemID=1361&itemType=PRODUCT&path=1%2C3%2C477&iProductID=1361 If anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird .	4	Indicative
Justin , I have no knowledge of any bad faith actins Enron has pending in Texas but I will call Richard Sanders who manages domestic litgation here .	12	Indicative
My pup has a wonderful temperment and has been a wonderful addition to my family !	7	Indicative
Since 2007 the Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program has seeded university art galleries throughout the United States with over 28,000 Andy Warhol photographs and other artifacts .	8	Indicative
Reply	0	Imperative-Jussive
Maybe it 's true that life begins at fifty ... but everything else starts to wear out , fall out , or spread out .	13	Indicative
Emergency teams in the southern US are battling to reach survivors of Hurricane Katrina , the most destructive storm to hit the country in decades .	6	Indicative
He spoke round the obstacle of a woman standing between them .	1	Indicative
the room you sleep in is best ( seeing you so relaxed that you are sleeping will send the message that everything is OK ) , but others will work just as well .	3	Indicative
Best of all , the staff is quick on their feet and even with long lines , usually serve you in 5 minutes or less .	18	Indicative
" You come here from Earth ? " I asked .	2	Indicative
Devolving political power closer to where people actually live is always , appealing and usually effective .	9	Indicative
He came across as a very bright person , very personable .	1	Indicative
In fact , South Korean women participate in the labor force at roughly the average rate for the OECD while they are in their late twenties .	6	Indicative
Change there to the 13 line toward " Chatillon Montrouge " and take it until the " Montparnasse Bienvenue " station .	12	Imperative-Jussive
By late 1974 investors were dizzy , they were desperate , they were wrung - out , they had left Wall Street , many for good .	4	Indicative
Harry learned quickly not to feel too sorry for the gnomes .	1	Indicative
It ’s very much like you are trying to make the room laugh , but the room has been a sort of captive audience for many many years now , so it takes a lot to make the room laugh .	1	Indicative
Now that he had embarked on the Stillman case , he felt that a new notebook was in order .	16	Indicative
My mother says , “ Is it time to go ? ”	2	Indicative
I think for starters , myself and those of you who believe in God could say a special prayer for them .	11	Indicative
Ugh my dad is so stupid ... he just does n't understand anything !	9	Indicative
I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase , and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation .	16	Indicative
it must have good relations with both sides .	1	Indicative
If it becomes apparent that you cannot open either of your two parachutes , or that for some other reason they are fatally non-functional , then the following steps may be of some minor assistance .	21	Indicative
Once , Quinn observed , he even stooped down for a dried dog turd , sniffed it carefully , and kept it .	15	Indicative
In a Hadith the Messenger of Allah explains that the souls of the martyrs are in the hearts of green birds that fly wherever they please in the Paradise .	25	Indicative
`` I say brains is the greater producer of wealth , not oil .	4	Indicative
I believe ENE will continue to be range bound , but in case it is not , I do n't want to forgo 50 % of my option premium .	14	Indicative
My husband and I happened in on a whim .	4	Indicative
How did the CPA get to the point where it has turned even Iraqi Shiites , who were initially grateful for the removal of Saddam Hussein , against the United States ?	10	Indicative
How many times do you suppose you ’ve served it at your establishment since its creation ?	3	Indicative
Overall , Joe is a happy camper who has found a great spot .	8	Indicative
I do n't know about the playstation situation but I do know that Microsoft has said they do n't see the Xbox 360 as being even halfway through its lifetime .	1	Indicative
This place is identical to the Youngstown Sports Grille , so I imagine they are owned / operated by the same people .	2	Indicative
If you choose to get a parakeet this is a trick that I used to tame them .	2	Indicative
Last year in my section at the stadium I had a banner that read We Know ' .	15	Indicative
It does n't matter how graceful your horse is , or how high he can jump , or how well he does a sliding stop .	21	Indicative
But if finance continues to take a disproportionate number of the best and the brightest , there could be little British manufacturing left by 2050 , and even fewer hi-tech firms than today .	3	Indicative
Now truck fenders are rusting there , the twentieth century adding its crumbling metal to the great Jerusalem dust mixture .	3	Indicative
Sand and dust storms are natural events that occur in arid regions where the land is not protected by a covering of vegetation .	4	Indicative
For several years Quinn had been having the same conversation with this man , whose name he did not know .	17	Indicative
My third point has also been mentioned already .	3	Indicative
Although the details of the documents on Mohammed 's computer may ( or may not ) point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal , they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings .	25	Indicative
Shiu Ka-chun of the Social Welfare constituency defeated their opponents , hence the pan-democrats ' seats in the functional constituencies increased from 9 to 10 .	7	Indicative
Once fully rooted , they are extremely drought resistant .	5	Indicative
I 'm pretty sure for the cast that it was the other way around .	1	Indicative
One of the examples of research applied under safety measures has also produced a humanoid robot to compete with Valentino Rossi .	10	Indicative
Additional resources are being allocated and the situation is being closely monitored ( both for quarter end signoff and on going operations ) .	2	Indicative
In 1821 Balzac met the enterprising Auguste Lepoitevin , who convinced the author to write short stories , which Lepoitevin would then sell to publishers .	10	Indicative
This indexing also includes the notion of an accelerator .	3	Indicative
Otherwise , I think you have captured the points excellently .	5	Indicative
Hopless service , at the time of booking my car a lot was promised but delivered not even one tenth of what was promised .	12	Indicative
York was home first to the Ninth Legion and later the Sixth .	1	Indicative
Will businesses that were new in 2005 have become a household name due to their efforts in rebuilding the gulf coast ?	3	Indicative
The broker called back shortly after I spoke to you to let me know that the kestrel air park building and the strip center at fm78 & walzem had both sold .	7	Indicative
As if America 's two-hundred-year record of liberal democracy signified nothing .	9	Indicative
Survivors are being found all the time , including two children who lost their parents .	12	Indicative
We are taking a 3 hour flight down to a fancy island in Florida and staying only 2 days .	1	Indicative
So I pointed this out to him , at which point he said they only had one of the correct tires in stock .	2	Indicative
I 'm considering taking a job with Steiner and noticed I have to pay for all my travel .	11	Indicative
You r gon na be the first to see the new baby ( woud n't it be wierd if the baby gets botn on Jan 5th ? )	1	Indicative
Quinn pushed the door open , walked through the lobby , and rode the elevator to the eleventh floor .	1	Indicative
He had been out nearly three years ; and , later on , I could not help asking him how he managed to sport such linen .	1	Indicative
Anyway , so that was 2 days ago that I called and left a message , but he still has n't called back yet .	19	Indicative
The stale cool air of the room had heated ; yet weariness receded , his head was left high and dry of it .	17	Indicative
The Blindleia is a skerry - protected waterway that starts near Kristiansand in southern Norway , and continues past Lillesand .	17	Indicative
“ What ? ” my mother says .	6	Indicative
" Terry said he made that filing in the interest of Californians , but I find that argument has no basis in fact . ''	2	Indicative
Your passport needs to be valid at least six months past the end of your planned return .	2	Indicative
The Jihad " soldiers " join packaged death tours to Iraq and other hotspots , while some of their leaders ski in Switzerland .	20	Indicative
Shelters and adoption agencies often do not know if a cat is a good mouse hunter , and generally do not test for this .	19	Indicative
There he rented rooms from a French Huguenot named Christopher Mountjoy , a maker of ladies ' wigs and other headgear .	2	Indicative
The locker room is certainly lacking - I would never shower or change there .	3	Indicative
You really got me thinking , I enjoy reading this blog .	7	Indicative
Each poem narrates only a part of the war .	2	Indicative
I was recently traveling down I - 24 from Nashville with my 3 young children and had a blowout on the southeast side of Murfreesboro .	16	Indicative
She was determined to make no end of fuss to get me appointed skipper of a river steamboat , if such was my fancy .	21	Indicative
I felt my coat tugged at , and tugged again , and at last I looked around .	4	Indicative
But no one seemed to have seen him , or to know whether he was , or had been , in the capital .	5	Indicative
What say ye ?	1	Indicative
For heaven 's sake , let them have it , it 's someone else 's turn to burn the midnight oil there , now ...	11	Indicative
Anne , please , include this info in Iris ' file	4	Imperative-Jussive
Weiss was honored with the literature prizes from the cities of Cologne and Bremen .	1	Indicative
The train pulled into the station , and Quinn felt the noise of it shoot through his body : a random , hectic din that seemed to join with his pulse , pumping his blood in raucous spurts .	9	Indicative
I feel like they did n't tell me the pitfalls before I pulled out this tile and now that I have no other options they want 5 TIMES the price ?	25	Indicative
The conclusion is that we must make the case for guidelines to be broad , indicative and flexible to assist our programme managers and fund - users and to get the maximum potential out of our new fields of regeneration .	2	Indicative
As a result , China will no longer be inclined to lend its capital to the US .	5	Indicative
What would you get if you cross a sussex male and a silkie female ?	6	Indicative
Bush earned 340 points in 1969 - 1970 .	1	Indicative
Tet was a huge military and political disaster for the Communists .	1	Indicative
Liberal democracy is as brief as a bubble .	2	Indicative
But millions of Moslems are told by their leaders that this is the case .	11	Indicative
Shakespeare died on 23 April 1616 and was survived by his wife and two daughters .	7	Indicative
With beneficent Jupiter in your sign , this is definitely your year , especially where your social life is concerned .	8	Indicative
It is the largest town on the island and has the largest share of accommodations .	1	Indicative
I feel lighter and feel that I have more possibilities open to me now than I did before .	7	Indicative
You wo n't be tripping over boxes and you can have a better idea of what you have and where things are .	21	Indicative
you did not leave the new kitten in the room long enough .	1	Indicative
We might be mistaken in using the gross domestic product per inhabitant as the sole indicator .	1	Indicative
Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosencreutz , which suggests ( and most people who ’ve heard of it suppose ) that the wedding is Christian ’s .	20	Indicative
The hit song is " Geronimo " by Sheppard .	3	Indicative
It is recommend that you use short words since they are commonly used .	1	Indicative
Seince he recieved the fluids last night he said not to worry about drinking water for at least a couple of days .	2	Indicative
You want to take advantage of the new features not found in ANSI-89 SQL , such as :	1	Indicative
It was sure beautiful coming up last night .	1	Indicative
Watching a coast as it slips by the ship is like thinking about an enigma .	5	Indicative
Although the lodging and facilities may not be the same as more modern and developed locations , Socotra is a beautiful and magnificent destination choice .	18	Indicative
Going back after graduating you r told you get a discount on services nope you do nt .	5	Indicative
One side of the memorial is scenes made by student groups while other areas represent the counties of Taiwan .	14	Indicative
Distribution of this license does not create an attorney - client relationship .	6	Indicative
Xinhua reports that a wide range of Iraqi political forces on Tuesday condemned Sharon 's murder of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , a religious leader of Hamas , the day before .	12	Indicative
Days away : Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 ( assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return )	26	Indicative
I 'm not sure , but I think that he 's got class tonite , too .	10	Indicative
Inward FDI could increase by as much as 83 % annually by 2020 ;	2	Indicative
Doves are a species of pigeon , they are Seed eaters , they do not eat bread , or worms .	1	Indicative
Leahy 's chief of staff apparently started with the strong predisposition that some right - winger was involved because two liberal democrats had been targeted .	16	Indicative
The Osage Trail is a rails-to-trails route that begins at the OSU-Tulsa campus and travels north 15 miles to Skiatook .	14	Indicative
In a few words ... I 'm pleasantly surprised that you can still find " old school " service out there where company care more about good name and customers than their pockets ...	23	Indicative
Delays in the CEN 's work are now making it difficult to apply this very Directive .	6	Indicative
-- The return to flight activities for the Shuttle program are funded at $ 4.319 billion , the requested level from the Administration .	10	Indicative
After all , in a world of solid farmers , useful craftsmen , dissolute aristocrats , and flunkies , demand for manufactured items and flunkies was limited by how much of each aristocrats could use .	33	Indicative
There are a couple decent people working there , but the rest are VERY dishonest , as well as rude , I have yet to hear the truth come out of their mouths .	12	Indicative
The measures you described could be improved and there are others which you did not mention .	13	Indicative
To bring a little more light to the world is what I want , out of all of this .	12	Indicative
( When I worked at the IMF in the 2000 ' s , page - three coverage of our events by leading newspapers was typically viewed as preferable to top billing ) .	3	Indicative
Ok so i spoke to the vet and he said the give him white rice and boiled chicken but only a little at a time .	11	Indicative
According to senior counter terrorism officials , both here and abroad , among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it .	36	Indicative
Just remember to make sure the mother is properly caring for the baby .	7	Indicative
While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong .	10	Indicative
They talk down to you like they are supreme beings , if you hate your job so much then quit !!	13	Indicative
I had to set about it the very next day .	1	Indicative
His father Mohamed El-Hassan Mohamed said he was taking his entire family to the U.N. headquarters in New York , because international dignitaries wanted to meet with his son and express their support .	5	Indicative
The first inhabitants of Coron were the Tagbanuas who belong to the second wave of Indonesians who migrated to this area some 5,000 years ago .	17	Indicative
I 've been fuming over this fact for a few weeks now , ever since some organizations and governments suggested we need to accept the fact that Hezbollah will get involved in running Lebanon .	21	Indicative
His military intelligence has captured major figures like Abu Zubayda and Khalid Shaykh Muhammad , as well as nearly 500 other al - Qaeda operatives , over 400 of whom the Pakistanis have turned over to the US .	3	Indicative
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	22	Indicative
He said after 10 years of DNA testing on northern Rockies wolves , scientists have not found a single strain that did not belong to one of the wolves the agency released -- or their descendants .	21	Indicative
The officers were able to subdue the 53 year old during the act on Sunday morning .	2	Indicative
She was dead on -- this restaurant was wonderful --- do not be put off by the one negative review on this page .	1	Indicative
750,000 - Tons of toxic waste the US military , the world 's biggest polluter , generates around the world each year .	16	Indicative
But I can see that the big current of his suffering has begun to run heavily .	11	Indicative
He stood up and said , I was about to make some lunch for myself .	1	Indicative
This VERIFIES that you are truly providing a service .	1	Indicative
We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying , " was I got ta have it ! "	6	Indicative
It 's not an exaggeration to say that what they 're having to do is introduce a so-called democratic social system in place of a paternalist discipline .	10	Indicative
Since Auster did not have an office , that meant he worked at home .	2	Indicative
As most of them have few technical skills , and the Andamans have little demand for them in any case , they turn to smuggling and other unlawful activities .	22	Indicative
Christian churches in northwestern Europe and Ukraine often used willow branches in place of palms in the ceremonies on Palm Sunday .	8	Indicative
These measures shall be taken during a period of three years following the date of accession and their application shall be limited to that period .	2	Indicative
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .	17	Indicative
We had to throw out about 80 percent of our meals because the food tasted so horrible .	1	Indicative
From the point of view of a business , and client / operator relationships , he 's doing a really shitty job .	16	Indicative
Such ignorance was refreshing .	2	Indicative
Harry enjoyed the breakneck journey down to the Weasleys vault , but felt dreadful , far worse than he had in Knockturn Alley , when it was opened .	19	Indicative
The ACIA found Arctic winter temperatures have increased 4 degrees to 7 degrees Fahrenheit in the last 50 years and should go up about twice that much in the next 100 years .	6	Indicative
The term Nexus is applied to sentences , structures similar to sentences and sentences in formation , in which two concepts are expressed in one unit ; e.g. , it rained , he ran indoors .	3	Indicative
The city suffered minor damage during WWII , and suffered extensive urban planning in the decades that followed , as the nation rapidly industrialized and urbanized .	2	Indicative
He dedicated them to Henry Wriothesley , Earl of Southampton .	1	Indicative
The origin of the city 's name is unknown , however , the word łódź translates to " boat " in English .	7	Indicative
Denis thinks your angle lamp 's been left at Government House , did he tell you ?	12	Indicative
Prototaxites , laying down , was about three feet tall .	5	Indicative
Stretching 750 kilometers from end to end , they reach from near the coast of Myanmar almost to Sumatra in Indonesia .	9	Indicative
We ca n't avoid being politicized ( to use a word as murky as the condition it describes ) because it is necessary after all to know what is going on .	17	Indicative
He got the pictures back to me quickly .	1	Indicative
Colonel Bray is n't going to run a hotel .	2	Indicative
Mandatory mass evacuations have been carried out , which is essential to minimize loss of life in these situations .	9	Indicative
And afterwards either infected them or not . Then for about two weeks we count every day how many ants died .	3	Indicative
These links present the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called Chernobyl :	10	Indicative
I recently took a rescue puppy to this Clinic and I was SHOCKED at how well Romeo and My family was treated .	2	Indicative
The conditions and arrangements for admission are set out in the Protocol annexed to this Treaty .	12	Indicative
Little by little , Quinn began to feel cut off from his original intentions , and he wondered now if he had not embarked on a meaningless project .	5	Indicative
Article 6 of the Decision set a reference amount of 4 million euro for the programme .	5	Indicative
My friend John Auerbach comes up from Caesarea to see me .	4	Indicative
He ’s spoken in favour of torture .	1	Indicative
Got the crab rangoon which was great , tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp satay which was also good .	5	Indicative
At that moment , there was a diversion in the form of a small , red-headed figure in a long nightdress , who appeared in the kitchen , gave a small squeal , and ran out again .	34	Indicative
Calls are now forwarded to Malcolm Smith Motorsports down the road .	1	Indicative
The information society is in fact evolving in a global context .	3	Indicative
That is in fact the point of departure we have chosen here and I am very glad all this has been properly understood .	1	Indicative
The problem is that the vast silent majority of these Moslems are not part of the terror and the incitement , but they also do not stand up against it .	11	Indicative
She certainly was n't ' forced ' to be there .	2	Indicative
Madam President , there are only two ways to improve air quality .	4	Indicative
Hope there is useful grist for the mill here .	0	Indicative
The Chair has already stated that the proposal was made in accordance with the Rules , so there are no grounds for changing anything .	8	Indicative
For example , did you know that George Bush spent considerably more time in uniform than John Kerry ?	3	Indicative
In the photo on the couch , the pillow she is resting on clashes with everything else in the shot .	10	Indicative
The submarine incident was put down to a " technical error " by the Chinese government , which apologised to Japan .	3	Indicative
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair ( she only wanted one , however ) .	2	Indicative
She stole the information and gave it to another guy that did all the work .	11	Indicative
They also have a number of other important environmental impacts .	2	Indicative
– ' you must , ' he said in agitation , ' go and see the general manager at once .	7	Indicative
as Robb explained :	2	Indicative
Gossip traces the worst of the Israeli financial swindles to the most observant of Orthodox Jews .	1	Indicative
A simple formality assured me the secretary , with an air of taking an immense part in all my sorrows .	3	Indicative
I hope that the Commission is able to accept the present amendment .	5	Indicative
We need a brief report summarising the experience gained and a clear review .	1	Indicative
In 1593 and 1594 , when the theatres were closed because of plague , Shakespeare published two narrative poems on erotic themes , Venus and Adonis and The Rape of Lucrece .	8	Indicative
Over the centuries some readers have posited that Shakespeare 's sonnets are autobiographical , and point to them as evidence of his love for a young man .	15	Indicative
While L'Enfant was in New York City , he was initiated into Freemasonry .	9	Indicative
This place is awesome	2	Indicative
In Iceland and Ireland , banks outgrew their governments ' ability to support them when needed .	6	Indicative
To warn you to stay away from this place just is n't enough .	10	Indicative
Many other people Bray had seen at the ball streamed in in their finery :	4	Indicative
“ You want it ? ” she says .	7	Indicative
The precise reasons vary from country to country – but many of them stem from entrenched cultural norms that prevent women from reaching their full potential .	3	Indicative
If the Dursleys wake up , I 'm dead , said Harry as he tied the rope tightly around a bar and Fred revved up the car .	7	Indicative
Once I actually got back in my car , it was dirty and had grease all over the steering wheel .	10	Indicative
The price spikes pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need and want an easy way out .	3	Indicative
He turned on the television and watched the first two innings of the Mets game .	6	Indicative
Quality and service come first here .	3	Indicative
There 's that to be said for it .	1	Indicative
i have never tried feeding him a pinky that was bigger around than he is .	14	Indicative
After talking with you and Professors Titman , Brown and Jemison , I was sure that UT was the right place to continue learning about energy - finance .	17	Indicative
However , we waited and waited and in the mean time , saw 4 groups of people simply just paraded in without signing there names .	5	Indicative
I urge all St. Thomas the Apostle parishioners and all of South Florida residents to come see Gus !!!	1	Indicative
It has three parallel chapels at the apse and many lateral chapels between the buttresses .	1	Indicative
Do you shoot an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another , always surrounded by children ?	7	Indicative
And I 'll be instructing the State Prosecutor to act when I 'd rather not , too .	12	Indicative
And on April 3 his chief aide in Najaf was suddenly arrested along with 13 other members of his organization , and the Coalition forces are put into violent conflict with his organization , which leaves 7 US soldiers dead .	9	Indicative
The papers found at headquarters of the Mukhabarat , Iraq 's secret police , show that an entourage from Al Qaeda group was sent to the Iraqi capital in March 1998 from Sudan .	22	Indicative
My advise to all is I have fallen into this trap ... pl ensure you do nt !!!	6	Indicative
We 've grown up .	1	Indicative
It was Khalid Mohammed who told authorities about Aafia Siddiqui , who has a PhD from Brandeis in neurology .	5	Indicative
I apologize , I 'm on the road and have n't heard when that will be .	4	Indicative
ANA took this approach by creating a Facebook page to acquire interested users for ongoing messaging opportunities and developing a compelling advertising campaign .	1	Indicative
" Some sections of the city which are dry now could see nine or 10 feet ( some 3 m ) of water , " he said .	7	Indicative
I saw her sometimes : in a bright pink dress , a sparkling drink in her hand , on the arm of some foreign officer with brocade on his shoulders , at the edge of a marble patio .	1	Indicative
If you can smell the cupcakes earlier , check to make sure they are n't browning earlier ( this means they 're more than ready ) .	19	Indicative
There remained the problem of how to occupy his thoughts as he followed the old man .	12	Indicative
It is only if the disadvantages equal the advantages that we should use the precautionary principle .	1	Indicative
In some cases the result is because of understaffing , in some cases the staff just does n't care / know better .	5	Indicative
Do you think he 's teething ?	4	Indicative
If anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments , please give me a call .	15	Imperative-Jussive
Also , do n't forget to try out Korea 's famous amusement parks ! : Lotte World , Everland , and Carribbean Bay !	4	Imperative-Jussive
By comparing my observations to what my colleagues and predecessors had found , I figured out what group it belongs to , and was able to determine that within that group , it was a new species .	10	Indicative
During this period , they offer cheap air tickets to their country on certain flights .	5	Indicative
César was personally informed of Pompey 's actions by Curio , who at that time had finished his term in office .	1	Indicative
The main reason is Google is more accessible to the global community and you can rest assured that it 's not going to go away .	19	Indicative
She said , There 're bulbs like you see in films round the star 's dressing-table , and they light up and spell INDEPENDENCE HURRAH .	8	Indicative
Under our Constitution , this nomination can not take effect unless and until the United States Senate gives its Consent , as described in our Constitution , Article II , Section 2 .	17	Indicative
You ca n't hate something so violently unless a part of you also loves it .	13	Indicative
I sent a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was .	13	Indicative
As he turned the question over in his mind , it occurred to him that he no longer had an opinion .	18	Indicative
China we have current data already	2	Indicative
I went to get my nails filled Friday , by Monday 2 were broken .	1	Indicative
I would say if he does not call you back by friday call him again he could be playing hard to get ?	12	Imperative-Jussive
There are several businesses on Chatham Island that will rent you a vehicle .	1	Indicative
Going there you learn the school does not care about the services given just about the money .	6	Indicative
I 'm assuming they are completely out of business since I ca n't find any contact information .	1	Indicative
Hiller asked , inquiring about Gen. Pervaiz Musharraf , who seized control of the country October 12 .	10	Indicative
The document which had the stamp Protected B on every page detailed various security vulnerabilities of the NEMISIS database which is used by officers to track and prosecute environmental law-breakers .	11	Indicative
Abnormal feathering , constant preening , or delays in egg-laying are all signs of a stressed chicken .	10	Indicative
In 1538 the Spanish Inquisition cautioned its members not to believe everything the Malleus said .	14	Indicative
While there was some fur and blood on the nine - centimetre blade , Dr. Fortier said he does n't think he hurt the bear badly .	22	Indicative
I did n't expect to react that way , but when I was looking around my workplace in Nashua , New Hampshire , and everyone else looked pretty much like me , it was really very eerie .	26	Indicative
Even a cotton cloth ( I like diapers ) that is barely damp w water will work fine .	10	Indicative
" I wonder if he 's praying for you . "	2	Indicative
Also , if you remove a field and later add the field back to the layout , the same items are again hidden .	4	Indicative
Once again , thank you all for an outstanding accomplishment .	3	Indicative
During the Nazi occupation , Łódź was incorporated directly into the Third Reich .	6	Indicative
It can be seen across the water from Neiafu and is connected by land bridge at the most southern point of ‘Utu Vava’u .	10	Indicative
Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said the governor felt " betrayed " by the actions of Winter .	4	Indicative
No more than a general impression – even though he was there , looking at those things with his own eyes .	10	Indicative
But succintly making point after succint point , the text of the letter stands on its own merit , regardless .	13	Indicative
But it really does not matter .	3	Indicative
Parliament agreed to urgent procedure for 22 March	1	Indicative
your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey .	21	Indicative
We are told we must balance interests but , quite frankly , all interests are not equal .	1	Indicative
Police said Bernard confessed to detectives that he had sex with a young girl in November 2002 and admitted to knowing about sexual acts involving children and a dog that occurred at Hosanna Church .	1	Indicative
The bird was on the roof of the round , thatched guest room in the garden of his old friend Roland Dando – a Welshman – newly appointed as Attorney-General .	2	Indicative
When their precious cartoons are released I highly doubt it will look like the end of the world .	4	Indicative
Their so called mechanic said the engine was good and " There is nothing mechanicly wrong with this truck " .	7	Indicative
To do this , choose pads ( the flat , oval-shaped sections that make up a cactus ) that are 6 months old or older and cut them at the base .	13	Indicative
Comments are much appreciated .	1	Indicative
His fellow judges love him .	3	Indicative
Using a sample of 20 developed countries , they find a negative correlation between the financial sector 's share of GDP and the health of the real economy .	9	Indicative
Do n't even get me started on how expensive it is to drink there .	0	Indicative
PLEASE NOTE : Your pledge is to be made electronically - it only takes minutes .	13	Indicative
remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it , and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time .	13	Indicative
12 . Remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in Section 6.1 .	8	Indicative
Maybe it 's true that life begins at fifty ... but everything else starts to wear out , fall out , or spread out .	2	Indicative
I 'm you , and you 're me .	1	Indicative
Kitchen puts out good food and has daily specials .	6	Indicative
You 're done .	1	Indicative
Under his administration , the female vote was approved , political parties were legalised , all of the exiled were allowed to return and the remaining political prisoners were freed .	12	Indicative
That 's overstating it , I know .	1	Indicative
He was a first-class agent , young , gentlemanly , a bit reserved , with a forked little beard and a hooked nose .	1	Indicative
We wanted to see the sun - and we also got much more !	1	Indicative
Do n't go , or you will learn how to waste your money .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Too many continue to scrape together a living in a kind of La Bohéme garret .	2	Indicative
Then he began again , assuring me Mr. Kurtz was the best agent he had , an exceptional man , of the greatest importance to the Company ; therefore I could understand his anxiety .	14	Indicative
It has an ideology which claims supremacy over Western culture .	5	Indicative
Let me know if acceptable and I will go ahead and execute .	0	Imperative-Jussive
As these guidelines need to be approved by Houston , I am copying this to Mark , Alan and Jeff .	11	Indicative
when i watched werewolf in london ( great film ) that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors .	2	Indicative
Shakespeare 's early classical and Italianate comedies , containing tight double plots and precise comic sequences , give way in the Mid-1590s to the romantic atmosphere of his greatest comedies .	17	Indicative
No , I captained in 2010 .	3	Indicative
There still is a very hot pursuit of the " Atta - level " Floridian , Adnan El Shukrijumah , who Siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting .	22	Indicative
Did you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @ 2.975 ?	0	Indicative
First , the profitability of an innovation may not be a good measure of its net contribution to our standard of living .	7	Indicative
At the beginning of 1945 , the population was estimated at 300,000 .	8	Indicative
I regret this , but the vote has already been taken and the decision is made so let us leave the matter there .	14	Indicative
He 's ancient .	1	Indicative
As it moves over land , it is cut off from the source of energy driving the storm [ which is ] the evaporation of water from the warm sea surface ;	20	Indicative
Surgery visit timings were always made to suit me and not them and they gave me the feeling that I mattered and was important to them .	3	Indicative
The only neurological sign that he shows is that he barely drags his toes and sometimes has trouble with his right lead .	11	Indicative
I shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me .	6	Indicative
Maybe she meant if she made herself .	5	Indicative
Subsequently , the programme took off and the budget allocation was completely committed in 2003 and 2004 .	4	Indicative
Their selection is random , so what they have on a given week might never be available again at the store .	2	Indicative
The Caribbean Sea had been unknown to the populations of Eurasia until 1492 , when Christopher Columbus first sailed into Caribbean waters on a quest to find a sea route to Asia .	18	Indicative
In the street – I do n't know why – a queer feeling came to me that I was an impostor .	18	Indicative
It was difficult to realize his work was not out there in the luminous estuary , but behind him , within the brooding gloom .	1	Indicative
Harry felt a hot surge of anger .	1	Indicative
" I 'm pretty suspicious of making broad generalizations , " however , he cautioned .	14	Indicative
I am in need of test subjects and hope you will take it .	8	Indicative
Nina Chahine , 19 , who with her family was among the named plaintiffs in the lawsuit , said her wedding in the southern city of Tyre was set for July 13 .	9	Indicative
Do n't blame him please , he feels lonely and wants to show his attention to all of you to look after you , please forgive and sympathy if he miss something .	2	Imperative-Jussive
The best Thai food I 've ever had in Australia , very fresh and so much favor of authentic Thai .	5	Indicative
I just got back from france yesterday and just missed the food already !	2	Indicative
However Pakistani officials insist that the decision was unconnected to the tripartite meeting .	3	Indicative
We sued Houston Casualty last year but I do n't recall making any bad faith claims .	1	Indicative
Let us know your thoughts on this document and if you are comfortable with our using this until such time as the hybrid form is launched .	0	Imperative-Jussive
I 'm 61 years old and have dental problems my entire life .	6	Indicative
This is n't meant to begin a conflict , but to gauge their rivalries , annoyances and enmities .	1	Indicative
Intentions for 2005 show that the remaining amount will also be completely consumed .	3	Indicative
Other pro-Beijing candidates elected in this constituency were Gary Chan of DAB and Eunice Yung of New People 's Party .	7	Indicative
What 'll happen is that the Styrofoam peanuts will start moving through our society here , and they will accumulate in the drunkest , stingiest people .	3	Indicative
According to the Saudi Interior Ministry over 345 Muslim pilgrims have been killed in a stampede during the annual Hajj pilgrimage near Mecca , Saudi Arabia .	10	Indicative
I called the front desk and got no answer .	6	Indicative
While the report was being prepared , it was interesting to discuss the Union 's regional policy in general .	3	Indicative
In the early 17 th century , Shakespeare wrote the so-called " problem plays " Measure for Measure , Troilus and Cressida , and All 's Well That Ends Well and a number of his best known tragedies .	25	Indicative
I chalked it up to possible nerve damage , because this is what the vet thought and the other cheek muscle was fine and he had no theeth problems .	1	Indicative
By the way , Cullen and Dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to Melanie Gray .	13	Indicative
But Bout 's name is n't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives , before it sinks like so many others beneath the media 's frothing triviality .	19	Indicative
By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with , there was basically no design .	4	Indicative
However , New Orleans also had many affluent people , people who left town early as they had the means .	12	Indicative
Oh , you must make trip the young man said proudly .	9	Indicative
Our exploratory study included three basic steps .	3	Indicative
Pros : * Jill , the owner , is very nice and really cares about her feedback * Pretty nice atmosphere * Great Dessert * Not your typical veggie selection , I like !	32	Indicative
The chlorine and ammonia ( choramine ) are not good for the eggs .	7	Indicative
Lopez addressed the note which I had written , sealed it with his sleeve - link , and sent it by the hand of the servant , Jose .	9	Indicative
If your ruling is that I cannot give an explanation of vote , I accept that but accept with reservations .	3	Indicative
China 's wider aggression to secure oil and gas was the greatest threat to its international standing in the next decade .	9	Indicative
This somehow seemed embarrassing .	2	Indicative
This is to advise you that we have available , for your business or personal use , Stan 's four ( 4 ) WNBA Comets tickets .	7	Indicative
I 've a feeling there 's been a terrible mistake .	5	Indicative
Whilst youth jobs are thin on the ground , do n't assume it 's better in Oz .	13	Indicative
In fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .	31	Indicative
Although it had a prestigious past , the city 's political , economic , and cultural importance had declined over the centuries , leaving behind only its classical ruins as a reminder of better times .	2	Indicative
Aunt Petunias high , false laugh sounded from the living room .	6	Indicative
The Schlei and the wetlands between the Danevirke and Husum had frozen solid in a hard winter , and the territory immediately south of the Danevirke had been conquered by the advancing German army .	26	Indicative
Picture yourself sitting on a warm , tropical beach basking in the glow of the sun ... .	0	Imperative-Jussive
We elected to not do the EPM test because there was NO neurological signs .	1	Indicative
ok call me	1	Imperative-Jussive
This did n't help , as Harry had never heard of such a place .	1	Indicative
Mrs Weasley woke them all early the following Wednesday .	2	Indicative
I have no idea if that is related or farmers are doing a better job of clearing out opossums now because they know opossums are carriers , but we have n't had an EPM horse in at least 10 years .	6	Indicative
The good numbers in Asia promptly pushed the stock markets up .	6	Indicative
As the car rattled through the park toward the West Side , Quinn looked out the window and wondered if these were the same trees that Peter Stillman saw when he walked out into the air and the light .	21	Indicative
This is what persuades us to vote in favour of it .	3	Indicative
Ukraine depends on Russian gas , and it needs access to European markets for its products ;	1	Indicative
The so called ' Tanker ' wars in the late 1980s put Iran squarely in the bullseye of all nations seeking to transport oil out of the region .	11	Indicative
The best pizza ever i m fat so i ve had a ton of pizza other than pizza from chicago it s the best	9	Indicative
If you must use a cleaner , pledge should be fine if the area that you keep your parakeet in is well ventilated .	16	Indicative
Historically important and economically crucial for these islands today , Port Hutt is the ideal location for a short browse around and a mecca for those photography buffs [ 2 ] .	12	Indicative
We have already recommended you to some of our friends !	1	Indicative
My father heard it , too , but he pretended not to , at least he did n’t turn his head .	16	Indicative
What do they want to hear how you had to go round to the back door of the missionary 's house ?	1	Indicative
You really got me thinking , I enjoy reading this blog .	2	Indicative
All you have to do is become a member and watch your earnings grow !	2	Indicative
Also , if you remove a field and later add the field back to the layout , the same items are again hidden .	20	Indicative
We then called the office and the man we spoke to said he 'd send someone out to look at it but could n't promise when - two weeks came and went and we heard nothing .	2	Indicative
Firstly , the amendment of the concept of authorised applicants which allows any natural or legal person to request infrastructure capacity .	11	Indicative
This is a " test email send " of the WPO Forum Group from Richard Everett .	1	Indicative
Aside from that little * mystery * , one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong I was about how another dress that I loved compared to one of her dresses that I was trying on .	28	Indicative
I am willing to pull the EPM test and treat .	1	Indicative
They offer an exceptional compensation package including a healthy salary , comprehensive benefits program , and ample room for associates to grow within the firm .	1	Indicative
I think it was in the Lincoln Square area but do n't quote me on that .	1	Indicative
Looks good .	0	Indicative
He was patient and adapted when everything did n't go according to schedule on my wedding day .	1	Indicative
She is friendly when we see each other on campus .	5	Indicative
These islands sit aside the vital sea lanes of the Strait of Malacca , through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily , bringing in oil for the Far East and Southeast Asia .	21	Indicative
Corresponding with Woods by e-mail , I tried my hand at uncovering an etym .	7	Indicative
There are several campsites that allow tourists to barbeque on the beach with beautiful mountain views in the background .	1	Indicative
This command displays the Import dialog box so that you can select an XML document as well as a schema , which describes the structure of the data .	22	Indicative
Is it only girls you hire ?	0	Indicative
The legend says that the King of Athens , Theseus unified the ten tribes of early Athens into one kingdom ( c. 1230 BC ) .	2	Indicative
People who study ballet also retain flexibility throughout their adult lives , making this technique the basis of training for all types of dance .	5	Indicative
There are three Starbucks locations that I frequent .	7	Indicative
His preferred method was to eat a light meal at five or six in the afternoon , then sleep until midnight .	3	Indicative
Our advertising revenue funds community meetups and has even allowed us to donate over $ 60,000 to charities such as the Wikimedia Foundation and Creative Commons .	7	Indicative
To start we tried the guacamole and salsa verde , it was completly flavorless .	11	Indicative
Also very friendly and the stylists are not in the " been there / done that " mood !	6	Indicative
The wife smiled her smile , said she was glad to meet Quinn as though she meant it , and then extended her hand to him .	6	Indicative
Any time ... we 'd be very pleased ...	4	Indicative
The US lost yet another helicopter to hostile fire near Habbaniyah in the Sunni heartland , but this time the crew was safe .	21	Indicative
Do you always seem to cross paths with people who are stuck on themselves , intolerant of people different from them , rude or downright arrogant ?	10	Indicative
The Phoenix and the Turtle , printed in Robert Chester 's 1601 Love 's Martyr , mourns the deaths of the legendary phoenix and his lover , the faithful turtle dove .	16	Indicative
i am going to my grandma s in north carolina and we are going camping in a cabin in west virginia .	12	Indicative
she will start to calm down and feel safe - you can bet she does n't now .	14	Indicative
PLEASE DO N'T USE THIS MOVING COMPANY IF YOU DO N'T WANT TO : CRY , HAVE TROUBLE AND A BAD EXPERIENCE ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE .	3	Imperative-Jussive
He 's a good chap , if they 'll let him alone , he 's learnt a lot , and one 's done what one could ...	14	Indicative
I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee 's position in connection with the enforcement / nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking .	11	Indicative
Name something you find at a carnival that comes on a stick ?	0	Imperative-Jussive
The Iraqi Islamic Party lead by Muhsin Abdul Hamid , has been among the few Sunni Muslim groups willing to cooperate ( even if rather lukewarmly ) with the Americans .	10	Indicative
Not once did I feel listened to like they actually cared about what I wanted , all they were interested in was me signing a contract right then and there .	18	Indicative
We 've got a page dedicated to issues around hospitals ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/dna/actionnetwork/C55153 ) and a group called NHS SOS have already put up a campaign about ward closures in Cumbria .	19	Indicative
I wish I could have a slice for every single meal .	1	Indicative
I go every other week for the shallac / gel manicure which is only $ 25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks !	1	Indicative
My question is related to Mr Smith 's question .	2	Indicative
Asked for bar - b - que sauce never got it .	0	Indicative
I do n't know about the playstation situation but I do know that Microsoft has said they do n't see the Xbox 360 as being even halfway through its lifetime .	10	Indicative
Little evidence substantiates such stories other than hearsay collected after his death , and Shakeshafte was a common name in the Lancashire area .	8	Indicative
As a result , Tulsa breaks the Oklahoma stereotype of being nothing but a flat , arid dust bowl .	5	Indicative
I my self am one but appreciate that the organization is unlikely to make into the 22nd century .	3	Indicative
As for Quinn , there is little that need detain us .	5	Indicative
It did so again during this legislature , in July , and then , in September , it voted once more to approve the whole Commission .	1	Indicative
It was strange , he thought , how quickly time had passed in the Stillman apartment .	11	Indicative
He was wearing long green robes which were dusty and travel-worn .	7	Indicative
And when they come back , too ? I asked .	9	Indicative
If you see a dark spot in the egg , that means it is fertilized and will hatch if cared for properly .	13	Indicative
At a time when the Spanish , Thai and other contingents are already committed to leaving , and the UN is reluctant to get involved ?	11	Indicative
It has seen a period of decline between the 1960s and the more recent past .	1	Indicative
But , while Marx 's belief that capital and labor were substitutes , not complements , was a mistake in his own age , and for more than a century to follow , it may not be a mistake today .	16	Indicative
Its police includes a special unit which operates patrol and surveillance boats .	7	Indicative
You can establish you own rules as to how a player catches the snitch .	11	Indicative
The Commission has already established a number of actions to help them .	2	Indicative
In the summer , Georges and his wife returned to Switzerland , accompanied by Rosane , an 18 year old who was the daughter of one of Germaine 's friends .	21	Indicative
Let me know if this is your understanding , as well .	5	Indicative
Children swept in and out , belligerently pleasure-seeking .	1	Indicative
Anyway , I 'm sure I 'd mentioned it before but yes she is a very smart girl .	6	Indicative
Most of us believe in crafting laws and instilling order .	3	Indicative
" When I left , " he said , laughing , " the hostages wept and begged me to stay . "	7	Indicative
Shakespeare 's next comedy , the equally romantic Merchant of Venice , contains a portrayal of the vengeful Jewish moneylender Shylock , which reflects Elizabethan views but may appear derogatory to modern audiences .	28	Indicative
In case of an earthquake , stay under a sturdy table and do n't go outside as possible debris will fall .	14	Imperative-Jussive
It was ok , nice management , they let us check in early , but the place was old .	1	Indicative
They felt it was overdone , mean-spirited and not funny .	1	Indicative
I should have asked then but i did n't the only line i remember is de lunde bar .. or something like that .. does anybody know which song i am talking about ?	14	Indicative
The revolt took two weeks to be suppressed by the Republican Guard .	2	Indicative
Golden Gate Park , which is over four kilometers in length , offers a botanical garden , planetarium , Japanese garden and an aquarium .	12	Indicative
The next morning , and for many mornings to follow , Quinn posted himself on a bench in the middle of the traffic island at Broadway and 99th Street .	12	Indicative
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	24	Indicative
Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest .	1	Indicative
It 's not too comfortable for a man your height , Colonel .	1	Indicative
My skylight was making a horrible noise when the wind blew .	2	Indicative
New York 's main contract , light sweet crude for delivery in November rose 60 cents to close at 66.80 dollars per barrel .	13	Indicative
Now I 'm able to play the piano pretty well .	2	Indicative
I hope you get your answer .	3	Indicative
Then Charles A. Briggs came to the rescue .	4	Indicative
So if you lose him , he is easier to find , because smaller rodents just LOVE to escape from their cages .	7	Indicative
They call for " urgent implementation of mandatory iodisation of all edible salt in Australia . "	1	Indicative
It was not until he had his hand on the doorknob that he began to suspect what he was doing .	18	Indicative
An Afghan official at the meeting added , ‘’ The Americans now realise that the Taliban are a bigger threat to our security than Al Qaeda . ’’	6	Indicative
A common one is arsenic and there really is n't a way to cure that .	3	Indicative
Maybe he did n't do a good job and they told him so .	10	Indicative
He had only just reached the upstairs landing when the door bell rang and Uncle Vernon 's furious face appeared at the foot of the stairs .	19	Indicative
If this is a solo jump , which constitutes the minority of skydivers , your only recourse is to ensure that at least one of your own chutes opens .	2	Indicative
territory is very important to cats , and they are very nervous when they go into a new place - a new house could be full of predators , or unknown menaces - well at least he thinks so .	1	Indicative
They do n't seem to know anything but the hype they are told and the packages they have available to them .	11	Indicative
I have n't been able to find a shoe repair place in Seattle since that has been able to do it .	15	Indicative
I gave Dr. Rohatgi 2 stars because her assistant was very pleasant .	1	Indicative
Mr Vernon Dursley had been woken in the early hours of the morning by a loud , hooting noise from his nephew Harry 's room .	3	Indicative
Attached please find the latest enovate risk policy .	2	Imperative-Jussive
On the 1st January 49 BC , Marco Antonio read a declaration from Caesar in which the proconsul declared himself a friend of peace .	18	Indicative
Is it always about them ?	0	Indicative
Her zodiacal animal is the Monkey and her traditionally significant sixtieth anniversary year was 1992 .	3	Indicative
If you want to hear how much ugliness there is – yes .	2	Indicative
He was wounded at the Siege of Savannah on October 9 , 1779 .	1	Indicative
not only is this place too expensive for what it is , it s horrible !	13	Indicative
A pattern of arrests and seizures indicate that arms are brought by the LTTE from Laos , Cambodia and Thailand into Chittagong , from where they are transported northward by land to Bhutan .	9	Indicative
You who watch as budgets are cut in education and health care while you militarize a police force ?	5	Indicative
The whole experience shows a hotel managed by what must be a 2 star hotel manager .	3	Indicative
Japan 's special envoy , Yasushi Akashi , who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released , came back from visits to Colombo and Kilinochchi in early November a frustrated man .	24	Indicative
This acceptance of blatantly terrorist groups as legitimate freedom movements is a cancerous tumor on the United Nations and the media .	10	Indicative
I suggest Mr Evans goes back and reads the Regulation .	1	Indicative
From diplomats you hear cagey explanations ;	3	Indicative
... but basically , what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy ... lots of patience , lots of time , lots of praise , lots of treats , and lots of repition .... Right ?	7	Indicative
This entity was created in 2000 for the acquistion of WarpSpeed Communications ( now Enron WarpSpeed Services , Inc. 83N ) , and then dissolved upon completion of merger .	2	Indicative
click on the " + " for " Awaiting Approval " ( OR " Partially Approved " )	0	Imperative-Jussive
Ballet began in royal courts in the early 1600's , and early forms of this elegant and sophisticated art involved long skirts and wooden clogs .	1	Indicative
This proprietary Gel Suspension technology makes possible single serving packets of Gelceuticals .	5	Indicative
The epitaph carved into the stone slab covering his grave includes a curse against moving his bones , which was carefully avoided during restoration of the church in 2008 .	19	Indicative
So , therefore , now he says i am inoperable ( even though i am not 100 % inoperable ) , and he is letting me die .	23	Indicative
Thematically , Jasmine also represents civil rights , racial tolerance , social hierarchy , as well as life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness .	4	Indicative
He said that resistance was the only commonsense solution .	1	Indicative
The First World War brought about shifts and new developments in colonial politics .	4	Indicative
Extensive drink list and daily specials but wish they had a bit more on their food menu , although popcorn is a nice touch !	20	Indicative
Montalvo is holding a copy of the book Blown for Good critical of Scientology , written by Marc Headley .	1	Indicative
Gracee is more excited to see her than she is to see me !!!!	9	Indicative
Olivia played records with the living-room windows wide open so that the music came out to them .	1	Indicative
What disturbs is whether Americans understand the world at all , whether they are a match for the Russians the Sadats are in themselves comparatively unimportant .	2	Indicative
Climb Mount Fuji .	0	Imperative-Jussive
On 3 November , NASA administrator Michael Griffin told the US house science committee that the agency expects to invest about $ 500 million in the commercial cargo and crew project over five years .	8	Indicative
I waited for her to say more , but she did n't .	10	Indicative
And who that person was he had no idea .	4	Indicative
These responses have the added benefit of being natural launching points for conversations about your hobbies , like the writing you 're doing on the side and the great bourbon you tasted the other day .	31	Indicative
Fort Lee offers international cuisine and is famous for their pizzerias , delis and 24-hour diners , in addition to its Korean restaurants .	6	Indicative
Find a comfortable place on the floor and sit with your legs crossed .	0	Imperative-Jussive
But it is clear that not only did Bush slack off on his National Guard service , but he slacked off from his campaign work .	2	Indicative
There were only 15 minutes left of class .	1	Indicative
Stop gibbering , said Ron , we 've come to take you home with us .	0	Indicative
By the way , I am interested in re-looking at a Picasso ( although we have 2 ) that your gallery had a couple of years ago .	21	Indicative
Some Armenian prelates have joined us for coffee and take part in the discussion .	9	Indicative
The problem is that these factors are not amenable to isolated public - health interventions .	6	Indicative
Stop trying to pawn your brats off on others to " get a break " .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Harrison County in Mississippi bore the brunt of Hurricane Katrina as it slammed into Biloxi and Gulfport before heading inland .	12	Indicative
2 . We really liked the fact that Stuart sets defined objectives and we meet once a month to go over our Key Performance Indicators .	4	Indicative
The media routinely obscures the lines between terrorism and legitimate resistance , as the recent article by Daniel Okrent of The New York Times demonstrates .	3	Indicative
Our fellow citizens ' days and nights are becoming increasingly noisy .	7	Indicative
( 3 ) The ecodesign of products is a crucial factor in the Community strategy on Integrated Product Policy .	7	Indicative
If Keeper is close to their hoops they are safe from being hit by bludgers .	2	Indicative
Apart from these there are numerous cabs that ferry passengers between Sector - 37 crossing and Pari Chowk .	4	Indicative
But the rate of productivity growth in construction is low , and the value of many credit - fueled projects subsequently turns out to be low or negative .	21	Indicative
The directive is more modest .	2	Indicative
She added that recent visits to the island by India 's top military brass including army chief General Nirmal Chander Vij have " caused apprehension among Tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island " .	21	Indicative
The flight of Fei and Nie could mark the end of the opening chapter in a three - phase Chinese space initiative , Johnson - Freese said .	26	Indicative
Additionally , because this question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored as missing ( legitimate skip ) .	5	Indicative
Iran says it is creating nuclear energy without wanting nuclear weapons .	3	Indicative
I ve had cats for 35 years and the oldest cat I 've ever had was a 23 year old female and she was exceptional .	23	Indicative
When we compare male and female farmers with similar land sizes across similar settings , the productivity gap can be as high as 66 % , as it is in Niger .	2	Indicative
We therefore had to meet these two fundamental objectives and I sincerely believe that we are close to achieving this .	2	Indicative
The tape was a way to signal priorities .	2	Indicative
However the CBD is closed of to the public as a lot of it is still rubble and stuff and has n't been cleared away yet .	20	Indicative
There was a scrubbed wooden table and chairs in the middle and Harry sat down on the edge of his seat , looking around .	13	Indicative
Richard do you have any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in Texas or are you aware of any Enron has filed ??	21	Indicative
Bananas and plantains , which were first domesticated in Southeast Asia , most likely Papua New Guinea , were re-domesticated in Africa possibly as early as 5,000 years ago .	18	Indicative
We were a party of 4 and none of us were particularly pleased with our dishes .	10	Indicative
You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment , but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you .	3	Indicative
Paul Kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the FERC Meeting that was held Thursday , Nov. 9th .	2	Indicative
Rumsfeld , Wolfowitz and Feith staffed the CPA with Neoconservatives , most of whom had no administrative experience , no Arabic , and no respect for Muslim culture ( or knowledge about it ) .	5	Indicative
The bird was gone ; he knew , almost as if the breath 's weight of claws had pressed down the roof and now the pressure was released .	26	Indicative
“ Fucking airsurfers , ” says Derya .	5	Indicative
The Leads who are responsible for Associates are as follows :	3	Indicative
People are open minded thr since the place is frequented by Firangs .	1	Indicative
Are there still aftershocks ?	0	Indicative
But the terms that Russia is demanding , if accepted by the West , would fatally undermine Ukraine 's sovereignty ;	5	Indicative
Pan-democrat Gary Fan of the Neo Democrats failed to get re-elected in this constituency , and resigned from his leadership in his party due to its election defeat .	7	Indicative
My sister in law told me about this amazing new crepe place in town , I was so excited I just wanted to go and test it out for my self !	4	Indicative
I remember one of our ads that I had put in said , " If you think nice girls do n't do S&M , " -- I forgot what the rest of it said --	8	Indicative
At the age of one , Harry had somehow survived a curse from the greatest dark sorcerer of all time , Lord Voldemort , whose name most witches and wizards still feared to speak .	9	Indicative
There are only about 850 wolves in the West , but there are an estimated 31,000 mountain lions .	12	Indicative
I ended up buying a birthday card and would probably come back for more .	1	Indicative
5 kg per gun , 200,000 guns means 1000 tonnes , impossible for 4 containers .	7	Indicative
Was that the one where you were the captain of the team , in 2005 ?	0	Indicative
But , Madam President , my personal request has not been met .	8	Indicative
Almost 2600 persons participated in these events .	3	Indicative
It is the same virtuous circle that Wikipedia has enjoyed .	8	Indicative
This commitment is important because the Commission is a body with a monopoly of initiative in accordance with the Treaties and , therefore , basically dictates this Parliament 's political and legislative activity for the next five years .	7	Indicative
That 's very sweet of you , dear , but it 's dull work , said Mrs Weasley .	11	Indicative
Dobby has heard Dumbledore 's powers rival those of He Who Must Not Be Named at the height of his strength .	13	Imperative-Jussive
Now start to repeat within your mind the mantra : BABA NAM KEVALAM .	1	Imperative-Jussive
By Friday December 1st , could you please tell me the percentages / amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and November .	17	Indicative
He also writes for Aakrosh , India 's defense - tied quarterly journal .	2	Indicative
Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many of which they themselves created .	15	Indicative
The city reasoned , " because the users of the private schools pay a frequency fee , this kind of activity is considered as a commercial one " ( ( it ) ) .	2	Indicative
But I 've done hundreds of dog introductions myself ( another place , I do n't work here ) , and owners can have unrealistic expectations and views of what they see when their dogs meet other dogs .	2	Indicative
If you are unsure whether or not you need your passport then Faz will be able to help !	2	Indicative
The moon is nearly full .	2	Indicative
However , if they have been vomiting numerous times , then the blood could be due to irritation of the stomach and intestines .	4	Indicative
Currently Cargill and Enron have a 15 MM collateral threshold .	4	Indicative
hey kido u made me smile	3	Indicative
i flew here last night .	1	Indicative
' Ah ! So they talk of him down there , he murmured to himself .	12	Indicative
And the Tigers look as if they are on the brink of launching another offensive , " Muni told IPS .	18	Indicative
So far , every prediction in the modern era that mankind 's lot will worsen , from Thomas Malthus to Karl Marx , has turned out to be spectacularly wrong .	13	Indicative
Figures , of course .	0	Indicative
NASA is looking to private companies to launch both supplies and astronauts to the International Space Station , it announced this week .	19	Indicative
He has returned from a voyage , he is out in the sun shining from the hills of Moab , he is drinking aquavit with a dear friend , looking over at Mount Zion .	2	Indicative
It is accompanied by the further reflection ( partly proud , mostly bitter ) that we Jews seem to have a genius for finding the heart of the crisis .	17	Indicative
The object of the game is to score the most points and the game ends when the seeker snatches the snitch .	14	Indicative
I have terrible hair and he really takes his time to make it look right .	7	Indicative
But I am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day .	2	Indicative
He said yes .	1	Indicative
HOWEVER : you will pay as if there are 2 people in the cabin , even if it is just you .	8	Indicative
Wife and I attempted to adopt a dog and was nothing but frustrating .	3	Indicative
Nobody pays someone to keep their horse in shape and rides once a week , then takes all the ribbons at the show because their horse is good .	1	Indicative
For example , the report found that women face obstacles mobilizing the labor they need to help their farms flourish .	5	Indicative
Many tens of thousands of acres were planted in citrus and cotton and other crops , and for many years , intensive , year-round irrigated agriculture formed the basis of the economy .	26	Indicative
It s not any of you lol	1	Indicative
It s the only pizza place I recommend in Woodland Hills .	7	Indicative
Please help us by logging onto the Rockin on the River website at .	1	Imperative-Jussive
1596 , dating from the Saffavid era , the avenue is the most historically famous in all of Persia .	10	Indicative
Do n't think I do n't know I 've got some bad times coming to me , he said , as if taking up , in private , current talk about himself .	0	Imperative-Jussive
It is up to the railway undertakings to decide whether to do so more in the form of cooperation or of competition .	1	Indicative
Space Shuttle Challenger was lost when it exploded 73 seconds after liftoff back on January 28 , 1986 killing all six aboard .	3	Indicative
Go on !	0	Imperative-Jussive
Stardust is a NASA space capsule that collected samples from comet 81P/Wild ( also known as " Wild 2 ) in deep space and landed back on Earth on January 15 , 2006 .	1	Indicative
Additional resources are being allocated and the situation is being closely monitored ( both for quarter end signoff and on going operations ) .	8	Indicative
Which is why he did n't say we 're at war with Islamic people .	8	Indicative
When a truckle-bed with a sick man ( some invalided agent from up-country ) was put in there , he exhibited a gentle annoyance .	14	Indicative
We are the downtrodden and dispossesed , the self - torturing , the disenfranchised convicts , drug and alcohol addicts , the unemployed and unemployable .	1	Indicative
For more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video tutorial : http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html	8	Imperative-Jussive
They do n't seem to know anything but the hype they are told and the packages they have available to them .	17	Indicative
So was Darren there last night to meet her or do you just think they 'd make a good match ?	1	Indicative
it has 14 mega pixel camera ... n 4 x wide optical zoom ...	1	Indicative
Then I sat on the couch , placed one hand in the cage , holding a millet spray .	7	Indicative
I think that in this kind of structure there is a very gradual clarification of the relationship and the forth going on .	1	Indicative
If you like the drama described in popular sitcom ' Seinfeld ' , you will see it here .	2	Indicative
The hardest thing in running this business , which is why people ca n't do it , is the relationship that my wife has with the gals and with the customers .	9	Indicative
please support the link bellow which is excelnt , thank for your click and attention :	6	Indicative
this is not where the Blue Water Bridge Duty Free is located .	1	Indicative
I have many fond memories of my college evenings there long ago .	1	Indicative
The London public playhouses were repeatedly closed during extended outbreaks of the plague ( a total of over 60 months closure between May 1603 and February 1610 ) , which meant there was often no acting work .	30	Indicative
" [ Ten ] years ago , a browser was born .	9	Indicative
In Macbeth , for example , the language darts from one unrelated metaphor or simile to another .	8	Indicative
Throughout history , the international hair market has always had a political dimension , says Tarlo .	7	Indicative
But here is a mushroom that 's past its prime .	2	Indicative
Well , perhaps I am , then .	4	Indicative
I do see myself as a conservative	1	Indicative
Book readers evidently have n't got the passionate intensity of sports fans . "	5	Indicative
" I think everybody knows Andy Warhol 's name , even non-art people , that 's a name they might know because he was such a personality " , Water said .	15	Indicative
Also , please pass this along to everyone you know , and all of your email contacts .	9	Indicative
I know that I have the possibility of treating him and still having to put him down .	4	Indicative
Full name of the father is : " Nguyen Thanh Luan " ===> Full name of the son / daughter certainly is " Nguyen .......... " , for instance , " Nguyen Thi Thuy Lan " .	21	Indicative
When I get my hair done there , they use enough hairstyling products while it does not ruin your hair .	15	Indicative
I took my 2001 Nissan Frontier in to fix a cracked manifold .	1	Indicative
Google the term or find photography supplies websites and put it in the search box ( or look for studio equipment supplies ) .	17	Imperative-Jussive
Likewise , so long as member countries maintain fiscal sovereignty , a new mechanism to facilitate finger - wagging at countries that defy European budget rules will change nothing .	22	Indicative
He is said by one FBI agent to be " very , very , very " dangerous .	1	Indicative
What I know is that I have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in New Orleans .	3	Indicative
The essay , published as Undersea , was a vivid narrative of a journey along the ocean floor .	7	Indicative
A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated : will NBC have its best sports broadcasters following the event after having worked the Winter Olympics ?	4	Indicative
Scientists can argue all they want about how many degrees Celsius -- or Fahrenheit -- the planet is warming and what the trend portends , but meanwhile Earth 's plants , insects and animals are not waiting for the outcome .	34	Indicative
This is not the first time deadly stampedes have taken place during the Hajj , with the deadliest stampede during the 1991 Hajj , in which 1,426 pilgrims were trampled .	28	Indicative
I stayed for the remainder of the lecture .	1	Indicative
Oh , if you are confused .	4	Indicative
From May to September there are southeast trade winds but during the summer months the winds are from the northeast .	5	Indicative
A long time passed .	3	Indicative
Probably it is .	2	Indicative
I believe that offering this right to fork has been a key element of our success thus far .	8	Indicative
When they land , they strike other particles which may be jerked into the air in their turn , starting a chain reaction .	5	Indicative
The L.I.T is so close to Moyross , yet again the ppl who talk sh*t about Moyross still go there .	13	Indicative
Let me know if that does n't seem possible .	5	Indicative
I have also purchased an Appel in the last month .	1	Indicative
After he finished eating , Quinn wandered over to the stationery shelves .	2	Indicative
As a steady wind begins to blow , fine particles lying on the exposed ground begin to vibrate .	15	Indicative
Not only am I being bilked for money I do not owe , the office staff is rude to boot .	9	Indicative
I need suggestions on restaurants in San Francisco with good food and good catering service .	1	Indicative
As he walked , Stillman did not look up .	5	Indicative
Take the red line to Clark , then you turn right .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Chicken salad salad is great too .	3	Indicative
The thing to do is to bring the right clothing with you , clothes so you can layer up if it is cold and take off layers when it warms up .	21	Indicative
Someone else I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty .	11	Indicative
At that time , the gurus and geniuses of Wall Street were predicting a 250 Dow and many were talking openly about the end of capitalism .	11	Indicative
The bravest of modern writers are the Mandelstams and the Sinyavskys .	5	Indicative
If that 's ok , how do you want your name to show up on the title and what address should I use ?	2	Indicative
make sure that you have a shallow dish of water for it .	0	Imperative-Jussive
They provide an emotional infrastructure for atrocities .	1	Indicative
We inherit our mode of appreciation from the Victorians , from a time of safety and leisure , when dinner guests knew better than to smoke after the main course , when Levantines were Levantines and culture was still culture .	21	Indicative
It is good that , in establishing the present regulations , we can also be flexible .	12	Indicative
Bray saw Margot Wentz put up her head with a quick grimace-smile , as if someone had told an old joke she could n't raise a laugh for .	17	Indicative
I ca n't believe there are no serious metal fans who frequent RI .	11	Indicative
If you should miss a meal , you also missed a great show .	9	Indicative
With regard to the aspects of euro protection , where the responsibility belongs to the Member States , expertise was systematically sought in their specialised services .	12	Indicative
Mweta had the mummified look of one who has become a vessel of ritual .	8	Indicative
It seemed to be a kind of soundless laughter , a joke that stopped short of its punchline , a generalized mirth that had no object .	23	Indicative
The pictures are broadcast at a rate of about 60 Hz , which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving , flawless picture .	2	Indicative
That was last night , the second night Renata did n’t come home .	1	Indicative
Think of all life , if you will , as one great choir or one grand congregation .	0	Imperative-Jussive
I think he did it on purpose because of my simple request for another slice of grandma that was n't so well - done ( actually , burnt ) .	1	Indicative
Mr Weasley took Harry 's glasses , gave them a tap of his wand and returned them , good as new .	7	Indicative
All rights not expressly granted by Licensor are hereby reserved .	7	Indicative
I ran into Corey last night at LW s and I am thinking this is a girl for Darren .	11	Indicative
I have just another brief comment on the foreign trade aspect .	1	Indicative
Warhol was close to important touchstones of the 1960s , including art , music , consumer culture , fashion , and celebrity worship , which were all buzzwords and images Wikinews observed at USI 's opening exhibit .	31	Indicative
then I think I just kind of stopped smiling and just kind of sat there looking at the dates .	13	Indicative
I have never been there .	1	Indicative
By the way , I am interested in re-looking at a Picasso ( although we have 2 ) that your gallery had a couple of years ago .	5	Indicative
This is the year you 'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you 're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life .	18	Indicative
If you wonder why there is misery and curse in your house , it is because you own some L.P , CD or another article related to the CURSED BY GOD Beatles and Rolling Stones .	2	Indicative
Had to keep in mind that the A / C broke , I feel bad it was their opening !	0	Indicative
Enjoy the restful periods when you can .	0	Imperative-Jussive
When starting off , follow closely to a language you like .	10	Indicative
It is my childhood revisited .	1	Indicative
I may not have to pay a penalty , yet , but this is NOT what I had in mind when hired these guys .	17	Indicative
They said that we were to be charged for this room regardless because we did not cancel within the 72 hours .	14	Indicative
People were arriving , and the younger one was walking back and forth introducing them .	8	Indicative
I just finish reading a really good book ( it was actually a ebook ) from some new series called the The Tale of Terra .	2	Indicative
" In his own novels James explored more of the psychological motives of the characters and less of the historical sweep exhibited by Balzac - a conscious style preference .	6	Indicative
She smiles at my discomfiture .	1	Indicative
I 'm sorry to disturb you , Quinn apologized . But I 'm looking for Paul Auster .	1	Indicative
Make sure that it is a language that while speaking , you do n't get a literal knot in your tongue !	12	Indicative
* Maintains the core aggregation program with some adjustments .	1	Indicative
Equipment is state of the art .	1	Indicative
Reports from Port Blair make it evident that New Delhi gets little on - the - ground intelligence , and the Indian Coast Guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands .	24	Indicative
While the ominous possibilities of heightened Iraqi chaos , missiles in the Gulf , and Syrian involvement loom large if the US attacks Iran , all pale in comparison to the involvement of China in any US / Iran engagement .	22	Indicative
Let me know what you think .	5	Indicative
If You create a Derivative Work , upon notice from any Licensor You must , to the extent practicable , remove from the Derivative Work any reference to such Licensor or the Original Author , as requested .	13	Indicative
For $ 4 it was a nice break from the monotony of winter indoors with a toddler .	4	Indicative
You know about rotating your tires , do n't you ?	1	Indicative
that is precisely the time when you may , if you wish , raise this question , i.e. on Thursday prior to the start of the presentation of the report .	11	Indicative
I recommend to you , even though most of you do not understand Arabic , to watch Al Jazeera , from time to time .	1	Indicative
I schedule my weekly appointment here just to get a chance to lie comfortably on my tummy .	1	Indicative
But the cynicism declined as his oeuvre progressed , and the characters of Illusions Perdues reveal sympathy for those who are pushed to one side by society .	20	Indicative
But other people do like the way they think he will vote , and the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the ones who oppose him .	8	Indicative
" Sudan is the primary example , " he said .	9	Indicative
In 2003 , he dominated in the points standings and leading the last 33 of 36 races and became the 2003 NASCAR Winston Cup champion , the last driver to ever hold that title .	18	Indicative
Why are no - smoking areas not enforced ?	1	Indicative
The relevant standards which have been laid down in another Directive , 95 / 35 / EC , seem sufficiently adequate to advise people in a responsible manner on the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods .	4	Indicative
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	34	Indicative
Pets Discount has lovely employees , a wonderful grooming service , and everything I need to keep my dog in tip top condition !	14	Indicative
To a certain extent , ensuring equal opportunities for men and women is like trying to attain the unattainable .	12	Indicative
They should not be about creating additional layers of bureaucracy and red tape .	1	Indicative
As we discussed yesterday , Laird and I spoke and we think that the presentation is good to go for Thursday .	2	Indicative
Like all oil place changes , ask / recommend the 100 other services they have .	14	Indicative
Al - Lihaibi was running in elections and is now said to have withdrawn following this incident .	8	Indicative
their pizza was a little salty for me , but it s still good .	11	Indicative
Steve Whitmore , a representative for the LA Sheriff 's office , told LA Weekly in a statement that the case involving Montalvo was being dealt with as charges relating to grand theft .	12	Indicative
Over the centuries some readers have posited that Shakespeare 's sonnets are autobiographical , and point to them as evidence of his love for a young man .	5	Indicative
Open your eyes .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Promote your Facebook Page or website .	0	Imperative-Jussive
The word ' ivory ' rang in the air , was whispered , was sighed .	10	Indicative
never response the phone call	1	Indicative
Sounds like your cat is stressed out .	4	Indicative
Do not use these guys .	0	Imperative-Jussive
It 's probably not a wise idea to keep studying and having a massive student loan .	1	Indicative
My family loves coming to Endo Sushi . They are very nice , it is never crowded , and the food is wonderful , very delicious and fresh !	14	Indicative
The moment the door had closed , Mr Borgin dropped his oily manner .	9	Indicative
He was quiet .	1	Indicative
Food is often expired so check the dates every time !	1	Indicative
Cindy said Jaime has grown up very much .	1	Indicative
I do n't suppose he 's going to turn up for the honour of standing in the crowd and waving a flag , eh ?	1	Indicative
Bananas and plantains , which were first domesticated in Southeast Asia , most likely Papua New Guinea , were re-domesticated in Africa possibly as early as 5,000 years ago .	5	Indicative
I had to ask the greeter , he explained his reasons with broken English .	1	Indicative
This Treaty shall enter into force on 1 January 2007 provided that all the instruments of ratification have been deposited before that date .	17	Indicative
No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked	13	Indicative
Please do be informed that this business transaction is 100 % legal .	2	Imperative-Jussive
U.S. industrialist Andrew Carnegie started a hero fund in 1904 after being inspired by rescue stories from a mine disaster that killed 181 people .	4	Indicative
Napoleon was confident that the clear success of Austerlitz could lead to a general peace treaty , but his hopes were soon dashed : the new British Prime Minister Lord Grenville refused any agreement , and so did Tsar Alexander .	37	Indicative
Then the desserts came , and they were hands down the best dessert we ever had .	7	Indicative
For example , if the chart summarizes sales revenue , and the source data also includes sales quantities , you might add the Quantity field as a data field to summarize both revenue and quantity of products sold .	15	Indicative
Email Us	0	Imperative-Jussive
Hence , I think that we have to reference the manufacturer .	6	Indicative
Creative Commons will not be liable to You or any party on any legal theory for any damages whatsoever , including without limitation any general , special , incidental or consequential damages arising in connection to this license .	2	Indicative
Male mosquitoes do not bite , so their release presents no health risk , and , because their progeny die , no genetically engineered mosquitoes persist in the environment .	25	Indicative
I have called Mark Lay and left a message on his voice mail .	1	Indicative
The old man had become part of the city .	4	Indicative
What is behind the suicide murders ?	1	Indicative
Saddam killed every month more people than all those who died from suicide murders since the Coalition occupation of Iraq .	10	Indicative
How can we license individual operators if we do not make that separation ?	8	Indicative
In May , Czech border guards shot two Sudeten German farmers who were trying to cross the border into Czechoslovakia without stopping for border controls .	6	Indicative
He 's not giving 85 % away , he 's giving a number of shares each year that decrease in number at the rate of 5 % a year ( until gone ? ) .	1	Indicative
" At some point , Patricia tripped or the bear tripped her and was at her back .	13	Indicative
All right , said Quinn at last .	3	Indicative
They also claimed Paris was a volunteer and claim she has a vested interest for misrepresenting her experiences with the Church .	4	Indicative
is it possible to combine the standard isda and our confirm into a single long form ?	0	Indicative
Yep , the females are just getting to him ... dads ..	4	Indicative
Love ya .	0	Indicative
They were dying slowly – it was very clear .	1	Indicative
Does free speech protect you when you shout " fire " in a crowded theater ?	7	Indicative
Let me know if we need to discuss anything .	0	Imperative-Jussive
I must confess I do n't remember you .	4	Indicative
To get her to talk , although I was tired of lingua and I did n't really want to think about anything .	14	Indicative
Secular Arab nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the Palestinians , and those in post-Saddam Iraq are no exception .	16	Indicative
Staff is super friendly , treat you as a friend .	1	Indicative
It 's a nice bike and it cost a lot of money .	1	Indicative
They set off together down the street .	1	Indicative
It 's a completed term , but it is supposed to come from ' Flap ! '	8	Indicative
Again , it was a good chance for me to get to know what I can do in this field and what I have to more focus on in school .	3	Indicative
However , I was n't going into any of these .	3	Indicative
Meanwhile , his reputation seems to be improving , although Bangs noted a " pretty interesting social dynamic . "	4	Indicative
Yo mama `s so fat , she could sell shade .	2	Indicative
The Union of Rationalist Atheists and Agnostics ( UAAR ) has launched a petition which now has more than 11,000 signatures , asking the government to respect and execute the sentence of the Supreme Court .	10	Indicative
None , just walk in to the service office and present all the identification you have to prove your identity .	10	Imperative-Jussive
Unemployent stays low because half the population oversees those " out of the workforce " , the dregs , the rabble , the enemy ?	1	Indicative
The US National Hurricane Center said Rita was " extremely dangerous " and could become a top - level category five storm on the Saffir - Simpson scale .	7	Indicative
Also these cults have multimillions yet the women and kids live in poverty so the leaders can live the high life .	3	Indicative
Related cross-cultural studies have resulted in insufficient statistical power , but interesting trends ( e.g. , Nedwick , 2014 ) .	3	Indicative
Alexanian said to Pablo Casals after a performance of some of the suites , You made three bad mistakes .	1	Indicative
In the end , however , this codependency was a marriage of convenience , not of love .	8	Indicative
But he was an inside / outside cat ( only one I owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats ) .	15	Indicative
The European Union is not a military organization .	3	Indicative
Women who have completed secondary or tertiary education are more likely to enter and remain in the labor market than their less educated counterparts .	8	Indicative
She is just being friendly in public because she does not want to offend you and she treats you like any other friend .	1	Indicative
I am 17 years old .	1	Indicative
The beverage is priced at US $ 8.00 , and upon an order for it , the bartender will recount for the customer the definition of the santorum neologism .	2	Indicative
do you get your visitor s visa immediately at the airport ?	0	Indicative
Looking for something on the casual side and we want it to be fun .	9	Indicative
What mosques exactly did they visit and who did they meet ?	8	Indicative
October 19 / 20 , Neil is out of town , so I have to pick Michael up from school ( leave at 430 )	6	Indicative
Scallops were overcooked and the foie gras was cold but the rest of the food was lovely .	7	Indicative
Al Qaeda 's regional operative , Hambali , who was at a key January 2000 meeting and supervised Sufaat , has been captured .	17	Indicative
By " sample return " of course I mean a mission that brings back extraterrestrial material .	8	Indicative
Last year we just knew we were going to the playoffs ; we knew we were going post-season .	6	Indicative
They believed that genuine democracy was now on its way .	5	Indicative
Republicans captured the Senate for the first time since 1952 , and gained 34 House seats , but the Democrats retained a majority .	12	Indicative
They do n't just dump your ingredients on and cook either , but carefully separate meat to the hotter parts of the grill and still manage to keep the veggies from turning to mush .	25	Indicative
Pittsburgh gets men on second and third , one out , so the Mets go to the bullpen for Allen .	14	Indicative
A fundamental change in working principles was brought about by Scotsman James Watt .	6	Indicative
We piled enormous amounts of pollution into the air and into the water .	1	Indicative
There 's also an option to send emoji , GIFs , custom memes and stickers via the platform , and connect your Twitter feed .	1	Indicative
In Microsoft Access 2000 using ADOX , you could programmatically create queries that used ANSI-92 SQL syntax .	13	Indicative
It s now my home .	1	Indicative
Contains custom groups as its items and appears as the parent of the field whose items you grouped .	7	Indicative
Moments like that must make you realize you have touched people who are n't normally touched by poetry .	8	Indicative
" When the characters reappear " , notes Rogers , " they do not step out of nowhere ;	12	Indicative
i have not gotten a good response so i think shanna and i are going to stay in town .	13	Indicative
" Wei has given some virtuoso performances with brush and ink , often incorporating several different techniques into a single work , " said Gordon S. Barrass , curator of the exhibition .	2	Indicative
He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law .	1	Indicative
I say why not ?	1	Indicative
Click the blue arrow to see the filter that is in effect .	0	Imperative-Jussive
I do know that most of the time this plant was not buring like it did in July and August of this year .	1	Indicative
Only a small minority of academics believe there is reason to question the traditional attribution , but interest in the subject , particularly the Oxfordian theory of Shakespeare authorship , continues into the 21 st century .	30	Indicative
As he passed the door to the living room , Harry caught a glimpse of Uncle Vernon and Dudley in bow-ties and dinner jackets .	11	Indicative
I am Lady Kingel and I hail from the United Legit Gaming Guilds of Guild Wars .	6	Indicative
He 'd been talking of nothing else for a fortnight .	1	Indicative
Actually working out there was good - the machines are nice and the classes are fun .	4	Indicative
Dostoevski , no mean judge of such matters , thought there was much to be said for the murderer 's point of view .	9	Indicative
If there are any objections you need to get back to me ASAP .	6	Indicative
Dengue fever is a leading cause of illness and death in the tropics and subtropics , with as many as 100 million people infected each year .	2	Indicative
She answers all questions asked and provides the best service i have ever seen .	6	Indicative
Oh and btw I live in los angeles look for places in like the lb area and torrance etc thanx ^_^	4	Indicative
" You 're ashamed of me , " he guessed , and Rachel kissed him and smiled and did n't say anything .	2	Indicative
Off season is good , however , the Disney cruises are almost ALWAYS completely booked .	10	Indicative
i need to hav sm good time spent with my gf .. in kerala .. in which all places in kerala shal i expect ambience and privacy for making love .. pls help . thank you	34	Indicative
Use an Extensible Stylesheet Language Transformation ( XSLT ) file to transform the data into an Access data format .	0	Imperative-Jussive
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	2	Indicative
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	19	Indicative
For this question I do n't know the ' preparedness ' of the Indian gov't to deal with this .	4	Indicative
Voldemort might be a ruin of his former self , but he was still terrifying , still cunning , still determined to regain power .	12	Indicative
After they showed up there was a little trouble to get my car unlocked , it took quite a bit of time but the job was well done .	5	Indicative
Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy , even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery ( as he had twice stated i must agree to ) .	28	Indicative
but during the 18 th century , critics began to respond to Shakespeare on his own terms and acclaim what they termed his natural genius .	8	Indicative
The impacts of climate change on the region and the globe are projected to increase substantially in the years to come . "	11	Indicative
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	20	Indicative
Japan 's special envoy , Yasushi Akashi , who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released , came back from visits to Colombo and Kilinochchi in early November a frustrated man .	9	Indicative
When something is unprecedented , it means it does n’t have a past , does n’t have a history .	14	Indicative
Retire young .	0	Imperative-Jussive
This item has been correctly placed on the agenda and will be put to the vote at 12 noon today .	2	Indicative
If conditions are favorable ( 78 - 82 F ) and the fish are obviously well fed as yours are , they will spawn .	13	Indicative
I am a licensed mental health counselor and I work with variety of mental health problems .	9	Indicative
I made noises with my heels but they were too loud so I stopped .	1	Indicative
I think 2012 is going to be a great year for Fujairah as we have A LOT of projects to be done by 2012 .	3	Indicative
We were having a major problem in maintaining cash .	1	Indicative
The European Commission maintains that everything depends on supply .	6	Indicative
I also know that you do n't get paid that much more in Australia than you do here .	5	Indicative
They were chased back into Laos and Cambodia with the ARVN in hot pursuit .	1	Indicative
Then we got put in a room with a huge gap under the door .... right next to the ice machine .	2	Indicative
And that 's the way the greatest bear market since the Depression worked its way down .	2	Indicative
Abby Freeman is our good friend who has non-Hodgkin lymphoma , and she needs your help !	7	Indicative
When he started out his poems were about beating drums , and blow , bugle , blow .	12	Indicative
We do not want to make the conditions of competition worse for some countries unilaterally and improve them for countries such as Austria or other transit countries .	1	Indicative
Ok maybe that is n't the right question , but my question is can you text from a united states number when you r in canada , can you send texts to another united states number ?	12	Indicative
He was the only man of us who still followed the sea .	9	Indicative
Now that Sibley is not a candidate for Lt. Governor , there is more freedom to open up and ask some difficult questions .	12	Indicative
If you can afford to go before , then by all means , GO .	13	Imperative-Jussive
It emphasizes consumerism , the belief that success always goes to people who merit it due to their abilities , dedication and qualifications , and reinforces , rather than changes , existing ideas related to gender , ethnicity and nationality .	9	Indicative
It emerged that Chiara , the girl who disappeared with Fabio , had a collection of satanic literature and paraphernalia in her bedroom .	12	Indicative
In 1928 , a 90 - hectare golf course was built in the north - eastern part of the park , next to the racetrack .	9	Indicative
Now the mites are finally closing in .	3	Indicative
Bush is reported to have asked a flustered Musharraf .	1	Indicative
Yes it 's ok .	2	Indicative
it usually takes 20 mins for a mezza luna , as they have to add pure delicious extract to the mix .	12	Indicative
The " recent events " are likely to be the attacks of 21 October that briefly took down popular websites such as Reddit , Twitter and Spotify as well as many others .	16	Indicative
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Needle has gone to great trouble with the hearing in committee .	9	Indicative
I used Birdies for our Annual Walk Against Drugs and Alcohol event .	1	Indicative
The magician behind the counter was wise enough not to sell it to me , but instead sold me two books which I still own today - " Scarne on Card Tricks " and " Scarne on Magic Tricks " .	17	Indicative
The following illustration shows how the row area will look with nested custom groups .	3	Indicative
He was quite alone , but where he was , he had no idea .	1	Indicative
We oppose the excessive control the central administration of the Union and its Member States exercises and we are calling for a reduction in the bureaucracy that has taken root in the drafting and implementation of programmes .	27	Indicative
I 'm going on a trip to Europe soon , and I need to find a good , quality raincoat .	12	Indicative
That 's a very good point .	1	Indicative
I tell them : why not just go with these guys ?	1	Indicative
It is also peak tourist season , which means there are far more people just about everywhere but the most remote corners of the island , and prices are at their highest .	28	Indicative
It is much easier to prepare than rice and is rapidly gaining in popularity , especially among vegetarians who value its high protein levels .	1	Indicative
After assuming absolute control over the country , he saw no further need for a legislature , and on October 12 , 1859 , he issued a decree formally abolishing the United States Congress .	9	Indicative
He looked through the yellow pages for the Auster Detective Agency .	1	Indicative
We 've experienced that .	1	Indicative
I read you were coming back , there was an article in the paper , my wife Margot sent it to me in Switzerland , so I thought it was you .	8	Indicative
After brushing the Florida Keys islands on Tuesday , Rita packed winds of about 240 kilometers an hour as it headed across the Gulf of Mexico .	20	Indicative
Sorry that this response looks so long .	4	Indicative
An indignant librarian , a middle-aged woman whose face is so hot it is almost fragrant with indignation , demands of me in a superdistinguished all but Oxonian accent , " How do you account for it ! "	9	Indicative
It took all the courage I could muster to make an appointment .	1	Indicative
On Wednesday , Mohamed and his father are to travel to the United Nations .	7	Indicative
Whereas recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom , justice and peace in the world ;	20	Indicative
If ever in Sicily please take the time to visit Anna Maria Jose Mudo and her familia .	5	Imperative-Jussive
On shore leave they wear civilian clothing now .	4	Indicative
There was a smell of woodsmoke ;	1	Indicative
Yes , I suppose I wo n't know my way around when I get into town .	13	Indicative
The Nellie , a cruising yawl , swung to her anchor without a flutter of the sails , and was at rest .	19	Indicative
I 'm you , and you 're me .	6	Indicative
You shop in supermarkets , you say good morning to friends on the telephone , you hear symphony orchestras on the radio .	6	Indicative
I remember signing my first autograph to a kid when I was 25 years old .	1	Indicative
The waiting staff is beyond impeccable ( they refold your napkin when you go to the bathroom ) .	8	Indicative
Thank you for helping to preserve my teeth .	0	Indicative
Bobby is a member of a bicycle team , while cycling this weekend , he and other members of his team were injured by a truck .?	1	Indicative
This sounds better than the limitations you were describing in the meeting .	7	Indicative
Beyond that point there was nothing : the random thoughts of men who knew nothing .	4	Indicative
He said , Certainly I thought of going back , then . Before we left .	5	Indicative
If you were of integrity , the program will continue and the money that so many others have received will come your way .	17	Indicative
Ukraine 's constitutional structure is for Ukraine 's citizens alone to decide .	4	Indicative
The program has been a postive experience for my children .	2	Indicative
The central station is at 319 S. Denver ( downtown ) .	3	Indicative
She was , however , reading a book , a paperback with a lurid cover , and Quinn leaned over ever so slightly to his right to catch a glimpse of the title .	18	Indicative
Ten years since they had been deported from the territory , ten years since she was a youngish woman of forty , and the girls were still schoolgirls .	25	Indicative
One of the people assassinated very recently in Sri Lanka was Mr Kumar Ponnambalam , who had visited the European Parliament just a few months ago .	10	Indicative
As of today , we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders ' letter dated November 16 , 2000 .	5	Indicative
“ Beijing believes its intervention is necessary to prevent a continued legislative paralysis in the city , ” he said .	19	Indicative
President Vladimir Putin said Russia is will have new nuclear weapons that other countries do not and will not have .	5	Indicative
Your career opportunities will expand exponentially , and you 're likely to change jobs or positions this year .	9	Indicative
“ Freeloaders drive systemic evolution , ” you find yourself saying .	8	Indicative
The new TW Hotline was implemented Monday which included customer notification in the form of a Popup message in TMS and a Critical Notice which sent an Email .	4	Indicative
Sections 1 , 2 , 5 , 6 , 7 , and 8 will survive any termination of this License .	14	Indicative
The Liberty also visited its private island Half Moon Cay , Puerto Rico , and Grand Turk .	3	Indicative
The many light toys such a swords , devil ears , and lanterns turn the milling crowd into a unique light show that can be observed by climbing the steps of the 70 meter memorial hall on the grounds .	13	Indicative
I took the weekend off and came in and asked for the manager who is Jeff and he remembered her right away even remembered her dog , I was a bit shocked that someone would pay that close attention .	23	Indicative
Now I hide a lot less . " )	2	Indicative
You scream .	1	Indicative
We thought you might like to know who your colleagues find interesting , so we 've provided a sampling of the suggestions below .	15	Indicative
New York was the nowhere he had built around himself , and he realized that he had no intention of ever leaving it again .	13	Indicative
If you do not receive the Republican nomination , would you consider running as a third party candidate ?	2	Indicative
Now imagine that infinite happiness is surrounding you in every direction .	1	Imperative-Jussive
Please let us know if you need anything else .	6	Indicative
Jealousy of your achievements or seeming lifestyle can cause another person to feel smug or arrogant about something they think they do better than you or own / have that you do n't .	19	Indicative
The mass murder happening right now in Sudan , where the Arab Moslem regime is massacring its black Christian citizens , has nothing to do with Israel .	21	Indicative
I 'm firing my editor .	1	Indicative
Training and technical assistance plays an important role in this respect , hence the need to continue the Pericles programme .	4	Indicative
Anyway , that 's another story , said Wentz .	3	Indicative
Meditation has to do with what is called ideation .	1	Indicative
I have too many commitments right now .	1	Indicative
Please ask her to be the contact person .	1	Imperative-Jussive
Captured by the Vikings 866 , the city quickly took on a new identity as Jorvik ( pronounced " Yor-vik " ) and experienced a major urban revival as a centre of Viking trade and settlement in northern England .	23	Indicative
If in dongle you mean USB stick then yes USB sticks are the same any were you go :) hope that answered your question .	11	Indicative
Both of these men are heavily involved in the private sector of the space industry , and both are also involved with another space company called SPACEHAB .	4	Indicative
I am made to feel special when I am in the chair and I have NEVER had a less than amazing cut or color experience .	1	Indicative
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed , the price was Non-Bondad .	12	Indicative
Given the volume of content this represents , it is easy to forget that the television series itself is an adaptation of a book series with a pre-existing fandom .	18	Indicative
The cliff was not in the way or anything ; but this objectless blasting was all the work going on .	14	Indicative
Since they knew our preferences , we almost always went along with their menu suggestions and were never sorry we did .	20	Indicative
Mailing them to the house iis fine .	5	Indicative
I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions ( first Argentina ) and thought your expertise would be very helpful .	17	Indicative
The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .	22	Indicative
It is close to bus lines for Opera Plaza , Galleries Lafayette , and the famous flea Market .	1	Indicative
Both India and Afghanistan deny the claim .	4	Indicative
If Israel were governed as Egypt is , or Syria , would I have come here at all ?	13	Indicative
If you see a dark spot in the egg , that means it is fertilized and will hatch if cared for properly .	2	Indicative
Jens Otto Harry Jespersen or Otto Jespersen ( Danish : [ ʌtˢo ˈjɛsb̥ɐsn̩ ] ; 16 July 1860 – 30 April 1943 ) was a Danish linguist who specialized in the grammar of the English language .	23	Indicative
I do n't know , the O.J. Simpson ….	1	Indicative
He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .	1	Indicative
This town needs some food soul and this is not it .	8	Indicative
He wandered through the station , then , as if inside the body of Paul Auster , waiting for Stillman to appear .	1	Indicative
This boat has serviced the islands for many years , but does not carry passengers .	11	Indicative
It contained 36 texts , including 18 printed for the first time .	7	Indicative
Her high school graduation picture was an aerial photograph .	5	Indicative
If you want to make changes to the design of the resulting page , you can open the page in Design view and make any changes you want .	27	Indicative
here is to getting back on track after thanksgiving	1	Indicative
He then rose and wrote for many hours , fueled by innumerable cups of black coffee .	4	Indicative
Have both of the teams turn around and have the referee throw it into the grass or pitch while the teams are n't looking .	21	Indicative
I 'd probably be more inclined to board my two dogs here , seeing that they do n't just take every dog coming in .	16	Indicative
He checked out what I needed to have done told me what needed be fixed before he did any work and did great repair work .	17	Indicative
[ send offline as well ]	1	Imperative-Jussive
Focus your list on including the things you typically put off , not the things you are sure to do on a regular basis .	9	Indicative
Then , from the darkness , he began to hear a voice , a chanting , idiotic voice that sang the same sentence over and over again : You ca n't make an omelette without breaking eggs .	7	Indicative
It 's very beautiful I think .	5	Indicative
It only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa .	5	Indicative
A statistical analysis was performed based on the application of the paired t-test on the difference of the overall score obtained in the test before and after the intervention in the two groups .	3	Indicative
Thought you 'd like to know that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the Compaq Center ... it 's all about you and your needs .	10	Indicative
To this end , entertainment media like soap operas , which have emerged as important tools for empowering women in conservative Middle Eastern societies , could be employed .	11	Indicative
By March of '68 the Dow had fallen to 825 , only to climb to a highly speculative peak of 985 in December of '68 .	6	Indicative
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP .	8	Indicative
The problem is that the civilized world is still having illusions about the rule of law in a totally lawless environment .	2	Indicative
Brought my wife Deb with me and she like the Fried Crab Wontons and said they were good ..	14	Indicative
Let us know what you decide to do .	0	Imperative-Jussive
By the way , have you read the Declaration of Independence and US Constitution - or do you only know the first phrases ?	4	Indicative
Musharraf has always maintained that the US has never provided actionable intelligence about Taliban leaders hiding in Baluchistan .	7	Indicative
It was n't until he gave up and walked out the door that someone asked Can I help you .	14	Indicative
Osama Bin Laden later invoked the symbolism in his video " The 19 Martyrs . "	4	Indicative
His eyes were permanently fixed on the pavement , as though he were searching for something .	2	Indicative
He was referred to me by a friend , who did n't have the best experience with Ted , but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end .	20	Indicative
I was gon na have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having Having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places I know are denny 's and ihop .	21	Indicative
The city had about 391,000 people and the metro area had about 937,000 people as of 2010 from the US Census Bureau .	10	Indicative
Attached for your review is a blacklined version of the : ( a ) Schedule and ( b ) Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Master Agreement .	4	Indicative
The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral , this tradition started after the civil war .	19	Indicative
Let me begin by saying that I do not intend to talk about my own report .	7	Indicative
Today , Ukraine needs a modern-day equivalent of the Marshall Plan , by which the United States helped to reconstruct Europe after World War II .	17	Indicative
He did not allow Palestinian radicals to launch operations against Israel from Iraq .	1	Indicative
Once his studies were completed , Balzac was persuaded by his father to follow him into the law ;	7	Indicative
They are kind of in rank order but as I stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it .	10	Indicative
Her best-known stories have been made into movies .	3	Indicative
How did you come to be involved with this discovery	1	Indicative
The neighbours are still interfering , but there are signs that rather than undermining Afghanistan ’s stability they may now be trying to strengthen it .	8	Indicative
50 m - Number of voters in total who voted for Bush in 2000 .	9	Indicative
The CURSE OF GOD carried on until he was shot dead .	8	Indicative
I have a preorder and am even considering getting a second preorder to have multiple accounts .	1	Indicative
I work for a large retail company recently expanding our operations into Canada and had to travel to ensure all of our computer network equipment was installed properly and on time .	1	Indicative
( it 's all outdoors and the pictures are only a fourth of the real Everland ! )	8	Indicative
I know a lot of people say to wait until he calls you , but it 's different because I 'm a client and technically that 's all I am at this point .	29	Indicative
Start here if you were born in Ontario .	0	Imperative-Jussive
The displaced nuns were moved to the Eibingen cloister .	3	Indicative
Other pro-Beijing elected were FTU 's Kwok Wai-keung and DAB 's Horace Cheung .	3	Indicative
He 's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he 's been in town for awhile .	1	Indicative
When you copy an interior horizontal line , the new line is halfway between the line you copied and the line below the line you copied .	2	Indicative
Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .	5	Indicative
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	1	Indicative
Harry had heard these rumours about Malfoy 's family before , and they did n't surprise him at all .	1	Indicative
How do I add a security question to my account ?	1	Indicative
Bending backward represents : " I am ready to face all obstacles that may come . "	2	Indicative
What you do n’t want to wash with them is anything that can get twisted up with the straps , like women ’s long sleeve shirts or kids ’ blankets .	2	Indicative
Hang on – this has n't got anything to do with Vol – sorry – with You Know Who , has it ?	6	Indicative
The stale cool air of the room had heated ; yet weariness receded , his head was left high and dry of it .	7	Indicative
Middle Office work being prioritised is as follows	5	Indicative
PS - we also have more cats coming in for re-homing see our ' Homes Wanted ' page	4	Indicative
Enron needs to use this situation to quickly get our viewpoints up into the PUCT and ERCOT ISO on what is driving these problems and our proposed fixes .	1	Indicative
what kind of newborn fish you have ?	6	Indicative
" Arafat 's secular nationalism was supple enough to compromise with Israel and to imagine a two - state solution , even if the road of negotiations remained rocky .	5	Indicative
Please advise .	1	Imperative-Jussive
And I thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations , particularly in the context of something as serious as a US senatorial campaign , by talking about their drinking the night before .	2	Indicative
In the novel Dark Matters I think what interested me in the structure was two thing : simple narrative and email .	6	Indicative
He also stated that just everyone 's just acting in their own self - interest , responding to the screwed incentives embedded in the structure .	6	Indicative
( Apart from the wire flooring which i am going to cover ) Which of these two cages is better :	18	Indicative
i do n't think so .	1	Indicative
But other people do like the way they think he will vote , and the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the ones who oppose him .	25	Indicative
The first challenge that we have before can do any kind of analysis of these interstellar dust particles is simply to find them .	5	Indicative
And that s my reason why you should choose a parakeet over a finch .	2	Indicative
After the collapse of his businesses , Balzac traveled to Brittany and stayed with the De Pommereul family outside Fougères .	12	Indicative
He is in my room , but there are so many things inside there , I du n no what to do .	16	Indicative
Do n’t you think Darfur is repetition ?	3	Indicative
I think Darfur is , again , the last , or among the last battles between old and new .	1	Indicative
In Baghdad the fighting still continues in several areas , mostly in Sadr city and Adhamiya .	5	Indicative
They own blogger , of course .	1	Indicative
The lighting was not the best , but the pics turned out ok in my opinion .	2	Indicative
And a portion of each package or memorial purchased goes to a charity on their database .	9	Indicative
This is a perfect place to get your hair done .	1	Indicative
In 1878 James wrote with sadness about the lack of contemporary attention paid to Balzac , and lavished praise on him in four essays ( in 1875 , 1877 , 1902 , and 1913 ) .	3	Indicative
If you need a cater that is affordable and easy to work with they are the ones .	14	Indicative
the strange shyness of twenty-two years of marriage made it impossible for her to say : Do you want to go ?	8	Indicative
The former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein is refusing to enter the Baghdad courtroom , in protest at how his trial is being conducted .	6	Indicative
If she is nicer when you are alone I 'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend .	6	Indicative
What is the nearest National Park to Birmingham , UK ?	1	Indicative
‘’ It was the first time that Bush totally focused on the Taliban threat rather than Al Qaeda with the Pakistanis , ’’ says a Western diplomat .	23	Indicative
I 'm still a beginner .	1	Indicative
This retreat came as a surprise to the Austro - Prussian army , and almost all of the Danish army succeeded in completing the evacuation .	2	Indicative
The hour had long since passed for his call to Virginia Stillman , and he debated whether to go through with it .	2	Indicative
Afshari , who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war , said that when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their education system , the Mujahedeen refused .	19	Indicative
It seemed to be a kind of soundless laughter , a joke that stopped short of its punchline , a generalized mirth that had no object .	1	Indicative
Suggest what you like , they just talk it away into the cigarette smoke , nobody even listens .	17	Indicative
He was in the process of making me a pie and when I got home , the pie was the worst I have ever seen .	18	Indicative
What I love most about this place , other than the food , is that eating here makes you feel like you 're in a small town rather than Baltimore .	19	Indicative
Dobby heard tell , he said hoarsely , that Harry Potter met the Dark Lord for a second time just weeks ago . that Harry Potter escaped yet again .	1	Indicative
Indeed , Sistani 's agents all over the country have been quite active in educating Iraqi Shia on the merits of elections , which has led to the assassination of at least two of them .	24	Indicative
The popular comic actor Will Kempe played the servant Peter in Romeo and Juliet and Dogberry in Much Ado About Nothing , among other characters .	6	Indicative
I was like Ummmm i can see your ass cheeks ... he was like Oops did i forget my Underwear ???	1	Indicative
It was one of the worst World Cups we 've played actually .	9	Indicative
You will feel a growing sense of pride as you visually monitor your ever-diminishing list of projects .	11	Indicative
I look at some of these other comments & laugh because people think that the world revolves around them !	9	Indicative
My bday is Saturday :) and I wan na have breakfast / lunch with my fam .	9	Indicative
I found this pure white bird in my neighborhood , its wing is injured , so I 'm currently taking care of it .	17	Indicative
Please consider whether I might fit in your group .	1	Imperative-Jussive
The President will be expecting me to have come for you with the Mercedes , but , honestly , if I 'd have waited to get it I would have turned up I do n't know when .	33	Indicative
I spoke with Gerald and he said there are a bunch of folks hanging around Dad 's place .	1	Indicative
Here you go ...	2	Indicative
When you open a page , Access reads the connection file that is linked to the page , and based on the contents of the connection file , connects the page to the appropriate data source .	7	Indicative
Kermit Roosevelt of the CIA " met a number of officers who were involved in the conspiracy which led to the coup-d'etat of 22 July , 1952 . "	12	Indicative
" Wait , wait , is this 50 questions ? " asked Bush .	1	Imperative-Jussive
I do n't know if the kid had a bad day or what , but I had to sit and apologize about nothing for 10 minutes until he dropped the issue .	28	Indicative
Deco is still with Caoimhe .	1	Indicative
We are now fighting over who is going to pay for it .	1	Indicative
( A civic agent notices you noticing , and attaches itself to your infospace , whispering statistics —	4	Indicative
It was no problem to get PROVIDED the birth was registered in the first place .	9	Indicative
Those included Drew Cass , Devin Thurlow , people like that .	1	Indicative
This consolidation is obviously a result of Bush 's aggressive invasion of Iraq and of the botching of the aftermath .	2	Indicative
Most iodine in food comes from seafood , milk and iodised salt .	4	Indicative
Also , I have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go ?	3	Indicative
I concur that Ba'athists and former security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out of 18 governorates , along with the capital , if Americans are to be removed from the picture entirely .	8	Indicative
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy this message or disclose its contents to anyone .	8	Imperative-Jussive
the weather is going to be fine , hector was just blowing smoke .	2	Indicative
By a simple trick of the intelligence , a deft little twist of naming , he felt incomparably lighter and freer .	16	Indicative
Increases the capacity to work until 75 - 80 years of age .	0	Indicative
If the pedicure lasted 20 mins. , that was a stretch .	3	Indicative
I actually loss 4 pounds after my 1st treatment and 2 pounds after my 2nd treatment .	2	Indicative
Mrs. Indira Gandhi arrives this afternoon and yesterday it was United Nations and Sekou Toure .	3	Indicative
In the top of the fourth St. Louis scored five runs , and Quinn turned off the picture as well .	8	Indicative
I will give them and call and see what they say .	10	Indicative
He did n't mention anything about it .	1	Indicative
( They even got me a couch pretty quickly . )	3	Indicative
A furry black band of ants led up a cupboard door to some scrap that had flicked from a plate .	6	Indicative
What is all important is to be French , or to have been French for a good long time .	4	Indicative
What saves us is efficiency – the devotion to efficiency .	3	Indicative
He had just the faintest blush , and said modestly , I 've been teaching one of the native women about the station .	1	Indicative
He leads me from the Gai-Hinnom up to an ancient Karaite burial ground , where you can see the mingling for yourself .	1	Indicative
Be happy you get a bit , many of us never got nothing :)	3	Indicative
I feel that the way some doctor s offices work around here is a little bit absurd so I 'm happy that these guys do n't do those two things in particlular .	12	Indicative
I would like to thank all of the parties who participated in this settlement process .?	10	Indicative
They went the extra mile to repair my cowboy boots -- they had to have a special kind of paper that looked like wood grain to fix the heels .	21	Indicative
such a great idea this was , so easy to load and pack , no ramp , no step up no back aches .	5	Indicative
This BuzzMachine post argues that Google 's rush toward ubiquity might backfire -- which we 've all heard before , but it 's particularly well - put in this post .	3	Indicative
Hit the road .	0	Imperative-Jussive
You people think it is race , but it is not .	9	Indicative
he told me he was going to be the first African at the bar here .	1	Indicative
Can somebody give me the names some collages that do post 18 ( degrees or foundation degrees ) in either :	16	Indicative
So what happened ?	2	Indicative
Before the phones went , I was told [ my family in Biloxi ] had lost their roof , barn , 2 oak trees and many pines and they were letting in water	14	Indicative
But that was the work of memory , and remembered things , he knew , had a tendency to subvert the things remembered .	15	Indicative
He has braved so many dangers already !	1	Indicative
Harry fought to keep his face straight as he emerged .	1	Indicative
I thought it unusual and , frankly , inappropriate .	1	Indicative
Keep the soil moist until the seeds germinate .	7	Indicative
You know , I 've lived in the Dallas / Fort Worth Metroplex most of my life .	4	Indicative
please print	1	Imperative-Jussive
The reality is that it stands for and operationalizes US power , in cooperation with America 's closest allies .	5	Indicative
I avoided a vast artificial hole somebody had been digging on the slope , the purpose of which I found it impossible to divine .	1	Indicative
The cargo on the voyage from which he has just returned was Dead Sea potash .	10	Indicative
There still is a very hot pursuit of the " Atta - level " Floridian , Adnan El Shukrijumah , who Siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting .	2	Indicative
Please take a moment to click on the link below and cast your vote for Beyond Control .	1	Imperative-Jussive
this is why hooking your arms through the harness is essential .	1	Indicative
There are a lot of genetics at play between a Sussex and Silkie , so the offspring would vary in appearance .	1	Indicative
find another place	0	Imperative-Jussive
My house already feels fresh and good thanks to the Battery Park Pest I 'm enjoying my time indoors much better .	3	Indicative
For us , as digital humanists , defining the “ transmedia fan ” is of particular relevance as we seek to understand contemporary social and cultural transformations engendered by digital technologies .	13	Indicative
Midas has the most high tech equipment in town & I guarantee you if they told you it was electrical then in deed it s electrical !	24	Indicative
The soup was stone cold , but he drank half of it in one gulp .	8	Indicative
Stardust is a NASA Discovery mission that was launched in 1999 .	7	Indicative
And this was simply his opening gambit ; he would start talking about that he had been out late the night before drinking .	15	Indicative
If you 're a fan of herpes , being ripped off , and child molesters , this is the garage for you .	2	Indicative
They felt like they were going to fall off of me and it was very difficult to see what I would actually look like were I to purchase some of these dresses .	1	Indicative
My friend and I went there for lunch today .	4	Indicative
I went in later that afternoon and met with Michael .	7	Indicative
Auster leaned back on the sofa , smiled with a certain ironic pleaure , and lit a cigarette .	7	Indicative
Do yourself a favor and give them a call .	5	Imperative-Jussive
" He is a person who studies the way people live .	10	Indicative
Unlike that of the 28th of October , Mr. Comey 's letter has hardly been commented upon .	12	Indicative
I need to check something in 969 's 2000 tax return .	1	Indicative
have you heard from anyone ?	0	Indicative
Goodwyn dutifully notes that Baba Groom did n't remember George telling drunk stories .	2	Indicative
The turnout of this election was the highest in the history of Legislative Council elections , with around 2 million voters voted and a turnout rate of 58 % .	5	Indicative
Ok I am a New Yorker who has been going to school in Oxford , England .	7	Indicative
Comfort zone came out and did my house heat on the cheap .	2	Indicative
It is this circle that makes sure that women remain inferior , that democracy is unthinkable and that exposure to the outside world is minimal .	14	Indicative
They had a room with a $ 99 rate , which I booked .	12	Indicative
They are very good teachers and nice people to meet here .	1	Indicative
I got him from the new labour exchange – I thought , well , let 's try it , so they send him along , five years ' experience , everything fine .	21	Indicative
How do you run a cafe , with no refills on coffee - ?	1	Indicative
Much of the violence aimed at American forces is coming from disgruntled Sunni factions that have their own militias , believe the last elections were a sham , and hold little political power in the government .	29	Indicative
Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stops	23	Imperative-Jussive
I had an interesting conversation with a middle - aged taxi driver who used to live in Fallujah and is now at relatives in Amiriya , Baghdad .	1	Indicative
" The Sri Lankan government does not want to initiate a conflict but would be interested in deterring the LTTE from starting one .	5	Indicative
He could not wait . Had to start without me .	5	Indicative
If it is hard to see how Baathist Iraq posed any real threat to Israel , it is not so difficult to see a menace in the current instability .	9	Indicative
When annoyed at meal-times by the constant quarrels of the white men about precedence , he ordered an immense round table to be made , for which a special house had to be built .	30	Indicative
They grabbed what they could get for the sake of what was to be got .	11	Indicative
Continue to breathe slowly and deeply .	0	Imperative-Jussive
The deals are listed below .	2	Indicative
I think 2012 is going to be a great year for Fujairah as we have A LOT of projects to be done by 2012 .	14	Indicative
I won a golf lesson certificate with Adz through a charity auction .	1	Indicative
The Communists agreed .	2	Indicative
Look in the pet stores for " fry food " or " baby fish foods " .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Now feel yourself returning to where you sit ... move your hands and feet a little , stretch them .	9	Imperative-Jussive
[ Note : The interview took place just before the 50000 milestone was met ]	12	Indicative
It needs greater definition on the issue of what is to be done at Community level in terms of employment policy .	1	Indicative
so i live in Invercargill New Zealand and i want to know if there are any good places to buy an ice - cream sundae from other than mc donald s lol	14	Indicative
to make convo , it 's short , so if things go great , you can	5	Indicative
If Stillman did not show up , Quinn would go straight to 69th Street and confront Virginia Stillman with what he knew .	2	Indicative
You can make other noises if you prefer , such as a bird cawing or an explosion sound every time a button is pushed .	22	Indicative
Peter Dale Scott includes an account of how Terrell 's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book Cocaine Politics .	11	Indicative
I 've got a voice like a bullfrog .	2	Indicative
I 'm a little afraid when i buy PS3 or X - BOX then a newer version comes out .	1	Indicative
· Thinking up new things – activities that produce outcomes that are necessary , convenient , or luxurious – for us to do .	11	Indicative
Reading The Sound and the Fury last night , I came upon words in Compson 's thought that belonged to E E Cummings and the thirties , not to the year 1910 .	10	Indicative
Go in and you will not think you are in Chesapeake .	0	Imperative-Jussive
I have a cat named GummiBear , so no , R2D2 is not a stupid name .	1	Indicative
That just goes to show the possibilities in our country !	2	Indicative
“ It ’s not funny , ” Derya says .	8	Indicative
' I hastened to assure him I was not in the least typical .	7	Indicative
Does Crack Barrel ban employees from having tattoos ?	0	Indicative
While he admired and drew inspiration from the Romantic style of Scottish novelist Walter Scott , Balzac sought to depict human existence through the use of particulars .	2	Indicative
They had once been white , he remembered , but now they had turned a curious shade of yellow .	1	Indicative
Some may not know exactly what Stardust or Stardust @ home is .	11	Indicative
This place is a Rip - Off	2	Indicative
Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .	9	Indicative
The codependency construct is rooted in the psychopathology of human relationships whereby two partners , whether out of need or convenience , draw unhealthy support from each other .	3	Indicative
For forms and reports , this file is saved in an XML-based language called ReportML which provides presentation data as well as a data model for creating a data access page .	7	Indicative
For one brief instant Quinn thought , So this is what detective work is like . But other than that he thought nothing .	21	Indicative
Please review the attached memo to verify that I have identified all of the products that you are interested in trading in Brazil .	1	Imperative-Jussive
What matters is how well trained he is , and how good your bond it .	7	Indicative
Allowing subscribers is a simple way to broaden your conversation on Facebook , while reserving personal updates for people you know well .	20	Indicative
It 's just like cooking kidney , just boil the piss out of it	1	Indicative
I am hopeful that we are ready to prepare execution copies .	5	Indicative
This was a risk that we had but we did have assurances from Phillips regarding performance .	1	Indicative
He said it was the same tire , and verified this , after checking both the actual tire on my car and my service papers from earlier in the week .	1	Indicative
The reports say she is suspected of having been a member of Al Qaeda 's " Chemical Wire Group . "	2	Indicative
The dude who grills the retarded dogs is rude .	3	Indicative
It s natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank would be very overcrowded .	1	Indicative
In fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .	8	Indicative
And between the time I began my research and the time I applied , the minimum score did change once .	12	Indicative
It had better nutritional value and it s also less expensive .	1	Indicative
Consider basing some of your words from other words you have invented .	10	Indicative
" I find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world 's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as " good news , " Gore said .	2	Indicative
To bring a little more light to the world is what I want , out of all of this .	9	Indicative
" This strain helps with back pain , this strain helps with nausea , this product makes you sleep at night , " says Dietrich from the company 's headquarters in Denver , Colorado , where pot is sold legally .	37	Indicative
I played dumb and asked him questions that I already knew the answers to and he responded with half truths and a few falsehoods .	4	Indicative
Psychology major at University of Texas Arlington Amneh Jafari heard of the incident and wanted to issue her support to Mohamed .	14	Indicative
In the Warren Jeffs cult he reassigns wives if the husband displeases him or to reward the new husband .	6	Indicative
The dancers were falling back round a Polish agriculturalist who was teaching a gangling Englishman and two young Africans an Eastern European peasant dance .	2	Indicative
there is something after all in the world allowing one man to steal a horse while another must not look at a halter .	1	Indicative
Not to mention the fact that they gave us our cats back not even 30 minutes after they were out from surgery .	7	Indicative
It 's tough to make money branching out when your appeal is in your focus .	11	Indicative
Rick Santorum himself has acknowledged and discussed the existence and prevalence of the santorum neologism phenomenon ; he was quoted by The Canadian Press on his assessment of Google 's response ;	18	Indicative
I just called again and was told that workmanship , not wood , is guaranteed for a year - well in my opinion - the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship !	13	Indicative
Harry washed his hands and bolted down his pitiful supper .	1	Indicative
Theravada Buddhist monks are also supposed to avoid material temptations and as such , are not allowed to touch money , so offering money to a monk is considered to be a sign of disrespect in most Theravada Buddhist cultures .	3	Indicative
The close proximity of Warsaw and Łódź 's location at the crossroads of the Polish motorway system make it an ideal destination for a day trip or longer city break .	17	Indicative
They 're currently on their honeymoon but shortly after returning will be moving from Buenos Aires to Miami , Florida .	1	Indicative
They were just flung out there , and on we went .	1	Indicative
On board the Freewinds , Paris claims that she was working from 6:00am to midnight and due to lack of sleep ended up being a walking zombie .	9	Indicative
Be Careful Of Who Your Sales Guy Is	7	Indicative
Q : NASA IS A WASTE !	3	Indicative
Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy , even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery ( as he had twice stated i must agree to ) .	5	Indicative
Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .	28	Indicative
He could see him sitting in the chair across from him , but at the same time it felt as though he was not there .	22	Indicative
We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying , " was I got ta have it ! "	13	Indicative
I gave the woman I spoke with today a " You 've been yelped ! " card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna .	11	Indicative
" It was an emergency , " Fishman said .	8	Indicative
No matter what progress we make as individuals in becoming healthier , we will never achieve real health until we collectively decide to create a healthier reality .	21	Indicative
It has been 3 weeks and I STILL do n't have my table ( which was NOT cheap , I might add ) .	8	Indicative
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand , i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube .	19	Indicative
I add that in because there have been some people who have tried to claim citizenship by sending for their birth certificate when they were never really born in Canada or to Canadian parents .	1	Indicative
But getting past who should get them , is who has them , and who is really close .	10	Indicative
One of them was from the Jubur tribe and was deputy commander of the Hawijah garrison .	3	Indicative
It rained and people felt chilly on the veranda and drifted indoors .	10	Indicative
By 1998 , Zawahiri had determined that the Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States and hold off on further attacks against the Egyptian regime .	4	Indicative
What did the Dursleys care if Harry lost his place in the house Quidditch team because he had n't practised all summer ?	17	Indicative
Does Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version ?	18	Indicative
Sometimes before the dusk wavered the wood away into the distance , he went out into the sunlight that collected like golden water in the dip of the meadows and shot a partridge .	13	Indicative
he will reassure himself that no other animal is in there , and that no other animal will come in - he is afraid that he is in someone else 's territory when he is in a new house .	34	Indicative
Previous reviewers said they were pushy and I can understand that , but I find the staff more helpful than anything else .	4	Indicative
She ran down to meet them , her bushy brown hair flying behind her .	1	Indicative
There remained the problem of how to occupy his thoughts as he followed the old man .	1	Indicative
i usually put my own natural rock over the UTH and they are perfectly fine .	12	Indicative
What matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving Spain out of Iraq .	9	Indicative
Isfahan ( Persian : اصفهان , also known as Esfahan ) is a city in central Iran , south of Tehran and is the capital of Isfahan Province .	22	Indicative
Thank you for your time .	0	Indicative
The Galileo and Ulysses spacecraft carried dust detectors onboard that Eberhard Gruen and his colleagues used to first detect and them measure the flux of interstellar dust particles streaming into the solar system .	5	Indicative
I think she just wants to be able to touch football players legs .	4	Indicative
If we are all in this thing together , let 's play nice .	2	Indicative
for the past few days she has been shivering and wo nt eat but she could walk now her hid legs are not working but she is back to her self .. what should i do .?	26	Indicative
Even before the two unauthorised sonnets appeared in The Passionate Pilgrim in 1599 , Francis Meres had referred in 1598 to Shakespeare 's " sugred Sonnets among his private friends " .	16	Indicative
It is his dream to end his career here .	1	Indicative
He also pointed out that Rogers recently introduced a new app tool that helps customers monitor their data usage .	13	Indicative
ANSI-89 is the default setting for a new Access database in 2002 and 2000 file format .	1	Indicative
But in fall of 1999 , Gen. Pervez Musharraf made a coup against Nawaz Sharif .	9	Indicative
Love my home at Creekside	0	Indicative
Pools The Mariner of the Seas and Liberty both had salt water pools - which most cruise ships have .	9	Indicative
The study of literature is itself heavily " politicized . "	4	Indicative
Our time is likely to be limited to 5 - 10 minutes .	2	Indicative
When it comes to genetic engineering , however , science seems to matter less than politics .	2	Indicative
Or do you think it ’s nothing ?	5	Indicative
Maybe even try to get your mom to hold it a bit .	2	Imperative-Jussive
It simply refers to the same ICC publication for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generally .	13	Indicative
It took over 1.5 hours for our food to come out and by that time my 8 month old had it !	1	Indicative
Bea was really nice and asked how the food was .	1	Indicative
Get the older version of Cynagon mod .	0	Imperative-Jussive
I ve paid 500 for a double room there and it was fine and clean .	1	Indicative
Rachel Rook took Carroll home to meet her parents two months after she first slept with him .	2	Indicative
The amendment to the Directive on today 's agenda does not therefore affect the existing harmonisation of the transport of dangerous goods in the community .	9	Indicative
This not only ensures the lifeboats are operational and will work if needed , but makes the crew proficient at launching them .	6	Indicative
Analysis revealed that historic amounts of data had been used to cause the disruption .	1	Indicative
In his last phase , he wrote tragicomedies , also known as romances , and collaborated with other playwrights .	6	Indicative
I have eaten here several times and every time the service is slower than slow .	1	Indicative
However , in the mid-1980s , Cleveland earned the nickname the " Comeback City ' as the urban core experienced a dramatic revitalization process that continues today .	25	Indicative
For example , if the chart summarizes sales revenue , and the source data also includes sales quantities , you might add the Quantity field as a data field to summarize both revenue and quantity of products sold .	6	Indicative
And , just as a psychologist would predict , one of the partners , China , has decided to go its own way .	6	Indicative
Joseph Manogue at Tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the draft ISDA doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original .	11	Indicative
Click the account menu at the top right of any Facebook page and choose Account Settings .	0	Imperative-Jussive
figure out how many stalls you want , then measure square cube sections for length and width of horse ,	0	Imperative-Jussive
He remembered now that Mrs. Stillman had told him to wait there while she went to find her husband .	1	Indicative
Visit Capt. Spastic 's Joke List for all the information and options : < >	0	Imperative-Jussive
Bredders take the one that in not very interested and put it alone in a breeeding tank for 3 - 5 days .	1	Indicative
Some jokes also have what is called a tag or topper , which is an additional punchline .	13	Indicative
‘’ It was the first time that Bush totally focused on the Taliban threat rather than Al Qaeda with the Pakistanis , ’’ says a Western diplomat .	9	Indicative
54 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 30 September , 2003 .	6	Indicative
The trouble everyone had taken gave a sense of occasion to even the wildest moments of the night .	5	Indicative
she laughed , protested apologetically , and shook cologne down into her freckled bosom .	7	Indicative
I am amazed how the details get fuzzy on an old project .	1	Indicative
The meeting was pushed together by the CIA and the US Defence Department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in Afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged Pakistani backed Taliban .	14	Indicative
He said he 's had a long and bad day .	3	Indicative
Or in the icecream tricycles waiting at the base of each section of an amphitheatre of dark faces , the mongrel that ran out and lifted its leg on the presidential dais ?	22	Indicative
We live in the flicker – may it last as long as the old earth keeps rolling !	15	Indicative
When you distribute a Web page that uses components , users who do not have the components installed will be prompted to install the components , provided the Web page designer configures the components to do so .	31	Indicative
It 's really difficult to find a place that is absolutely dark and accessible to you when you 're outside .	1	Indicative
Another time I 'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where " Mommies " get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason .	16	Indicative
Examining this , I could tell that it had been taken from those ancient monuments I ’d seen and put here for some special reason .	16	Indicative
He was quite alone , but where he was , he had no idea .	8	Indicative
Just pray that you have not ever given this criminal enough information for your identity to be stolen - your full name , birthdate , home address , etc or that you were not conned into sending money .	1	Imperative-Jussive
He co-founded the left-liberal al-Ahali group in 1932 , a significant political organisation in the 1930s and 1940s .	1	Indicative
No evidence suggests that Shakespeare approved these editions , which the First Folio describes as " stol ' n and surreptitious copies " .	13	Indicative
In all my travels I ’ve never seen anything like it and am often met with an odd look when I explain them to foreigners .	21	Indicative
the participant group had mean and standard deviation 60.23 ( 64.75 ) respectively , while the control group was 20.00 ( 42.65 ) .	3	Indicative
Thank you Doctor Gonzales , Doctor Stout , Eva Marie and the entire staff !	0	Indicative
Anyone can become a monkey ; it takes serious study to become a magician .	7	Indicative
They promise them the delights , mostly sexual , of the next world , and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead .	29	Indicative
We have no way to estimate how many times we 've served it overall , but we 're now pouring around ten a night .	17	Indicative
You can see them visiting and talking as they stroll along the streets , sit in the plazas or dine in the many sidewalk restaurants .	14	Indicative
The room is silent , none of the other children volunteer .	2	Indicative
I do n't know how others feel , but I 'm definitely looking into immigration to Canada as an option .	10	Indicative
One poster admitted to being a part of the effort , writing in a blog post " I have myself , as per instructions , loaded up Gigaloader and started bombarding the Scientology homepage .	2	Indicative
i have over 40 corns , kings , and milks and have never had a problem with the UTH system .	1	Indicative
Emails from Zawahiri to Atef in the Spring of 1999 indicate that Ayman was a close student of the USAMRIID anthrax program .	10	Indicative
I 'm not sure which one you gave him , but there 's a brief , brief , brief IQ test there .	1	Indicative
Tet made it clear that the war was a long way from being over if the Americans thought they could preserve the South and that the North was perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight .	17	Indicative
John Lavorato has requested the attached report .	2	Indicative
The universe interprets itself before your eyes in the openness of the rockjumbled valley ending in dead water .	2	Indicative
The events of last week - which originated outside the Conference of Presidents , that Conference being used simply to corroborate and ratify decisions taken elsewhere - present us with a dilemma .	7	Indicative
“ It ’s okay , Mom , ” I say .	2	Indicative
They were both Mets fans , and the hopelessness of that passion had created a bond between them .	1	Indicative
He 's not giving 85 % away , he 's giving a number of shares each year that decrease in number at the rate of 5 % a year ( until gone ? ) .	9	Indicative
Here is a great list of different restaurants in San Francisco	1	Indicative
If you are interested in attending please e-mail me as soon as possible .	7	Imperative-Jussive
Let me know what you think of this property .	0	Imperative-Jussive
YES I am sure , well , she says , is that ON 17th STREET .	2	Indicative
He 's not lame , but he 's been having issues .	1	Indicative
Note	0	Imperative-Jussive
There were no other options available ( I only brought my check card to cover any overage cost ) and she rang it up and applied it to the gift card before telling me about the tip policy .	21	Indicative
please support the link bellow which is excelnt , thank for your click and attention :	1	Imperative-Jussive
The history is written with red ink .	2	Indicative
Well , yes , well-informed people do have this information in their files .	6	Indicative
The Board of Muslim clerics in Fallujah , 50 km west of Baghdad , " condemned the assassination and promised immediate revenge against the coalition soldiers in Iraq . "	15	Indicative
In developing countries that have not yet reached the technological frontier , the answer is almost certainly yes .	14	Indicative
SOLAS ( Safety Of Life At Sea ) , which is an international maritime treaty , came about in response to the tragedy of the Titanic .	10	Indicative
Please everyone .... take heed and do n't get caught up in the hype about DECOR and YOU working with every budget ...	8	Imperative-Jussive
Do n't waste time , just drive 10 minutes more down to Stevens Creek , they actually do try to help their customers there !	6	Imperative-Jussive
" He devoured books of every kind , feeding indiscriminately on religious works , history and literature , philosophy and physics .	2	Indicative
Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many of which they themselves created .	4	Indicative
As he crossed 112th Street , he saw that the Heights Luncheonette was still open and decided to go in .	12	Indicative
there 's these little like bait worms at jack s . petshoppe .	1	Indicative
The other ethicities were n't well represented in politics yet -- or rather , they were just breaking the color barrier in the 70's due largely to the more open - minded hippy generation .	15	Indicative
I had a dead battery last week and called this company since they were the closest they had very quick service for a Monday morning , thanks again guys .	8	Indicative
After a series of economic setbacks , health problems , and prohibitions from the Tsar , the couple were finally able to wed .	18	Indicative
I have been a patient a NW hospital and it was great .	10	Indicative
As Shakespeare 's mastery grew , he gave his characters clearer and more varied motivations and distinctive patterns of speech .	13	Indicative
What Harry found most unusual about life at Ron 's , however , was n't the talking mirror or the clanking ghoul : it was the fact that everybody there seemed to like him .	24	Indicative
They are very rude over the phone and in person .	1	Indicative
The charges that they have put some vets up to making against Kerry are false and can be demonstrated by the historical record to be false .	13	Indicative
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive .	24	Indicative
I listen carefully , closely , more closely than I 've ever listened in my life , utterly attentive , but I often feel that I have dropped into a shoreless sea .	1	Indicative
If conditions are favorable ( 78 - 82 F ) and the fish are obviously well fed as yours are , they will spawn .	2	Indicative
Remember that the snitch runner , if you choose to use one , is not an actual player in the game , therefore , not bound by any of the rules .	13	Indicative
The white pages allowed me to get in touch with parents of my high school friends so that I could track people down one by one and the restaurant section is basically my cookbook .	3	Indicative
Well , unless of course the third compressor he put in the car goes out .	13	Indicative
one was available wherever one was of use .	1	Indicative
I asked her if she had any relatives that would want to know of her whereabouts .	5	Indicative
Now-and-then history treats us to an interval of freedom and civilization and we make much of it .	13	Indicative
No one employs people from Hartpury because of what they received on work experience .	2	Indicative
Know that there are pros and cons to laser sights before you mount them on your wang .	0	Indicative
White men with long staves in their hands appeared languidly from amongst the buildings , strolling up to take a look at me , and then retired out of sight somewhere .	26	Indicative
2002 World Cup , we won bronze .	5	Indicative
You may support or oppose the Iraq war , but to refer to fans of Saddam , Arafat or Bin Laden as peace activists is a bit too much .	24	Indicative
This is a gnome , he said grimly .	6	Indicative
It is no surprise that the federal and state governments have classified the National Natural Heritage as a nation - wide endeavor of the highest priority and have documented it starting in 2005 in a coalition contract .	27	Indicative
Two years ago , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main Islamist alliance -- Maulana Fazlur Rahman -- visited India and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements .	23	Indicative
Attached for your further handling is the draft form Deemed ISDA between ENA and Ispat Mexicana S.A. de C.V .	5	Indicative
On June 17 , 1950 , Busuanga was officially created as a separate municipality from Coron and in 1954 , Coron was further reduced by the official creation of the Municipality of Linapacan .	21	Indicative
I have been here 3 times and all 3 times it has been bad !	1	Indicative
American citizens have for decades taken it as a given that our military can overwhelm and overcome any foe on the battlefield .	2	Indicative
I do like the shadow , though .	1	Indicative
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be reliable , but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete .	17	Indicative
95 - Percentage of foreign goods that arrive in the United States by sea .	7	Indicative
In Balzac Ewelina found a kindred spirit for her emotional and social desires , with the added benefit of feeling a connection to the glamorous capital of France .	3	Indicative
The suspicion was founded on many false premises , and there was no reliable publicly known evidence indicating his guilt .	11	Indicative
I dropped off a sheet metal piece that I needed copied due to th it was needing to be replaced .	1	Indicative
The term " Aggregate Transporter Imbalance " is located in several sections .	7	Indicative
becca is right .	1	Indicative
The call - in number and instructions for the 11/2 8:30 a.m. meeting are as follows :	13	Indicative
In South Korea , Japan , and elsewhere , developing and maximizing women 's potential will require comprehensive education and labor - market reforms , as well as structural change , particularly on the services side of the economy .	15	Indicative
The Kerry camp blames Bush for the Swift boat veterans ’ attack , but anyone who has spent much time talking to the Swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons .	24	Indicative
he makes so much MORE noise , as he plays and digs and jumps ( seriously )	1	Indicative
" Q Thank you -- I was wondering , there 's a lot of talk right now about memoirs being written with the former President .	10	Indicative
In one class , he asks the students if anyone can give him an example of a " tragedy " .	5	Indicative
In 1893 , Higuchi , her mother and her sister abandoned their middle class house and , with a grim determination to survive , moved to a poor neighborhood where they opened a stationery store that before long failed .	10	Indicative
" He wrote with admiration of Balzac 's attempt to portray in writing " a beast with a hundred claws .	2	Indicative
No Russian - speaking refugees from eastern Ukraine or Crimea have fled into Russia , and no Russian - speaker has sought political asylum anywhere else outside the country .	20	Indicative
Now not only is my leg better , but my back is relaxing .	11	Indicative
Is that reasonable ?	0	Indicative
Furthermore , three quarters of our farm workers are part-time and require supplements to their incomes .	11	Indicative
The freaky thing here is that these bozos are seriously claiming the moral high ground ? ? ? ? ?	8	Indicative
I am pleased to confirm that the Commission has received the report to which the honourable Member refers .	17	Indicative
Whitmore stated to LA Weekly that the alleged crime involved five hard drives each of $ 200 in value .	1	Indicative
I also think that the Commission 's proposals are better able to provide this guarantee of dynamic equilibrium .	8	Indicative
Someone left , and reappeared with another case of champagne .	1	Indicative
However , the provisions contained in Article 165 of the Financial Regulation applicable to the general budget of the European Communities shall not apply .	21	Indicative
He kept saying different arrival / delivery dates and did n't seem terribly apologetic .	9	Indicative
Well , I mean , you do n't have to be mad about it .	6	Indicative
According to Christian belief , a grave which had been embedded in the chalkstone was the last resting place of Jesus .	14	Indicative
What 's happening ?	1	Indicative
He reports that the Iraqi Islamic Party , which had earlier been absolutely committed to getting out the Sunni vote , is now wavering and saying their position will depend on the situation .	9	Indicative
You know when the meeting with schedulers will be ?	1	Indicative
Mweta said , with his slow shy smile that always seemed to grow like a light becoming more powerful , as his eyes held you , You mean little Venetia ?	1	Indicative
I was n't going to use them again , but I was going to leave it at that .	1	Indicative
He always hugs me when he comes , but he gave me at least 5 tight , long , back rubbing hugs while he was there .	24	Indicative
If you are in town and need that kind of space I say stay here but if you are looking for a little more upscale affair do n't let the pictures fool you and book somewhere else .	13	Imperative-Jussive
After looking at the menu and seeing the new menu items they had , we knew we were in for a treat !	12	Indicative
Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day .	1	Indicative
We arrived Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked .	7	Indicative
To one side of him was the park , green in the morning sun , with sharp , fleeting shadows ; to the other side was the Frick , white and austere , as if abandoned to the dead .	25	Indicative
They want to go , they 're longing to , you can see they ca n't stand the sight of your face when you 're working together ... which makes things very pleasant , you can imagine ...	29	Indicative
I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has .	17	Indicative
In the meanwhile there are still broken families that should have been safe in the home of the brave .	4	Indicative
Our experience of art develops from the interaction of several cognitive and affective processes ; the beginning of which is a visual scan of the artwork .	4	Indicative
Cinnamon basil really does smell like the sweet spice , and it also has unusually beautiful and fragrant flowers .	3	Indicative
Infected ants chose food laced with toxic hydrogen peroxide , whereas healthy ants avoided it .	13	Indicative
An old black Labrador with corns on his elbows stood slowly swinging his tail before Dando as he talked .	9	Indicative
I just wanted to try your clinic because I was not totally happy with my current therapist I regularly see .	2	Indicative
Either Stillman knew what he was doing or he did n't .	9	Indicative
He faxed it to you and will have the original Fedexed overnight .	1	Indicative
We all know by now that Bush did not even do his full service with the Texas Air National Guard , absenting himself to work on the Alabama senate campaign of Winton " Red " Blount .	2	Indicative
The results of the Australian National Iodine Nutrition Study published in the Medical Journal of Australia this week , revealed that children in mainland Australia are borderline iodine deficient .	25	Indicative
But I also hope no one feels any obligation to download , especially if you have an internet connection as slow mine ( 28 k ) .	15	Indicative
AND they 're usually able to help you as a walk - in , and they 're fast .	16	Indicative
By 2009 , total sales of The Power of Now and A New Earth in North America had been estimated at three million and five million copies respectively .	17	Indicative
I have been going to the Wildwood , NJ for over 30 years for summer vacations and always call the Madrid first .	18	Indicative
There are so many wonderful great places to dine in houston .... do n't . waste your time here .	15	Imperative-Jussive
If possible , I think the cleanest way to run this biz would be to put a box around the prime broker biz .	4	Indicative
You know , I 've lived in the Dallas / Fort Worth Metroplex most of my life .	1	Indicative
It was as part of that surveillance in early 2001 that Jafar the Pilot studied tourist helicopters in the NYC area .	1	Indicative
The nearest airports to Fort Lee are Newark Airport , LaGuardia Airport , Teterboro ( general aviation only ) , JFK and Westchester County Airport .	6	Indicative
I am pleased with the service that i get at Luxe .	8	Indicative
Once you 're holding it , try to get her to touch / pet it ...	2	Indicative
Please review it and let me know if you have any comments on or before Tuesday afternoon ( I will be out of the office Monday ) .	4	Imperative-Jussive
Fred and George had spotted their friend from Hogwarts , Lee Jordan .	3	Indicative
Never in history , not even in the Nazi period , was there such total disregard of all of the above as we observe now .	11	Indicative
Anyway , I was practically raised on this stuff , and being a connoisseur of West Indian cuisine , Jamaica Way is a bit toned down to suit the American palette .	3	Indicative
Perhaps GDP does not really capture the improvements in living standards that computer - age innovation is engendering .	16	Indicative
And it should be noted in passing that Kerry has personally questioned Bush ’s service , while Bush has not personally questioned Kerry ’s .	9	Indicative
It was his job to make the food , which consisted mainly of gristle-studded hamburger patties , bland sandwiches with pale tomatoes and wilted lettuce , milkshakes , egg creams , and buns .	1	Indicative
Hope you enjoy the posts and feel free to jump in anywhere .	2	Indicative
It is a political process and I have decided not to be present , so it was said .	16	Indicative
" What was wanted was an elite to underpin the rulers , themselves in turn supported and buttressed by a population which presumably understood , approved , and legitimated the aims of such an elite .	28	Indicative
Shakespeare 's mother , Mary Arden , certainly came from a pious Catholic family .	8	Indicative
I used to live in London for 6 months and it 's by far one of my favorite places to be in the world ( I 've been to 45 countries in 5 years ) .	26	Indicative
They also claimed not to see anything wrong with the blower fan ( a seperate issue ) , but when I drove the car home I had the same symptoms .	26	Indicative
I refer to VNHH often and love you guys .	6	Indicative
But do they know what they have heard ?	7	Indicative
And that 's what they call living , that life at the grindstone , doing the same thing over and over again ....	5	Indicative
Balzac quickly turned to longer works , and by 1826 he had written nine novels , all published under pseudonyms and often produced in collaboration with other writers .	11	Indicative
Everyone has the right to life , liberty and the security of person .	1	Indicative
One compelling argument for reintroduction was the wolf acts as a keystone predator , an animal that affects the populations , behavior and ecology of a wide variety of species within its range .	5	Indicative
He was a big supporter of You Know Who .	1	Indicative
Yes obviously the USB is region free which means you can use it anywhere .	4	Indicative
Inequality can corrupt and paralyze a country 's political system – and economic growth along with it .	1	Indicative
‘’ We have a very small number of forces in Shindand with a few helicopters , ’’ says Barno .	17	Indicative
I wanted to let you know about this before I respond to her request .	10	Indicative
Monks are an integral part of Buddhism in Thailand , and Thai men are generally expected to spend a certain amount of time living as a monk at least once in their lifetime .	13	Indicative
104 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned Iraq or Saddam Hussein .	18	Indicative
This place is great !	2	Indicative
i mean a 2 day stay was a ok stay even tho the manager looked like he was chineze and that we only slept and went out from 8 to 7 to see New York .	14	Indicative
The new iron guidelines mean more donors are needed .	7	Indicative
Two months and at least two months are totally different things .	7	Indicative
A second evaluation should take place after four years .	3	Indicative
This is absolutely unprecedented , and we 're obviously incredibly excited .	1	Indicative
No , said Auster , who had listened attentively to Quinn 's monologue	2	Indicative
I just give them guide and they can find anything they need .	2	Indicative
The directive codifies the case law of the Court of Justice and ensures that it will be consistently applied .	12	Indicative
I have sent your question re on line trading to that area .	1	Indicative
Mr Malfoy 's lip curled .	4	Indicative
so any price you find , DOUBLE IT figure , $ 40 K at least .	4	Indicative
History is becoming more and more irrelevant .	1	Indicative
The real Lockhart was wearing robes of forget-me-not blue which exactly matched his eyes ; his pointed wizard 's hat was set at a jaunty angle on his wavy hair .	11	Indicative
It read , " The people of Fallujah condemn the massacre which was committed on Friday against people dedicated to the protection of Fallujah .	1	Indicative
After all , our organizational performance is seldom measured in terms of how safe we are or how many rules we follow .	15	Indicative
Turns out the engine had no oil , and when oil was put it , it would just run out of the filter .	11	Indicative
In the medium case , investigations find that Enron ( like others ) " played by the rules , " but the rules stunk , and Enron profited at the expense of California consumers .	14	Indicative
As far as the EEI goes , the only remaining issue that I 'm aware of ( aside from finalizing the LOC ) is whether we 've finished coordinating the Attachment containing the list of prior transactions .	13	Indicative
The ship offers variety of eatables , deliciously made .	2	Indicative
The summer there is much more mild than most of the US ( are you coming from the US ? ) .	13	Indicative
I guess if you are someone not familiar with how NASA benefits our society I can see how one might form the opinion of yheggy - ga .	1	Indicative
the group to which Edwardsiella andrillae belongs includes many species that reproduce asexually , and it 's possible that the fields are " clones " produced asexually rather than the result of sexual reproduction .	16	Indicative
The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly and informative and answered any question I had .	4	Indicative
Voters see the two major party nominees as exemplifying what is worst about their respective parties , and they want something better .	10	Indicative
Dunn believes the resulting overcharges for electricity exceeded $ 30 billion .	7	Indicative
Meanwhile , President George W Bush has said he will lead an inquiry into how the disaster was handled .	17	Indicative
She asked for the dinner combo and they gave her two dinner plates instead .	1	Indicative
WebLogic is required by BackWeb , although it is designed by a separate company .	8	Indicative
She died from infection caused by severe eczema after they shunned effective conventional medical treatments for homeopathy , a form of alternative medicine that has been described as pseudoscience .	24	Indicative
His small nose showed unexpectedly beaky now that the skin had sunk on either side .	3	Indicative
There is even free coffee and bottles of water if you 'd like .	1	Indicative
The measures thus decided on shall be applicable forthwith , shall take account of the interest of all parties concerned and shall not entail frontier controls .	19	Indicative
I enjoyed your recent e-mail but was sorry to hear about your dad .	1	Indicative
It was hot there too ; big flies buzzed fiendishly , and did not sting , but stabbed .	12	Indicative
Please let me know if you need anything else .	1	Imperative-Jussive
As the counterman swung into action , he spoke over his shoulder to Quinn .	3	Indicative
Sometimes before the dusk wavered the wood away into the distance , he went out into the sunlight that collected like golden water in the dip of the meadows and shot a partridge .	4	Indicative
He then spent four years with BBC World Service radio at Bush House .	2	Indicative
Harry stared .	1	Indicative
But something about it seemed to call out to him – as if its unique destiny in the world was to hold the words that came from his pen .	25	Indicative
I mean the theory was , whether you believe it or not , that it would be a defensive alliance against potential Soviet aggression , that ’s the basic doctrine .	4	Indicative
undoubtedly he looked older .	2	Indicative
Again , the number was busy .	4	Indicative
Nobody pays someone to keep their horse in shape and rides once a week , then takes all the ribbons at the show because their horse is good .	10	Indicative
But there are strong hints in the country that a new Indo - Sri Lanka defense deal could be in the making .	2	Indicative
The huge eyes blinked and vanished .	3	Indicative
To relax and to rejuvenate Disney cruise are the best option .	7	Indicative
Like I 'm legitimately concerned at this point ... lol	2	Indicative
In 1821 Balzac met the enterprising Auguste Lepoitevin , who convinced the author to write short stories , which Lepoitevin would then sell to publishers .	3	Indicative
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .	7	Indicative
SQL Server verifies that the account name and password were validated when the user logged on to the system and grants access to the database , without requiring a separate logon name or password .	2	Indicative
Of course you do , you 're a Mets fan caught in a do-or-die moment in late September at Shea	6	Indicative
From this , we conclude that an intervention based on cognitive digital games offers contributions to the learning process and improvement of sustained attention .	4	Indicative
She also seems to hate it whenever I ask her out on a date , to the point she said stop !	19	Indicative
maybe you should understand how the world works & realize you are just like any other person & not put yourself on a pedestal .	11	Indicative
These may be reasonable assumptions , but the estimate was deeply unsettling to many .	9	Indicative
Almost embarrassed by the intensity of his feelings , Quinn tucked the red notebook under his arm , walked over to the cash register , and bought it .	10	Indicative
How do you English say , eh ? Good-by .	1	Indicative
" It 's a very , very desperate situation , " Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco said .	2	Indicative
On the Metro : Get in the Metro at Opera .	4	Imperative-Jussive
Bray was half-embarrassed to find that he even caught his eye , once , and there was a quick smile ; but Mweta was used to having eyes on him , by now .	16	Indicative
Loved every bit of it . :)	0	Indicative
A new study documenting iodine nutritional status in Australian school children has revealed many are not getting enough iodine - which can lead to mental and growth retardation .	11	Indicative
Is there 1 available ?	0	Indicative
Biologist Nick Bos tells Wikinews about ' self-medicating ' ants	3	Indicative
and she was always really shy to show that off to people , and I wanted to help her show that stuff , and I wanted to bring it out to the world .	15	Indicative
He was dehydrated when he got there and lost weight .	8	Indicative
I recently converted this test to an online test in order to norm it to a larger population and , subsequently , to make it available to any one who has access to a computer and the Internet .	2	Indicative
I go to school in the area and usually wait until I go home to get my hair cut .	12	Indicative
they all need love and attn , food , proper surroundings etc .	2	Indicative
“ Superheroes are outside of human experience and so is this , so I treated it like a drama , ” Zimmer says .	9	Indicative
10 - Number of days that the Pentagon spent investigating a soldier who had called the President " a joke " in a letter to the editor of a Newspaper .	13	Indicative
Whoever wins election on November 5 , 2013 , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .	1	Indicative
A shipment of new notebooks had come in , and the pile was impressive , a beautiful array of blues and greens and reds and yellows .	12	Indicative
This formidable enemy , which gave the Indian army a black eye in the mid-1980s , has been operating in northeastern India and in the Andaman Sea for a long time .	5	Indicative
The rooms are SO clean , the managers / owners are the nicest people , the place feels so homey , and the location and grounds are beautiful .	17	Indicative
Once we agree on the list , we can sign the EEI Master .	2	Indicative
Open your image while it 's still in color	5	Indicative
It was a brilliant , sunny day .	1	Indicative
IT S NOT A BIG DEAL BUT I HAD TO TAKE MY SALAD HOME BECAUSE THEY FORGOT TO BRING IT .	8	Indicative
Ron had gone a nasty greenish colour , his eyes fixed on the house .	1	Indicative
By the way , AKMA was the first guy I know of to do something like this , with Lawrence Lessig 's Free Culture .	5	Indicative
Article 1 of the Pericles Decision provides that the programme shall run from 1 January 2002 to 31 December 2005 .	6	Indicative
With a roar , the fire turned emerald green and rose higher than Fred , who stepped right into it , shouted , Diagon Alley ! and vanished .	16	Indicative
--- $ 10 million is provided for Centennial Challenges .	4	Indicative
And I remember there sitting at my desk thinking , " Well , I know this " .	14	Indicative
IF YOU WANT A LITTLE CAJUNISH FOOD - IT IS GOOD .	2	Indicative
That 's all right , officer , this is Colonel Bray .	1	Indicative
The only reason I switched away from them in the first place is because my good friend who apprenticed with them was starting out on his own .	18	Indicative
We 're set for 11/01/01 .	1	Indicative
January 15th -- We were signed up for Saturday 's 2 PM class " Beginning Yoga with Brittany . "	4	Indicative
The one guy who was there , I 'm guessing was the owner , was probably the least helpful person I 've ever met .	4	Indicative
I think it 's a combination of the beauty , of the imagination , of the freedom .	3	Indicative
[ an error occurred while processing this directive ]	3	Indicative
Afterwards as the evening faded he cleaned the gun almost by feel and the clean , practical smell of gun-oil conveyed the simple satisfaction of the task .	4	Indicative
The history of values is okay because wisdom is ageless ; it does n’t grow old , like material .	12	Indicative
To this end , I would like to remind you of the resolution of 15 September , which recommended that the proposal be presented as soon as possible .	18	Indicative
If you remove a field and later add the field back to the layout , the same items are again hidden .	2	Indicative
He recalled that she was less interested in details , such as staircases .	4	Indicative
I ended up going to the Centre for Social Evolution at the University of Copenhagen where I did a project on learning in Ants under supervision of Prof. Patrizia d'Ettorre .	17	Indicative
Thank you ,	0	Indicative
I found my initial selection satisfactory but the wine flight we chose to be poorly composed .	1	Indicative
With these fusions , chiropractric is n't as successful , but it still is very helpful .	5	Indicative
He knows what he wants .	1	Indicative
The alliance is a pretty straightforward one .	2	Indicative
I do n't remember the exact cost but remember thinking how inexpensive it was .	1	Indicative
Rumsfeld initially rejected an attack on al - Qaeda bases in Afghanistan , saying there were " no good targets " in Afghanistan .	15	Indicative
Al Qaeda members and sympathizers feel that the FBI 's involvement in countries like Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Pakistan , Indonesia , and the Philippines interferes with the sovereignty of those countries .	5	Indicative
And while doing so continue using the Baba Nam Kevalam mantra ( breathe in with Baba Nam , breathe out with Kevalam ) .	18	Imperative-Jussive
The Guinea pig is better because it s a lot larger than a hamster , rat , mouse , or degu .	3	Indicative
Please everyone .... take heed and do n't get caught up in the hype about DECOR and YOU working with every budget ...	6	Imperative-Jussive
In 1912 was founded the first film company ( Athina Film ) and in 1916 the Asty Film .	2	Indicative
They also got my friend s order mixed up and wanted to charger her $ 10 more than what she had wanted .	10	Indicative
Check the link for a sampling of prices .	0	Imperative-Jussive
He took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of his shoes ??	1	Indicative
Reply	0	Imperative-Jussive
After looking at the menu and seeing the new menu items they had , we knew we were in for a treat !	17	Indicative
I seem to be going out , he said to himself .	1	Indicative
Hope you will be sorted .	0	Indicative
Heisenberg was n't sure .	1	Indicative
She smelled like honey that has been kept a while in a dark room , a little fermented .	5	Indicative
Coron has taken an important position in the tourism industry .	1	Indicative
The association that represents real estate agents in Ontario says more needs to be done to protect consumers and punish agents found to have engaged in unethical behaviour .	11	Indicative
“ Superheroes are outside of human experience and so is this , so I treated it like a drama , ” Zimmer says .	14	Indicative
the difference is that when a bomb goes off in a West End restaurant the fundamental right of England to exist is not in dispute .	7	Indicative
Tropical cyclones are sustained by a form of energy called latent heat , which is released by moisture evaporated from the ocean that condenses to form rain .	2	Indicative
the first part ( of four ) covers a span of six years , while the final two sections focus on just three days .	19	Indicative
In a bulletin , the FBI noted that the surveillance might relate to a plot to disperse a chemical or biological weapon .	6	Indicative
What saves us is efficiency – the devotion to efficiency .	1	Indicative
The moves themselves are relatively straightforward , but the positing , the timing , and the elegance required takes a lifetime of practice .	18	Indicative
She sounded breathless and kept patting her hair .	4	Indicative
I mean there ’s certainly signs of it , and in the United States too , in fact we had a sit down strike in the United States not long ago , which is a very militant labor action .	33	Indicative
I have never seen this car before until this lady at wal mart had it and she told me she got it here and that everyone was so nice to her .	13	Indicative
There began one of those chases about in the night that , Bray saw , Neil Bayley fiercely enjoyed .	18	Indicative
During this time Balzac wrote two pamphlets in support of primogeniture and the Society of Jesus .	4	Indicative
In the end , these choices provide the greatest number of people with the best opportunity to share in the history and accomplishments of NASA 's remarkable Space Shuttle Program .	6	Indicative
Two Judges shall be appointed to the Court of Justice and two Judges shall be appointed to the General Court .	2	Indicative
It was just like Marlow . It was accepted in silence .	1	Indicative
Revenues for these customers were adjusted according .	4	Indicative
If you want chocolate cupcakes , add cocoa ( about 1/2 cup ) to this stage .	2	Indicative
They do n't do certain things that are really annoying about other offices .	1	Indicative
La Comédie humaine reflects his real - life difficulties , and includes scenes from his own experience .	11	Indicative
Her mother Ismat last saw Aafia and her grandchildren before they left in a minicab at the end of March .	4	Indicative
As most of them have few technical skills , and the Andamans have little demand for them in any case , they turn to smuggling and other unlawful activities .	4	Indicative
We have worked with Daniels on a chromatograph on another project and prepayment has taken 45 days alone .	1	Indicative
Think that was bad - by December of '74 the Dow had sunk to a bear market low of 577 .	0	Indicative
Even the public clinics and hospitals that do exist are often rendered useless by high rates of absenteeism by doctors .	7	Indicative
in our case , they are only hedging .	5	Indicative
I started collecting animations & jokes just to help with my boredom and depression .	1	Indicative
I believe that the Commission 's initial approach was wise , because the problem calls for countless exceptions to the general rule .	8	Indicative
Sunni Iraqis contend that elections are impossible to hold under occupation .	5	Indicative
What s your favorite part about trail riding ?	1	Indicative
The staff was very helpful and gave me exactly what I needed for my first time ballerina .	11	Indicative
The woman who had dozed beside him all night communicating the intimate rhythm of her breathing but never exchanging a word , suddenly began to talk like a bird who has the cover taken off its cage .	30	Indicative
2 ) Your vet would not prescribe them if they did n't think it would be helpful .	10	Indicative
3 . Is there too much mineral in the water ?	2	Indicative
The birds sang so beautifully , the young deer skipped so happily , that it gladdened my old heart , and I could n't help singing too ...	2	Indicative
But nothing is certain .	2	Indicative
Pretending he had n't noticed this , Harry sat down and took the toast Mrs Weasley offered him .	8	Indicative
Besides , the wooing power of flowery , gushing compliments is diminished ( to say the least ) when the compliments are displayed in a tiny box at the bottom of the screen alongside cartoon smiley faces .	21	Indicative
( 1 ) Everyone has duties to the community in which alone the free and full development of his personality is possible .	4	Indicative
As tropical cyclones make landfall , this energy source is cut-off and they rapidly lose strength as they move over land .	18	Indicative
The game is at 12 : Sat @ Compaq Center .	2	Indicative
In the past there have been .. and maybe there still are many things that you have had to do without .	11	Indicative
he has been " biting " at her neck and stomach previously while they play without her meowing or anything so i m wondering if he went a little to far that one time .	22	Indicative
A thoroughly comprehensive service ; excellent communication and best of they are transparent with their fee ( ie nothing is simply implied or assumed ) .	11	Indicative
He shook hands , I fancy , murmured vaguely , was satisfied with my French .	1	Indicative
What is the most interesting place to see in South Korea ?	1	Indicative
His mother was also killed in the attack .	2	Indicative
Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "	1	Indicative
I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again , I 'll definitely order a steak .	20	Indicative
As we discussed yesterday , Laird and I spoke and we think that the presentation is good to go for Thursday .	8	Indicative
Pat Wood made a phone call to Tom Noel and told him to get the Texas market fixed .	10	Indicative
That means expense , space , and they require weekly cage cleaning .	8	Indicative
When I was a little girl , he did that often , and called me Muscles .	8	Indicative
Balzac spoke often of a " nervous and fluid force " between individuals , and Raphaël Valentin 's decline in La Peau De Chagrin exemplifies the danger of withdrawing from the company of other people .	1	Indicative
My only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task .	6	Indicative
He snatched up Hedwig 's cage , dashed to the window and passed it out to Ron .	7	Indicative
If an egg turns blue , it had died and then became dyed as the outer membrane broke down .	3	Indicative
For example , I am concerned when I buy the monthly bus passes and I have to fill in my SS number .	4	Indicative
The passionate beginning , the long openness and understanding between them should have meant that she would know what he wanted .	20	Indicative
That is what I want to talk about today .	1	Indicative
We are staying at a hotel in Center City Philadelphia so I wanted something close .	12	Indicative
I 'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually , I 'm sure I do n't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me .	5	Indicative
I am very artistic so I decided I was going to make her a giraffe sculpture .	1	Indicative
The mycelium infuses all landscapes , it holds soils together , it 's extremely tenacious .	7	Indicative
It is neither desirable nor feasible for China to return to the trajectory of 10 % annual growth that it achieved in the three decades after 1980 .	20	Indicative
" I hope that industry , if put to the test , can do better [ than the government ] , but I do not expect it , " Griffin added .	2	Indicative
Just one small commment - it 's not possible , as far as I know , for Google to " Aquire " Firefox .	14	Indicative
If this man was as good a detective as the Stillmans thought he was , perhaps he would be able to help with the case .	11	Indicative
It was only months and months afterwards , when I made the attempt to recover what was left of the body , that I heard the original quarrel arose from a misunderstanding about some hens .	28	Indicative
Comb Type : Silkies have walnut combs which is actually genetically two comb types ( Rose and Pea ) single is also there , but is recessive .	8	Indicative
Sociologists have explored the adverse consequences of discrimination [ 3 – 5 ] ;	1	Indicative
“ Complete neglect of his own health , ” his wife , Alice , reported .	14	Indicative
Here 's a great vegan cupcake recipe to use as a base for whatever flavored icing you want to add to it .	1	Indicative
The best analogy I ’ve heard is when Rob Siegel , former editor-in-chief , likened it to wine tasting .	6	Indicative
Basically , she came up with a few class projects , and I came up with a few class projects ;	13	Indicative
While he admired and drew inspiration from the Romantic style of Scottish novelist Walter Scott , Balzac sought to depict human existence through the use of particulars .	4	Indicative
It serves as a reminder of the work that needs to be completed for the cross-linguistic study of SI in particular and acquisition more generally .	9	Indicative
Therefore , we will have to see how the requirements guaranteeing the maximum degree of safety can be further improved .	16	Indicative
In 1623 , John Heminges and Henry Condell , two of Shakespeare 's friends from the King 's Men , published the First Folio , a collected edition of Shakespeare 's plays .	20	Indicative
Over two hours later ( and ten minutes before they closed ) my car was finally finished .	14	Indicative
It put hair on my chest and thanks to the owner s advice I invested vanguard , got myself a woman like Jerry , and became a republican .	14	Indicative
We have the technology ; if you are going to spend billions of dollars touting " FREEDOM " why not spend those billions making all of us free ?	7	Indicative
And what is there to show for it ?	2	Indicative
Action Network is a BBC website for people who are taking action on issues that concern them .	9	Indicative
For some reason , he found it unpleasant to look in the mirror and kept trying to avoid himself with his eyes .	5	Indicative
i am not going unless lisa promises to get all wasted and boob out .	6	Indicative
I have no inside information , but I have been following links today that strongly indicate that Google is damn serious about securing permanent control of the leading edge browser technology in Firefox .	18	Indicative
Preparing a Union-wide harmonising directive on as complex a matter as energy is certainly a complicated business .	12	Indicative
When I inquired he rudely replied " in the morning when things are checked out you 'll get it back . "	2	Indicative
The store manager , Jim Smith , made an excellent tire recommendation for my newly acquired Lexus .	7	Indicative
Nevertheless this places Karzai in a difficult and sensitive situation because he has to maintain excellent relations with both the US and Iran .	12	Indicative
As he did with the people around him , Balzac studied these places in depth , traveling to remote locations and surveying notes that he had made on previous visits .	25	Indicative
And this was simply his opening gambit ; he would start talking about that he had been out late the night before drinking .	2	Indicative
This gives them a competitive edge for the interim period .	1	Indicative
Please send me an email response about whether you and Michelle Cash are OK with what he 's written .	12	Indicative
I 've stayed in a more expensive hotel there , but you can check some travelguides or tripadvisor ?	1	Indicative
There are already several forums around the net focused on discussing Guild Wars , so why create a new one ?	1	Indicative
Some attributions , such as Titus Andronicus and the early history plays , remain controversial , while The Two Noble Kinsmen and the lost Cardenio have well - attested contemporary documentation .	13	Indicative
" We are seeing many , many countries and especially large new emitters like Brazil , South Africa , India and China stepping up to the plate in terms of playing a role in reducing emissions , " said Guilbeault .	2	Indicative
Once Bet was asleep it was impossible to wake her up .	2	Indicative
Periods of rapid growth in lending are often associated with construction booms , partly because real - estate assets are relatively easy to post as collateral for loans .	6	Indicative
I 'm compeltly dissatisfied with their service and their products .	1	Indicative
I hope that the debate on wine-growing will benefit the wine producer , the product and the consumer alike .	1	Indicative
I was very happy with the customer service and even more please with the portion size , to go box set up and quality of the food for the price .	1	Indicative
" No , " she said .	5	Indicative
Do n't eavesdrop , but when they 're talking to you or to those around you , listen to them .	7	Indicative
HBS will shadow Enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period .	28	Indicative
he does n't seem to know that they are food .	8	Indicative
Read the entire article ; there 's a punchline , too .	0	Imperative-Jussive
I love to play with that and I am always looking for muses that fit that bill because it is so interesting making a collection when I find one .	14	Indicative
But if -- there 's a painting on the wall in the Oval Office that shows a horseman charging up a steep cliff , and there are at least two other horsemen following .	15	Indicative
did anyone have this issue ?	0	Indicative
The employees at this Sear's are completely apathetic and there did n't seem to be any sort of management that I could see .	5	Indicative
I am going to count it as signed , since BC Gas has signed , but we still need it to be signed by ECC .	1	Indicative
At some point in the not so distant future , the Houson and London credit departments need to speak in order that each understands the " philosophy " behind credit analysis for the omnibus and master transactions .	16	Indicative
If that were the case , and Stillman managed to elude him , it would mean that Virginia Stillman was responsible .	2	Indicative
Oxalic acid is two carbon dioxide molecules joined together .	2	Indicative
If this is a solo jump , which constitutes the minority of skydivers , your only recourse is to ensure that at least one of your own chutes opens .	17	Indicative
I 've never been a smoker & am a very strong anti-smoker , but I 'm an over-eater & so I know how hard it is to change a habit .	25	Indicative
He was three months late in filing a name for the business , and he threatened to call his company Apple Computers if the other colleagues did n't suggest a better name by 5 O'clock .	26	Indicative
Get feedback from researchers on possible subjects , based on the knowledge and skills they feel librarians need ;	17	Indicative
He was great by this little thing that it was impossible to tell what could control such a man .	9	Indicative
Just relax and enjoy .	1	Imperative-Jussive
It might have been connected with the philanthropic desire of giving the criminals something to do .	2	Indicative
I wonder if you 've had any trouble with your phone lately .	1	Indicative
Wolfowitz lied to him and said that there was a 10 to 50 % chance that Iraq was behind them .	1	Indicative
His willful nature caused trouble throughout his life and frustrated his ambitions to succeed in the world of business .	3	Indicative
Let him go at his own pace , do n't rush with him , and never ever resort to physical violence with your bird .	0	Imperative-Jussive
i have tried feeding him 5 or 6 live pinkies and 4 or 5 frozen ( thawed ) pinkies .	1	Indicative
It would n't be the first time he 'd collapsed on a delivery .	8	Indicative
Cultural differences do exist , and so I do not understand why there should not be mandatory provision for exemptions .	8	Indicative
Another bad step was the recent arrest of Sheikh Hassan Al - Lihabi , of the Lihaib tribe which is scattered between the governorates of Al - Anbar , Mosul and Salah Al - Din .	19	Indicative
Food - very good for a midnight meal that is n't fast food .	9	Indicative
I really like the MIUI , but a process crashes repeatedly about every 3 seconds .	9	Indicative
I feel that the way some doctor s offices work around here is a little bit absurd so I 'm happy that these guys do n't do those two things in particlular .	24	Indicative
The pool was supposed to close at 10 and they would have people down there until 11:45 yelling , playing music and do who - knows - what in the dark corners of the pool .	22	Indicative
For this we basically put colonies on a diet of either food with medicine or without for a while .	4	Indicative
We still have the traders and books that you provided last week , but need to know if there are any changes to this .	14	Indicative
He handed it to Auster . You see , he said .	1	Indicative
Yahoo! Founders Jerry Yang and David Filo selected the name because they considered themselves yahoos ...	12	Indicative
Moreover there are now major covert attempts under way to try and bring back to Kabul leading Taliban commanders , who have been living quietly in Pakistan and have taken no part in the Taliban insurgency .	21	Indicative
Dr Greenwalt fixed my neck from a snowboard injury and was way more effective that a regular doctor .	2	Indicative
I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once , you ca n't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .	8	Indicative
He is joining an excellent company .	1	Indicative
There was another large meal , and an exchange about a bottle of white wine between Dando and his cook , Festus .	1	Indicative
By the 7th century BC , social unrest had become widespread , and the Areopagus appointed Draco to draft a strict new law code ( hence " draconian " ) .	8	Indicative
The food was out standing .	2	Indicative
Dr. Stiefvater has always been very professional and helpful .	2	Indicative
At the height of the development of his biological weapons program , his brother was extradited pursuant to a death sentence in the " Albanian returnees " case ( now he faces retrial ) .	14	Indicative
The liq value for the call is CORRECT .	6	Indicative
Abby is our beloved friend , and we are trying to raise money for her any way we can , so this prize money is important to help her continue to receive her life - saving treatments .	1	Indicative
A bit pricey , so I did n't go very often , but it was always a treat when I did .	6	Indicative
I am going to find out how much line we currently have available ... you probably already have this .	1	Indicative
close the door , and keep him in there for a week .	0	Imperative-Jussive
His column appears in The Hill each week .	2	Indicative
North Korea puts military in ' quasi-state of war '	2	Indicative
That was 4 years ago .	1	Indicative
Remember , at the beginning they burn his books of chivalry , but that has no effect .	6	Indicative
google nazi stolen art recovery ...	0	Imperative-Jussive
In a highly significant move Afghan Pashtun tribes along the Pakistan border warned the Taliban in Quetta and Chaman that if they try and disrupt the elections , they would be resisted .	12	Indicative
We have evidence , Mr President , but we apparently do not have proof .	1	Indicative
So , as each post is downloaded and the directions carefully followed , all members will be reimbursed for their participation as a List Developer with one dollar each .	5	Indicative
Yeah you got ta burn it .. that s the only way	8	Indicative
I recommend them highly !	1	Indicative
He was great by this little thing that it was impossible to tell what could control such a man .	1	Indicative
This new legally binding vote is highlighted in the revision of the Rules by describing it as the election of the Commission .	5	Indicative
Do yourself a favor , call these guys first and enjoy driving your car again ..	10	Imperative-Jussive
When the cities are on fire with the burning flesh of men	3	Indicative
Neither me nor my son have n't had a single cavity since we started dental care there .	13	Indicative
Whatever type of operation they are running , I 'm not interested and if you 're smart , you wo n't be either .	5	Indicative
While they are extremely accurate , laser sights do not operate well when drunk or high because the beam often does not show up on the target .	8	Indicative
My room was delightful and the attention to detail was amazing .	9	Indicative
The terms of office of the newly appointed members shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office at the time of accession .	9	Indicative
I used to be , said Quinn .	1	Indicative
Perfect since I 'm on a budget .	3	Indicative
I work with him and since past 6 years he is hosting his websites to Liquidweb .	10	Indicative
Until now , he realized , he had never seriously questioned the circumstances of his hiring .	4	Indicative
I 'm a 20 year old female travelling by myself so it could be anything .	1	Indicative
Run for the hills ... you 'll be much better off !	0	Imperative-Jussive
When people die of old age in India , it is supposed to be a celebration .	2	Indicative
The only hope now is that , following the elections , the National Assembly would offer the hand of peace and reconciliation to the dissenting parties .	4	Indicative
And though he 'd been a faithful servant , he was not such a player that he could get away with that .	10	Indicative
The BBC 's Alastair Leithead in New Orleans says there is panic as vital supplies run out .	10	Indicative
It was a man who opened the apartment door .	1	Indicative
As he wandered through the station , he reminded himself of who he was supposed to be .	8	Indicative
My father took off his coat and draped it over the edge of the pew and when I came back from communion I stole his glove .	7	Indicative
I hope to lead the Republican party in a new direction for working class Americans .	1	Indicative
Just pray that you have not ever given this criminal enough information for your identity to be stolen - your full name , birthdate , home address , etc or that you were not conned into sending money .	32	Indicative
I have been getting my treatments for a few months now and have seen some results but not up to the standards that I was told I should expect .	24	Indicative
I met Gwenzi 's brother in London one day while he was at Gray 's Inn ;	1	Indicative
That 's why I rang the buzzer without asking who it was .	4	Indicative
The other Canadian recipient of the medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford , 42 , of Hamilton , who was killed Aug. 4 , 2002 , while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife .	18	Indicative
30 - Length of time in months between Enron 's collapse and Lay ( whom the President called " Kenny Boy " ) still not being charged with a crime .	17	Indicative
He took a pinch of glittering powder out of the flowerpot , stepped up to the fire , and threw the powder into the flames .	19	Indicative
5 - Number of major US airports at the beginning of 2004 that the Transportation Security Administration admitted were Not fully screening baggage electronically .	17	Indicative
I always leave loving my hair style .	2	Indicative
Scientists can argue all they want about how many degrees Celsius -- or Fahrenheit -- the planet is warming and what the trend portends , but meanwhile Earth 's plants , insects and animals are not waiting for the outcome .	23	Indicative
many PCs have sleep & charge now , that allow the PC to go into sleep mode , and still allow the USB ports to charge things like phones .	20	Indicative
After the sinking of the Titanic in 1912 , was there a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking ?	29	Indicative
No evidence suggests that Shakespeare approved these editions , which the First Folio describes as " stol ' n and surreptitious copies " .	5	Indicative
I did n't get a chance to talk to Paul today .	1	Indicative
" Her voice literally went around the world , " Leive said .	11	Indicative
He 'll be fine , Molly , do n't fuss , said Mr Weasley , helping himself to Floo powder , too .	11	Indicative
Do nt give up !	2	Imperative-Jussive
Several years ago I developed a short paper and pencil screening test which , in a small pilot study , discriminated between ADHD , LD , and control subjects .	20	Indicative
Do n't waste time , just drive 10 minutes more down to Stevens Creek , they actually do try to help their customers there !	17	Indicative
Reach over 800 million people where they connect and share .	7	Indicative
He remembered having read somewhere that the eyes were the one feature of the face that never changed .	1	Indicative
" I 'm pretty suspicious of making broad generalizations , " however , he cautioned .	2	Indicative
Branch out and try something other than the Pad Thai , the curries are fantastic .	3	Imperative-Jussive
Follow-up studies with increased stimuli and participants are needed .	7	Indicative
so i m a little confused , why is there two statues of David ?	2	Indicative
I am the only candidate who has studied both economics and law , and the only candidate with a background in technology entrepreneurship .	1	Indicative
IE6 shipped with Windows XP , nearly a decade ago .	1	Indicative
Do n't forget about me .	2	Imperative-Jussive
A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and the Middle East .	15	Indicative
This project is of relevance to researchers in media studies , fan studies , information studies and digital humanities .	2	Indicative
So I started a small mailing list and added their addresses to it .	8	Indicative
All the outside participants will be prompted to enter their access code , which is 600-480 .	14	Indicative
John Key is too busy looking after his rich mates , while the rest of us pay .	2	Indicative
Now , people wonder if Google can even survive .	3	Indicative
" But do n't Americans know that Sadat was a Nazi ? " the librarian says .	2	Indicative
They have crushed red pepper flakes and oregano .	1	Indicative
I want to save up for a canon t3i , around 750 - 800 + :(	1	Indicative
For example , you can select from the Promotions row field all the promotions that run for a specific period and create a group .	15	Indicative
He had wanted to take in the details of what he was seeing , but the task was somehow beyond him at that moment .	11	Indicative
Why has there been no Health and Safety Committee meeting since 1998 ?	1	Indicative
The car concept has got off to a good start .	4	Indicative
While most U.S. secretaries of state -- save perhaps Dean Rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with , few have been as brazen as Colin Powell .	20	Indicative
I am a business owner in downtown Saratoga Springs and wish this restaurant was in our town !	10	Indicative
You 're at 7th .	1	Indicative
Al - Qaeda in Afghanistan was a group of only a few hundred " Afghan Arabs " who pledged personal loyalty to Usamah Bin Laden .	5	Indicative
have fun .	0	Imperative-Jussive
If you have children or are just a real animal lover yourself you 'll love this zoo .	5	Indicative
I guess if you are someone not familiar with how NASA benefits our society I can see how one might form the opinion of yheggy - ga .	4	Indicative
No Shakespearean poems were included in the First Folio .	3	Indicative
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines ( physical and financial ) for the London traders .	6	Indicative
We have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose .	1	Indicative
Does it make sense for us to set up a meeting with you participating from Buenos Aires ?	0	Indicative
It seems he could not make bricks without something , I do n't know what – straw maybe .	1	Indicative
She was outside the building in the gardens , waiting for a photographer she had arranged to shoot her new Epic Mickey costumed character-style outfit .	1	Indicative
He was also the Team Manager of the Slovenian wheelchair basketball national team .	1	Indicative
and I said , YES , CENTER CITY PHILLY , and he says , NO , Warwick is a township , If you 're at a Radison in Warwick that s too far , try dominos in Pottstown .	30	Indicative
The paint becomes exhausted , the city encroaches with its soot , the plaster crumbles within .	2	Indicative
USDA employee Johnelle Bryant first told us , in sensational detail , of Atta 's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster .	5	Indicative
When it comes to genetic engineering , however , science seems to matter less than politics .	10	Indicative
Should you have any questions , feel free to call me .	6	Imperative-Jussive
The US State Department said John Kerry , the Secretary of State , contacted Thailand 's foreign minister over temporary housing for the Rohingya out at sea .	13	Indicative
No , but he 'd already mentioned it yesterday , is n't that so ?	4	Indicative
Elements of the Zeitgeist were also playfully recreated on USI 's opening night .	4	Indicative
We heard nothing .	1	Indicative
How will resources be allocated to care for the elderly , especially in slow - growing economies where existing public pension schemes and old - age health plans are patently unsustainable ?	1	Indicative
The city regained its importance in Greek civilization , and by 1900 had evolved into a very attractive cosmopolitan city , with abundant neoclassical architecture harking to the nation 's past .	2	Indicative
It is never over , especially when a real solution , a real treatment for our sickness , is yet to begin .	18	Indicative
An area that used to be bald as a billiard ball is now a sea of willow . "	11	Indicative
He was a blond-haired boy of five or six .	1	Indicative
The population increased , as many people from Luzon and the Visayas came to work either as fishermen or miners .	12	Indicative
Most people have n't gone to work the last few days , although it seems that the rest of Baghdad is ' normal ' ( if you can define what normal is ) .	31	Indicative
i.e. Are we covered if we proceed a word with " Enron " ?	1	Indicative
I think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards , but I wonder about the most appropriate timing , enough of a global message and the means of delivery .	1	Indicative
The fitness center was GREAT !	3	Indicative
i cold n't find anywere else local to fix it so i took it there and they fixed it for $ 150 ...	12	Indicative
You can also provide the schema to other businesses and applications so that they know how they should structure any data they provide to you and they , in turn , can provide their schema to you .	14	Indicative
The timing of the decision was also significant ;	5	Indicative
I paid 2 k cash for a truck with a blown motor .	1	Indicative
The 10 - week course has been " certified " by UK spy agency GCHQ .	5	Indicative
I can not describe how delicious the mango and cheese pastries and the omelets are to die for .	14	Indicative
Young and new faces emerged in the new council members , as veteran politicians stepped down in both the anti-establishment and pro-Beijing campus .	14	Indicative
Abu Musab al - Zarqawi and his group are said to have been bitter rivals of al - Qaeda during the Afghan resistance days .	8	Indicative
If you 'd like to , you can add this email address to your existing Facebook account to ensure that you won't get Facebook invites sent to you in the future .	21	Indicative
I know that Jeff is in Portland .	4	Indicative
If I threw him against a wall and still conscious he will run away , do I hang him by the tail so the blood can flush into his skull ?	15	Indicative
1 The RecordsetDef object , which contains one or more record sources	6	Indicative
I am intrigued by the competition for trading platforms and was astonished to hear that Goldman , Morgan , BP and Shell were going to launch a site to compete with yours .	10	Indicative
Investigators said the nun , Margaret Ann Pahl , 71 , was strangled and then stabbed , with nine wounds on her chest forming the shape of an inverted cross , a well - recognized Satanic symbol .	11	Indicative
Her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard .	3	Indicative
She is a super sweet , lovable and well - informed woman with a great sense of humor .	1	Indicative
Their attempts to ingratiate themselves with India and other neutralist nations have gained them little .	11	Indicative
Nor did she realize that he wrote popular literature which aimed to please the general public and in no way wished to be associated with serious literature .	6	Indicative
Currently , Mercury and Venus is conjunct and the conjunction is being closely aspected by Rahu .	10	Indicative
So the mites do n’t see them when they jump .	3	Indicative
Never had a problem with the staff and found them very helpful when something went wrong .	1	Indicative
Subject : Re : NASA IS A WASTE !	5	Indicative
Please let them know that I was simply quoting the CEO of a large , regulated utility in California .	6	Indicative
Here was the symbolic attainment of something he had believed in , willed and worked for , for a good stretch of his life :	8	Indicative
So , I am asking , will you take my fifteen dollars ? "	3	Indicative
I live in London .	1	Indicative
Decisions have also been adopted against a tax of this kind .	1	Indicative
I have many friends that have laptops bought in the UK that use them here	12	Indicative
That is why leaders and policymakers from across the continent have declared 2014 Africa 's Year of Agriculture and Food Security .	1	Indicative
The way China develops is vital for the way our own societies develop .	3	Indicative
Put on a pair of spurs and before she makes that trot step , it 's in the feeling when you feel her think trot , tick her with the spur and lift with your body to keep her moving .	21	Indicative
I am interested in several artists .	1	Indicative
While in the U.S. , he took occasion to study the country 's educational system .	6	Indicative
They want a program that will be a success , " Johnson - Freese said .	14	Indicative
Iron is an essential element the body requires to produce hemoglobin , the protein found in red blood cells that 's responsible for transporting oxygen to tissues in the body .	20	Indicative
Yes , we had to wait , but ER is a triage system that takes the most life threatening cases first .	9	Indicative
" They are not in any hurry .	2	Indicative
Heavily armed police have been trying to impose a form of martial law to stem outbreaks of looting .	3	Indicative
extend the time he is out each day , but for the first month , always put him in his room at night , so he feels safe to sleep .	16	Imperative-Jussive
Although it is often alleged ( without much evidence ) that Saddam Hussein gave money to the families of Palestinian suicide bombers and so encouraged asymmetrical warfare , it is not clear that he actually posed a danger to Israel .	2	Indicative
Hope she stops laying eggs because she will get really skinny !	0	Indicative
It is also that circle that leads the way in blaming everybody outside the Moslem world , for the miseries of the region .	6	Indicative
Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many of which they themselves created .	23	Indicative
These animals have the misfortune to produce a substance that is useful in the manufacture of perfume .	2	Indicative
The portions were generous enough that we even took some home !	8	Indicative
I 'll admit I was n't expecting much from this place , but they really did do a good job .	15	Indicative
And I have made him hire these girls , and ultimately he 's been right	2	Indicative
He was trying to buddy with Archibald and impress him .	1	Indicative
I do n't know if the kid had a bad day or what , but I had to sit and apologize about nothing for 10 minutes until he dropped the issue .	1	Indicative
The result of one conditional filter does not affect the result of another .	6	Indicative
Londoners flocked there to see the first part of Henry IV , Leonard Digges recording , " Let but Falstaff come , Hal , Poins , the rest ... and you scarce shall have a room " .	32	Indicative
That is why my family and our colleagues are urgently seeking your gracious assistance .	8	Indicative
Evil-looking masks stared down from the walls , an assortment of human bones lay upon the counter , and rusty , spiked instruments hung from the ceiling .	23	Indicative
But that 's between the two of them .	2	Indicative
Such companies bring technologically advanced imports and new management techniques that foster growth in domestic firms , while spurring industrial modernization .	2	Indicative
But if somebody wakes up one morning and suddenly no longer is funny , then yeah , head first , out the door as quickly as possible , and as sadistically as possible .	3	Indicative
Note that this communication is confidential , covered by CA 's settlement rules .	4	Indicative
houston wo n't be too affected b/c most of the layoffs affect satelite offices .	11	Indicative
Jacques is ready to drop in a dollar amount on the release .	1	Indicative
And when the job was done every thing was cleaned up and hauled off that same day .	8	Indicative
Venetia had had a first in Greek , herself , only a year ago , and could laugh over the mistakes .	1	Indicative
Hey there , I 'm trying to find a restaurant in Philly to take my husband tomorrow for his birthday .	4	Indicative
Having DNA-suitable material will let us see whether there are new genes , or genes turned on in different ways and at different times that help explain how these animals burrow into hard ice and then survive in the cold .	25	Indicative
On top of the fridge stood tonight 's pudding : a huge mound of whipped cream and sugared violets .	5	Indicative
Once , Quinn observed , he even stooped down for a dried dog turd , sniffed it carefully , and kept it .	3	Indicative
But since in my country it lasts for minimum 6 years , and I want to go aground the world , what do you think , should I do it before or after medical school ?	14	Indicative
' I have a little theory which you Messieurs who go out there must help me to prove .	10	Indicative
one was strong and healthy , while the other was emaciated , shackled , carrying the baggage of disease , and confronting the massive barrier of malnutrition .	12	Indicative
If Hobbes is too nifty an authority , let us think of the social views of Jimmy Hoffa .	2	Indicative
What also should not be lost in discussion of discrimination is the growing push to implement social policy aimed at reducing the occurrence of discriminatory practices .	10	Indicative
A youthful black official at passport control said uncertainly , Just a minute .	7	Indicative
Uncle Vernon sat back down , breathing like a winded rhinoceros and watching Harry closely out of the corners of his small , sharp eyes .	2	Indicative
At beaches which are primarily Thai visitors however , this is not advised .	3	Indicative
Exile is the longest lasting and most authentic punk store in Richmond !	1	Indicative
Once , when he had been in the luncheonette , they had talked about baseball , and now , each time Quinn came in , they continued to talk about it .	26	Indicative
I 'm very happy with the piano lessons Mrs. Lynda Mcmanus taught me .	11	Indicative
oh god is there an agenda .	2	Indicative
THEY ARE VERY RUDE AND NASTY .	1	Indicative
No business is going to push customers away without good reason ; so is n't it reasonable to think they might know what they 're doing ?	13	Indicative
If all the following instructions are adhered to , you will receive extraordinary dividends .	5	Indicative
I knew that he was an innocent but I would never have believed him to be ignorant of such a thing .	4	Indicative
When you open a page , Access reads the connection file that is linked to the page , and based on the contents of the connection file , connects the page to the appropriate data source .	12	Indicative
And who that person was he had no idea .	6	Indicative
( 16 ) Priority should be given to alternative courses of action such as self-regulation by the industry where such action is likely to deliver the policy objectives faster or in a less costly manner than mandatory requirements .	21	Indicative
I have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35 % more light / heat and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well - being of him .	1	Indicative
2000 - Year that Cheney said his policy as CEO of Halliburton oil services company was " we would n't do anything in Iraq " .	15	Indicative
( " At first I hid a lot .	5	Indicative
He was crossing the street and moving eastward .	1	Indicative
I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again , I 'll definitely order a steak .	1	Indicative
I have lived in the UTC La Jolla area for many years , and I never new this salon was here until a friend reffered me to see Holly here .	24	Indicative
Yes , she and her family were delighted to leave the communistic remnants in that country .	6	Indicative
I was wearing a yellow linen dress which my mother had picked out and which I therefore disliked although I knew it flattered me .	1	Indicative
Lynda is professional and has great compassion for animals .	4	Indicative
Yes things like philosophy and fashion design are interesting , but how many jobs are out there for someone with these qualifications ?	14	Indicative
We believe that is a risk we should not necessarily take on .	1	Indicative
I was very excited that a salon was opening in Lewiston , as I live in Youngstown .	7	Indicative
They came on time and completed their work quickly .	5	Indicative
If you have any questions , please contact us at noc@paulhastings.com .	2	Indicative
It relied on volunteers and state militia units , which faced logistical , training and food problems in the staging areas in Florida .	1	Indicative
A Swedish study has shown that animals seldom , if at all , land after the 2 month breeding period .	13	Indicative
They asked us things that we would have never have thought of , and took extra time to meet with us when we needed it before the wedding .	1	Indicative
Kiara Perkins , a second year USI art major , admitted she was willing to skip class Thursday night to attend the opening exhibit but then circumstances allowed for her to attend the exhibit .	12	Indicative
There are electronic units sold that emit an ultrasonic beeping sound that rodents hate .	1	Indicative
Wish this was in Saratoga --	2	Indicative
I do not think the prior e-mail got through to Kay .	1	Indicative
n3td3v saw this story on BBC News Online and thought you should see it .	9	Indicative
Thank you ,	0	Indicative
Please , let me know .	2	Imperative-Jussive
Even a cotton cloth ( I like diapers ) that is barely damp w water will work fine .	6	Indicative
When something is unprecedented , it means it does n’t have a past , does n’t have a history .	6	Indicative
This file is saved as _report.xml .	2	Indicative
If they do not , if businesspeople feel marginalised , if entrepreneurs cannot take part , not only in managing but also in receiving these funds , we will have missed an opportunity to attain our objectives more rapidly .	28	Indicative
Whether it is appropriate or not is another thing we leave to the pros to decide .	10	Indicative
Claimed he was too busy for two test drives .	0	Indicative
There are only two counterparties at this time who have overdue margin :	9	Indicative
Try the 360 restraunt u spin in the cn tower with a beautiful view the sky pod elevator is about an hour line up in the summer	5	Indicative
He wedged himself between the seats to recover the shoe she had lost somewhere over a distant desert ;	11	Indicative
These amendments deal with the social economy and the need to provide social risk capital and support financially local schemes to develop employment opportunities and strengthen social cohesion .	16	Indicative
My point is that these are all just questions and I am undecided as to the answers .	2	Indicative
I do n't know anything about these transactions .	1	Indicative
I lay there and tried to think if I should put my arm around her , but I did n't know .	1	Indicative
Within the European Union , resale right exists in the legislation of eleven Member States , but it is only really applied in eight .	18	Indicative
It was huge and scared the crap out of me .	4	Indicative
This French born , French trained chef and his creative partners offer a taste fresh , locally sourced , fabulously prepared food in the most unlikely of locations .	11	Indicative
Of the total 56 projects , 41 originate at the competent authorities of Member States , while 15 are an initiative of the Commission / OLAF .	18	Indicative
Myanmar is mainly Buddhist and the United Nations rates the Rohingya among the world 's most persecuted groups .	1	Indicative
Extensive drink list and daily specials but wish they had a bit more on their food menu , although popcorn is a nice touch !	9	Indicative
He is really excited about anybody he see .	1	Indicative
He is my farrier ( shoes my horse s feet ) so I am technically a client if you want to view it that way .	19	Indicative
They have always done a great job at a reasonable price .	1	Indicative
But millions of Moslems are told by their leaders that this is the case .	4	Indicative
It was ok , nice management , they let us check in early , but the place was old .	17	Indicative
On one occasion , it is implied he is an undercover agent whose target is Homer .	5	Indicative
China 's strong hand in this even extends to the diplomatic realm ; China is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council , and could veto any actions against Iran proposed by the United States .	7	Indicative
Tindi Kente is a wonderful dancer , wonderful , is n't she ... just like a snake brought out by music , and sometimes he 'll try with her .	2	Indicative
One thing you can be sure of about Irish weather is how little you can be sure of .	10	Indicative
How do you feel about that ?	3	Indicative
Basil comes in many different varieties , each of which have a unique flavor and smell .	1	Indicative
That needs to be made very clear .	1	Indicative
Sarvis has garnered double digits in opinion polls for the 2013 Virginia gubernatorial election , an unusual feat for a third party candidate .	1	Indicative
Almost embarrassed by the intensity of his feelings , Quinn tucked the red notebook under his arm , walked over to the cash register , and bought it .	18	Indicative
Louis Post Dispatch called it one of LaBeouf 's best performances .	3	Indicative
Another worrisome sign is that local Iraqi Sunni fundamentalists opposed to the US presence in Iraq have begun joining Monotheism and Holy War , and wearing its distinctive orange and black insignia .	16	Indicative
He made a resigned grimace assuming understanding ... My wife and I decided we could n't stick it any longer .	12	Indicative
Is a finch or a parakeet better ?	0	Indicative
2 and then the Quarter field is filtered to display only Golf sales in Qtr3 .	6	Indicative
Only the man with the flowered sponge-bag , as if unaware of this useful convention , insisted on a Here we are again smile .	21	Indicative
Needs to go out of business	0	Indicative
Mr Weasley 's eyes jerked open .	4	Indicative
These measures shall enter into force only subject to and on the date of the entry into force of this Treaty .	2	Indicative
When China 's currency ceases to be undervalued , American shoppers in Wal - Mart , where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in China , will think they are in Neiman Marcus .	4	Indicative
Here 's the text of the email :	1	Indicative
People 's identity is made up of individual elements and elements of larger units to which they belong , and peoples ' impact on reality depends on which elements dominate their behavior .	25	Indicative
Visas and Study Permits are administered by Citizenship and Immigration Canada , and any questions regarding applications should be directed to them .	4	Indicative
It was amazing .	1	Indicative
The light from the door made the shadows under the bleachers darker , the long space stretched far away .	5	Indicative
Kathy and Stewart , the proprietors were the epitome of perfection .	6	Indicative
The rain had stopped now , and although the sky was still gray , far to the west Quinn could see a tiny shift of light seeping through the clouds .	10	Indicative
Climate change affects distribution of weeds , pests , and diseases .	2	Indicative
Do all your chores without being nagged , take care of any existing pets , keep your room clean , and so on .	8	Imperative-Jussive
( Her voice mail says she 's out of the office until Monday . )	4	Indicative
Never fill a box until it is so heavy that you ca n't lift it safely .	6	Indicative
I still do the odd chapter , but i am a bit delinquent in finishing some of them these days !	2	Indicative
please print	1	Imperative-Jussive
I m glad his butt was facing me so he could n't see my red face I think my Mare was even laughing ..	17	Indicative
He sat down in his living room and looked at the walls .	8	Indicative
In two months Carroll had learned that her parents lived on a farm several miles outside of town ; that they sold strawberries in summer , and Christmas trees in the winter .	4	Indicative
If you look at the rooms , there 's all the accouterments you 'd find in these types of places --	2	Indicative
He loved it .	1	Indicative
" All of the research and all of the preparation I did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the Soper [ River ] valley where we were canoeing , " Dr. Fortier said .	17	Indicative
Dragging back the little curtain from the oval window , she looked into the dazzling glare of space and said , Glorious morning up here ! and they discussed with animation the cold and sudden winter that was left behind .	19	Indicative
After changing the security mode , it is strongly recommended that the SA password be changed by using the Set Login Password command ( on the Tools menu , point to Security ) .	14	Subjunctive
" Definitely dodgy " agreed George .	4	Indicative
at the Silver Rhino , of course , you remember the place .	9	Indicative
The kind of laugh they 've picked up from people like Uncle Willie said Neil .	6	Indicative
The psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud drew on Shakespearean psychology , in particular that of Hamlet , for his theories of human nature .	4	Indicative
Our company is a high end designer handbag and fashion accessories company , thus we are certainly a niche market .	2	Indicative
He felt as though Auster were taunting him with the things he had lost , and he responded with envy and rage , a lacerating self-pity .	17	Indicative
He laughed .	1	Indicative
Filtering a field is particularly helpful when you have a large amount of source data but you want to focus on specific areas .	17	Indicative
prime ribs have very good food but it s super expensive	8	Indicative
King Salaman replaced the political veteran with the head of financial oversight , Mohammed al - Jadaan .	2	Indicative
With the demand so high , the question arises on to who should be or has the right to be the Santa of nuclear weapons .	15	Indicative
Josh Kindig , he 's coming on board , he has some ideas for that too , he wants to take over " aywv " and do more gaming news .	10	Indicative
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of May 1 .	18	Indicative
I ordered a kid meal with a milk and found a bottle was half opened already .	12	Indicative
If the negotiations stall , it seems like I need to go ahead and cut off the utilities .	9	Indicative
this is not where the Blue Water Bridge Duty Free is located .	10	Indicative
Just to let you know that it looks like one day will work .	7	Indicative
Wish I knew what he was up to , said Fred , frowning .	0	Indicative
the following year he was joined by his sister Laure and they spent four years away from home .	12	Indicative
He claimed that the new naturalism of Ibsen 's plays had made Shakespeare obsolete .	1	Indicative
If you have n't guessed , it comes from the following :	2	Indicative
Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission 's hearings .	1	Indicative
I guess they figured me for an easy mark , and tried to explain that my car would n't pass unless I replaced a hose .	1	Indicative
If you ever go on a cruise ship , you will be required to attend a SOLAS muster drill ( lifeboat drill ) within 24 hours of sailing .	3	Indicative
We went in for a third visit and they fixed it again , but this time when we picked up the car , the radio and clock did not work .	27	Indicative
Store is on the small side and atmosphere is just average .	1	Indicative
I have been suffering from back pain for over 12 years and have been to numerous specialists , physios , osteos and chiros with no help .	12	Indicative
He stood there and told us how he was n't at fault .	8	Indicative
His plays have been translated into every major living language and are performed more often than those of any other playwright .	2	Indicative
35 m - Number of Americans that the government defines as " food insecure , " in other words , hungry .	9	Indicative
The call was cancelled .	2	Indicative
( Please visit our newly updated website www.caem.org for more information on the DISCO Forum . )	2	Imperative-Jussive
You 've Got Maids did a fabulous job cleaning my home .	4	Indicative
After one month 's full - bore effort , I 'm pleased with the results ( e.g. , we forecast Nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned out $ 46 ) .	28	Indicative
This place is identical to the Youngstown Sports Grille , so I imagine they are owned / operated by the same people .	14	Indicative
* 4 . The fourth element of the current world conflict is the total breaking of all laws . *	11	Indicative
If you can smell the cupcakes earlier , check to make sure they are n't browning earlier ( this means they 're more than ready ) .	21	Indicative
A little birdie told me that you were checking into tickets for Seoul .	3	Indicative
Recently or when you were a child ?	4	Indicative
An official estimate issued in 2003 suggests there are 50,000 " foreigners " in the Andaman Islands , but unofficial figures are much higher than this .	21	Indicative
I 'm going to show you six , if I can , solutions for helping to save the world .	1	Indicative
I 've had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the background I did n't notice at first .	17	Indicative
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to give me a call .	6	Imperative-Jussive
i have to go to butt - fucking mississippi .	1	Indicative
The former leader of the Egyptian Al - Gamaa al - Islamiya ( " Islamic Group " ) , he was also a spiritual leader of Al Qaeda .	20	Indicative
A previous cyclone in 1999 in the Bay of Bengal area of India left 10,000 people dead .	13	Indicative
Are they a chatterbox ?	0	Indicative
You sit here and think : who is this person talking to me ?	4	Indicative
I have counted around 25 of them and they currently reside in a 20 gallon tank .	10	Indicative
now it felt as though cold hands were slapping his face	7	Indicative
I am a preferred provider with most insurance companies .	1	Indicative
But events are totally unimportant for 2 reasons .	2	Indicative
33 - Percentage of the $ 15 bn Bush pledged to fight Aids in Africa that must go to abstinence - only programmes .	9	Indicative
The work is protected by copyright and / or other applicable law .	2	Indicative
The finals saw US team Cloud9 and Immortals , from Brazil , face off in Counter-Strike : Global Offensive .	2	Indicative
Hi , I am a dog trainer for 25 yrs .	3	Indicative
Those monks that accept money are almost always fakes .	3	Indicative
Adam Auerbach served in an electronic-warfare unit and was returning from a military action when the helicopter in which he was flying crashed .	22	Indicative
The Twitter attention led to outreach from Google and Mohamed was invited to their Google Science Fair .	3	Indicative
Our execution team needs to get some guidance and planning for this picketing should it interfere with the progress of the work .	3	Indicative
From the outside Ichiban looks like it will be terrible .	4	Indicative
A report by the Center for Disease Control of interviews with AMI employees ( as well as detailed interviews by author Leonard Cole ) supports the conclusion that there were not one , but two , such mailings containing anthrax .	29	Indicative
Ever any madness in your family ? ' he asked , in a matter-of-fact tone .	9	Indicative
I used to e-mail Vince Kaminski about the advice on his article " The Challenge of Pricing and Risk Managing Electricity Derivatives " and he had mailed me the copy .	1	Indicative
It was a natural thing , but I never coined myself as ' The Mets Poet . '	9	Indicative
The train was crowded , and as the passengers started filling the ramp and walking toward him , they quickly became a mob .	9	Indicative
But that 's what I happen to be .	2	Indicative
Our new domain name is paulhastings.com .	4	Indicative
Survivors are being found all the time , including two children who lost their parents .	1	Indicative
In April — before the Swift boat veterans had said a word — Kerry said Bush “ has yet to explain to America whether or not , and tell the truth , about whether he showed up for duty . ”	35	Indicative
Removes lethargy .	0	Indicative
If you don't have a Facebook account , you can sign up for one in a few easy steps .	2	Indicative
and I was going to take charge of a two-penny-halfpenny river-steamboat with a penny whistle attached !	2	Indicative
EDIT : I love how she says it 's not callum but does n't deny it 's me .... i think we all know who she 's talking about ...	23	Indicative
Next day got moved into another room , on the same floor with other wedding guests .	2	Indicative
I am thinking 4 slides at the most .	1	Indicative
After you create an account , you can use Friendship Pages to see your interactions with any friend , all in one place .	7	Indicative
I decided it was time to grow up and made an appointment .	3	Indicative
This is the cage I have whhich is pretty much IMPOSSIBLE to escape from :	7	Indicative
All three of Mrs Weasley 's sons were taller than she was , but they cowered as her rage broke over them .	11	Indicative
Sunni Iraqis contend that elections are impossible to hold under occupation .	2	Indicative
But standards of living might have been raised even more if all of this innovative talent had been allocated to more fundamental research – or even to more applied research that could have led to new products .	31	Indicative
I am doing dirt work and hope to plant ST Augustine Grass by Friday before rain .	6	Indicative
Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under John 's name ( if so , to whom will the letter be sent ) ?	0	Indicative
They picked my car up in Yarmouth and towed to Bath for a great price .	8	Indicative
As its " comeback ' has continued , the official moniker is now the New American City as Cleveland has rightfully earned the reputation as a model of effective public-private partnership for urban planning .	5	Indicative
What followed the next day is considered by the governor and Dunn to be the pivotal moment of the energy crisis .	5	Indicative
I have a 10 gallon nano reef with 10 lbs of live fiji rock , and 10 lbs of live carribean sand .	1	Indicative
There is a risk that observers underestimate the time that Al Qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and development .	6	Indicative
Neil Bayley was the one to find this out , because of some domestic mishap or misunderstanding that made his arrival at the visitors ' stand very late .	2	Indicative
They have minor leaguers at second and short , and Brooks ca n't keep his mind on the game .	1	Indicative
Against all his expectations , it was a book he himself had written – Suicide Squeeze by William Wilson , the first of the Max Work novels .	11	Indicative
It was Joseph Goebbels who said that if you repeat a lie often enough , people will believe it .	9	Indicative
Have you tried using clockwork recovery ?	0	Indicative
From the moment you enter the restaurant , you know you are some place special .	4	Indicative
Then an engine man from the Balkans said , " In our village we nailed owls to the church door when we caught them . "	22	Indicative
Think internally , intuitively , not by words , of the meaning , as you 're repeating it .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Bloom Legal was really attentive to my problem , and Seth Bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue I was dealing with .	2	Indicative
Hearing is a dog ’s secondary sense , and I will discuss that in another blog entery .	1	Indicative
Bray laughed at Dando 's expression ;	1	Indicative
Many students went to Rutgers , including their top - ranked pharmacy program .	2	Indicative
Golden Gate Park , which is over four kilometers in length , offers a botanical garden , planetarium , Japanese garden and an aquarium .	5	Indicative
We informed Tana that we made the change in Global Counterparty to include , " a division of Cargill Incorporated " .	1	Indicative
At the heart of the conflict was the question of whether Kansas would enter the Union as a free state or slave state .	6	Indicative
The term of office of one of the Judges of the General Court appointed in accordance with paragraph 1 shall expire on 31 August 2007 .	19	Indicative
A dancing studio is equipped with mirrors for correcting your positioning and seeing what you 're doing accurately , and a barre for practicing . [ 1 ]	3	Indicative
When you copy an exterior line , the new line is located halfway between the line you copied and the nearest line parallel to the line you copied .	2	Indicative
To beat the heat , most people are busiest in the mornings .	7	Indicative
We attend LFTD and our children LOVE it !!	1	Indicative
Spreading democracy over the world , the Americans first fought rigged elections in Syria , but the old corruption continued despite all their power and money could do .	19	Indicative
It was something natural , that had its reason , that had a meaning .	1	Indicative
I 've said it to my wife .	1	Indicative
Pike 's concern is based on China 's development of a new medium - lift rocket , the Long March V , and the construction of a new space launch complex on Hainan Island in the South China Sea .	3	Indicative
In the time it takes me to explain she grasps and loses the words , grasps and loses phrases as they go past .	4	Indicative
Or they were n't eyewitnesses and are just lying .	6	Indicative
The South Shropshire Hills are far closer .	4	Indicative
These are Amendments Nos 22 , 23 , 37 and 38 .	1	Indicative
However , the news reports ( BBC etc. ) were very encouraging in that the authorities were reportedly making strenuous efforts to evacuate the population from near the coast and areas that are prone to flooding .	16	Indicative
It is next to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to Sacre Coeur which is excellent for shopping .	1	Indicative
The seeker has to find the snitch blindfolded , relying only on the coach 's instructions , while the game is still on .	2	Indicative
The center of transportation by BART and by bus is there , if one wants to branch out .	9	Indicative
The attention is the main point made in this study , since it is fundamental to the learning process and be recurring complaint among parents and teachers in schools .	2	Indicative
It made me feel good to see people work so hard to take care of others belongings .	3	Indicative
They are adorable they have beautiful colors and personality .	4	Indicative
We are OK to execute this form .	1	Indicative
This makes the Dursleys sound almost human .	1	Indicative
i wan na meet girls from san francisco i am from mexico ?	9	Indicative
Some of the corporate also get cheap air tickets because they tie up with some of the airlines for a certain period based on the discount and services they get from the airlines .	5	Indicative
The Island is new to tourism , so if you are looking for a luxurious vacation this is not the right destination .	17	Indicative
Northern Algeria is in the temperate zone and enjoys a mild , Mediterranean climate .	2	Indicative
Our company is a high end designer handbag and fashion accessories company , thus we are certainly a niche market .	15	Indicative
They stopped somewhere to give a man a lift ; he was caught in the lights , hat in hand ; only his clean white shirt had shown on the dark road .	11	Indicative
Touching deep into the idea is what builds intuition - it is a synthetic process .	7	Indicative
I have a friend that has to get rid of one of her cats because of allergies , he is the youngest at 3 years old black , long hair , incredibly friendly .	1	Indicative
My wife and I avoided doing some fairly simple electrical re-wiring in our home for several years due to overall hassle and cost involved .	4	Indicative
John somehow obtained Polish seaman 's papers , and for several years he worked in the engine rooms of German freighters .	13	Indicative
I told him I told you to call him back and at least hear what he has to say .	4	Indicative
These countries ' global economic and financial significance has grown rapidly , yet they have relatively little representation at the Fund .	8	Indicative
Another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time , meaning users can not retrieve them and read them later ( as they can with e-mail ) .	4	Indicative
Behind this raw matter one of the reclaimed , the product of the new forces at work , strolled despondently , carrying a rifle by its middle .	18	Indicative
Is Fujairah a nice place to live in ?	0	Indicative
The food was excellent and the service was terrific .	2	Indicative
The islands are volcanic in origin and have a unique and sensitive habitat that supports many rare and endangered species .	7	Indicative
The Incas treated the crop as sacred and referred to quinoa as " chisaya mama " or " mother of all grains . " [ 1 ]	8	Indicative
President Vladimir Putin said Russia is will have new nuclear weapons that other countries do not and will not have .	3	Indicative
Yeah , I thought that the holding his mouth thing sounded wrong .	3	Indicative
The following illustration shows the data outline for the Orders page .	3	Indicative
Look forward to drinking a few beers .	0	Indicative
( Marrying a Canadian is not enough - that does n't count for at least two years . )	9	Indicative
Yahoo! Founders Jerry Yang and David Filo selected the name because they considered themselves yahoos ...	7	Indicative
In the 1960s , a group shooting a movie in the Wyoming park reportedly imported some captive wolves , then released them when their shooting was done .	20	Indicative
After a couple of weeks I got tired of them .	6	Indicative
Those who are not assigned an associate may also allocate points ( a max of 150 ) at the meeting based on contribution to your areas for the first review period .	2	Indicative
Here is what I do now and it really helps ....	9	Indicative
Who takes the decisions , do it with less ideology .	5	Indicative
Yes , I suppose I wo n't know my way around when I get into town .	3	Indicative
They are also quick at getting your order out to you .	1	Indicative
My kid is making wonderful grades and has reassured me she will graduate within the four year period .	7	Indicative
He tried to tell me it was when I told asked him if he knew what fps stood for and he had no clue .	17	Indicative
Tropical vegetation includes the pandanus or screw pine , the casuarina , and the mulberry tree , the bark of which is used to make tapa cloth .	7	Indicative
In short , China has the American economy by the throat .	4	Indicative
Very briefly , I would like to thank the various Members for their interventions and to tell you that safety is one of the Commission 's priorities in the field of transport .	4	Indicative
The difference is when the cat hisses , that means they are annoyed and they want the other cat to go away .	9	Indicative
Mississippi media earlier reported 54 people killed in the state .	3	Indicative
pls print .	1	Imperative-Jussive
" Large as Balzac is , he is all of one piece and he hangs perfectly together .	4	Indicative
Not once did I feel listened to like they actually cared about what I wanted , all they were interested in was me signing a contract right then and there .	14	Indicative
I prefer darker colors because I can see their eggs , more easily and the fish look better next to them .	1	Indicative
If you have to wait , due to financial reasons , then wait .	12	Imperative-Jussive
We live in the flicker – may it last as long as the old earth keeps rolling !	1	Indicative
I said Yep , had that truck longer than I have had most of my women .	4	Indicative
I brought a car in to have the " check engine " light diagnosed back in March of 2010 .	1	Indicative
There was bread and butter , more beer , knives and forks , salt and pepper , napkins , and omelettes , two of them , oozing on white plates .	1	Indicative
I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once , you ca n't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .	4	Indicative
Let me know if you have any questions .	5	Indicative
The straps wear out fastest around the adjusters over the course of numerous wash and dry cycles ( not to mention being out in the elements if they are work clothes ) .	28	Indicative
This situation may reflect organisational rather than structural situations and an effort to balance it is currently under way .	15	Indicative
Overalls have more pockets than pants .	1	Indicative
Now get 6 U.S. $ 1.00 bills and place ONE inside of EACH of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope ( to prevent thievery ) .	1	Imperative-Jussive
Mr President , our committee views these issues very differently and , to start , I will speak from the point of view of research .	5	Indicative
At the baggage carousel I see my youthful Hasid again and we take a final look at each other .	5	Indicative
They put the story into proper literary form – in Spanish – and then turned the manuscript over to Samson Carrasco , the bachelor from Salamanca , who proceeded to translate it into Arabic .	14	Indicative
Not long ago he was divorced from the actress , Gloria Holden , but carried the torch after the marital rift .	4	Indicative
Twinkle Twinkle lazy star Kitna soyega uthja yaar , up above the world so high , sun has risen in the sky , uthke jaldi pee le chai , then call me up and say " HI "	17	Indicative
The metal rail of the steps wheeled against the plane was icy-wet to his palm and in the streaming rain he did not smell the Aegean or thyme , as he had remembered from other journeys to Africa .	21	Indicative
They shall communicate those measures to the Commission by the date of accession or , where later , by the time limit provided for in this Protocol .	1	Indicative
Civil Defense Authority director General Suleiman al-Amr , in remarks to al-Ikhbariya television , said " All those who were wounded and the dead have been taken to hospital . There are no casualties left at the location . "	14	Indicative
You 'd think they would do a good job but they do n't care unless they are getting paid full price .	16	Indicative
Some of the younger kids that work there are a bit sub par , but if you wait for Nick ... you 'll be good .	6	Indicative
Personally I recommend you take your money elsewhere	2	Indicative
He is grieving for his son .	1	Indicative
But the depth and persistence of the ongoing crisis have exposed the euro 's fundamental fragilities , and should serve as a warning that today 's technocratic Band - Aids may not hold in the face of another shock .	30	Indicative
You can also provide the schema to other businesses and applications so that they know how they should structure any data they provide to you and they , in turn , can provide their schema to you .	22	Indicative
I left with a case of BRAWLER !!!! !	1	Indicative
It 's so much fun !	1	Indicative
Stardust @ home is a highly distributed project using a " Virtual Microscope " that is written in html and javascript and runs on most browsers — no downloads are required .	3	Indicative
being accepted with such immediate casual friendliness by everyone was rather like being forced to learn a foreign language by finding oneself alone among people who spoke nothing else :	9	Indicative
Today , it is the primary safety law affecting virtually all ships , regardless of country of registration .	3	Indicative
Limit them to one room with easy to clean flooring .	0	Imperative-Jussive
There are groups which express the symmetry of some structures .	4	Indicative
From the left column menu , click Security .	6	Imperative-Jussive
According to a new study by the economists Robert Shapiro and Aparna Mathur , if India achieved Chinese levels of IP protection , its annual FDI inflows would increase by 33 % annually .	16	Indicative
Some of the corporate also get cheap air tickets because they tie up with some of the airlines for a certain period based on the discount and services they get from the airlines .	29	Indicative
Try googling it or type it into youtube you might get lucky .	0	Imperative-Jussive
I am a new patient .	1	Indicative
They said it was " plugs and wires " and quoted me $ 330 to do the work , including parts .	3	Indicative
As of 2005 , the new Member States became active in organising Pericles actions .	8	Indicative
If you are just applying for a birth certificate for the first time , it s simple to do it over the computer .	2	Indicative
i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex female and the silkie females would make ?	10	Indicative
I called the " 207 " number and listened to the same recording loop 3 times before I gave up .	8	Indicative
" No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked .	8	Indicative
The vet said it was gastroenteritis and gave him fluids under his skin , an injection of nausea medication along with some take home antibiotics .	2	Indicative
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m. , Friday , May 4th	1	Imperative-Jussive
He said the main aim of the subpoenas will be to determine whether collusion occurred to " fix " prices , which would violate federal trade laws .	14	Indicative
Security measures are strict on flights to Israel , the bags are searched , the men are frisked , and the women have an electronic hoop passed over them , fore-and-aft .	2	Indicative
Physicists know that subatomic phenomena can manifest themselves as both particles and waves ;	5	Indicative
They have a BLAST so the sooner they get there , the sooner they can have fun .	8	Indicative
I was just a boy with muddy shoes .	1	Indicative
It was not so long after Civil Rights laws against discrimination started to have an impact .	1	Indicative
In the lower part , there are three palm trees overlooking the sea , which represent the love that the people of this Island have for their land .	24	Indicative
Inch by inch , the trunk slid through the window .	6	Indicative
Here is the link to the latest commercial laptops on the market , I will follow up with the consumer models .	1	Indicative
Where these adaptations are adopted after accession they may be applied as from the date of accession .	3	Indicative
As a yoga studio , I 'm sure you 're all aware that all actions generate karma …	6	Indicative
The Deseret News observed that the hashtag on Twitter , #IStandWithAhmed , had become an international phenomenon .	12	Indicative
I was amazed at the spiel they delivered .	1	Indicative
If you must use them , be vigilant and be ready to push , if you can go elsewhere then I would .	6	Imperative-Jussive
We both kept trying to find something we liked .	2	Indicative
Nobody likes the Parisians , even then Parisians do n't like Parisians .	1	Indicative
He had kept up , since he finally left Africa ten years ago , a close contact with Adamson Mweta and the other leaders of the African independence movement .	1	Indicative
Even the mainland school groups that fly there for school camps , and choose to stay at Kopinga Marae [ 1 ] get value for money by chartering a flight one way .	22	Indicative
And , third , Marx was fixated on the labor - theory of value .	5	Indicative
The long answer is a bit more complicated .	3	Indicative
Harlan provides great service .	1	Indicative
Finally , the amendment tabled by the rapporteur is perfectly logical and I can , therefore , give it my wholehearted support .	13	Indicative
The proposed period for extension is six years and the reference amount unchanged at one million euro per year .	12	Indicative
Delhi police chief K K Paul named the man as Tariq Ahmed Dar , and said police were hunting for four accomplices .	6	Indicative
The Brazil trade deal included funding for a joint oil - drilling and pipeline programme at a cost that experts said would add up to three times the cost of simply buying oil on the market .	20	Indicative
A mid-afternoon " fire drill " was disruptive , putting everyone out of the hotel .	6	Indicative
" Realism is nothing if not urban " , notes critic Peter Brooks ;	9	Indicative
Every now and then , while dinner was awaited , their conversation was backed by intensely sociable sounds – pitched talk – let in from the kitchen as the servant went in and out , laying the table .	7	Indicative
I am thinking about getting a rabbit as a pet , but my parents said that it has to stay outside .	14	Indicative
Delhi police chief K K Paul named the man as Tariq Ahmed Dar , and said police were hunting for four accomplices .	15	Indicative
Hi I ´m from Brazil and I want to know of book 06 .	2	Indicative
And in a way she did know : because it was for them a code so deeply accepted that it had never been discussed ...	10	Indicative
I do n’t dream about Renata , although when the dreams wake me up , it ’s thinking about Renata that keeps me awake .	21	Indicative
I have been extremely pleased with the signs and pop - up banners she has supplied to me over the years - a truly first class family business run by Tina and her husband Chris .	1	Indicative
The world was outside of him , around him , before him , and the speed with which it kept changing made it impossible for him to dwell on any one thing for very long .	21	Indicative
Get your English in order before writing here again please .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Schedule your first appointment online !	0	Imperative-Jussive
1 . The pricing that we have given CRRA is specific to FuelCell Energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer ( i.e. , ONSI would be a lot more money ) .	9	Indicative
There 's a misconception in this industry .	1	Indicative
Few records of Shakespeare 's private life survive , and there has been considerable speculation about such matters as his physical appearance , sexuality , religious beliefs , and whether the works attributed to him were written by others .	35	Indicative
Hopless service , at the time of booking my car a lot was promised but delivered not even one tenth of what was promised .	22	Indicative
They are simply afraid and hate modernity .	5	Indicative
That 's the theme of my talk .	1	Indicative
It 's complicated , I 'm afraid . Very complicated .	1	Indicative
could you also CC me the first few times you send it ?	10	Indicative
Fresh Design Studio helped jump - start my own business by providing affordable and effective marketing materials : logo , flyers , posters ad design , and more .	3	Indicative
Do n’t use a joke until you ’re completely comfortable with it .	7	Indicative
If you have n't heard , SoCal 's announced their abandoning windows for OFOs .	2	Indicative
I am speaking for the first time in this plenary part - session , so this is quite exciting for me , a little like first love , although that did last longer than two minutes .	30	Indicative
My question relates to something that will come up on Thursday and which I will then raise again .	6	Indicative
He stood up , went into the kitchen , and made another bowl of cornflakes .	1	Indicative
Of course the paper written by Mr Eichelberger and his Egyptian collaborators states that the purpose of the Nasser seizure of power was " to solve the pressing social and political problems which made the revolution necessary . "	33	Indicative
As undergoing a pilgrimage to Mecca is a mandatory religious duty for all Muslims who physically and financially can , millions of pilgrims arrive in Mecca each year for the Hajj .	23	Indicative
In addition , could you look over the list below to see if there are any additional employees in your group that spent time on ECP , so we can ensure we bill all of our used resources to ECP .	22	Indicative
I 'd go if I were you , or she 'll tell everyone in London you were buttering up to the Africans and did n't want to see them .	16	Indicative
" We are seeing many , many countries and especially large new emitters like Brazil , South Africa , India and China stepping up to the plate in terms of playing a role in reducing emissions , " said Guilbeault .	38	Indicative
Do you feel safer ?	0	Indicative
Whether that unity endures will depend on how Europe responds .	3	Indicative
Other " guidelines " exist in limited form for the remote offices in Singapore and Australia .	4	Indicative
I lived there for 8 months .	1	Indicative
Broad , I say , is 14th street and I am 3 blocks west of broad and one south of walnut .	5	Indicative
Mohammed allegedly was hiding in the home of the Pakistani bacteriologist Dr. Abdul Qadoos Khan .	2	Indicative
Then , the more power they gave to Linda , the worse the place got .	14	Indicative
As they approached it , they saw to their surprise a large crowd jostling outside the doors , trying to get in .	2	Indicative
Mr President , Commissioner , I should first like to congratulate Mr Koch on his reports which , though technical , are nonetheless of very great significance for safety .	21	Indicative
Then he rounded on Harry .	2	Indicative
This report is very good and our Group supports it .	8	Indicative
He stressed , however , that NASA would not follow this week 's Chinese mission through formal channels .	1	Indicative
Forced baptism was contrary to the law of the Catholic Church , and theoretically anybody who had been forcibly baptized could legally return to Judaism .	16	Indicative
Have they expressed any interest in negotiating ?	0	Indicative
The staff and the Principal are rediculous , they do n't listen to any input , and they make up rediculous rules ( They banned backpacks , because a teacher TRIPPED OVER a student 's ) .	9	Indicative
May seem a little silly , but , taking a long ride on the Metra system or the " L " system is a great way to see the city and sites without spending a fortune .	22	Indicative
We have a Full Color Catalog and Wholesale Price List ready to mail to you today !	1	Indicative
If anyone is interested in listening to this song , and in offering their opinion , whether it be positive or negative , I 'd appreciate it .	2	Indicative
Do n't feed them broccoli , cauliflower , garlic , onions , head lettuce .... they are all too difficult for them to digest .	0	Imperative-Jussive
You want your dog to admire you as his pack leader , not fear you .	1	Indicative
That he did n’t show up for duty in Alabama ?	2	Indicative
Black rags were wound round their loins , and the short ends behind wagged to and fro like tails .	13	Indicative
I was playing a video game that has a m 16 Vietnam model , and in the game it 's 3 - shot burst .	7	Indicative
Phailin 's winds will rapidly weaken as it pushes inland .	8	Indicative
$ 59,339 - Amount the Bush campaign reimbursed Enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign .	7	Indicative
The greeter said there was about 15 minutes waiting .	4	Indicative
i m not worried about damaging the surface my tank is on because i can prop it up off the surface anyway .	1	Indicative
I honestly have no idea what to expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of the embassies costs by the minute - which I really do n't have the money for .	2	Indicative
The Union of Rationalist Atheists and Agnostics ( UAAR ) has launched a petition which now has more than 11,000 signatures , asking the government to respect and execute the sentence of the Supreme Court .	16	Indicative
The election elects 70 members of the Legislative Council .	2	Indicative
But I was not pleased to read the description in the catalog : " No good in a bed , but fine against a wall . "	2	Indicative
It has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time , the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .	1	Indicative
But realizing this potential requires improving the business climate across the economy as a whole and within individual sectors – particularly by addressing the endemic corruption and weak rule of law that are deterring foreign and domestic investors alike .	4	Indicative
Just pray that you have not ever given this criminal enough information for your identity to be stolen - your full name , birthdate , home address , etc or that you were not conned into sending money .	4	Indicative
TRY THIS PLACE - YOU 'LL LOVE IT .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University in New York ( 1910 ) , St. Andrews University in Scotland ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne in Paris ( 1927 ) .	1	Indicative
I enjoyed your presentation , and meeting you briefly afterwards , at the SIAM Workshop last Friday .	1	Indicative
I use GIMP and It s not cutting it , looks terrible .	5	Indicative
Parties , attached is the promised ruling that provides procedural guidance for the hearings on 12/27 and 12/28 .	3	Indicative
Send it now , add your own name to the list and you 're in business !!!	0	Imperative-Jussive
They were by no means the only ones making their way to the bookshop .	1	Indicative
Seeking common ground with my wife ( a laudable desire ) , he tells her that he too is Rumanian by origin .	13	Indicative
He is in my room , but there are so many things inside there , I du n no what to do .	1	Indicative
The story had brillant battle scenes , lovable heroes and villians , a compelling story line , and it left me dying for the next part of the series :) go to taleofterra.com to learn more aboout it	2	Indicative
So they are still wearing them some four thousand years later .	2	Indicative
The rain had stopped now , and although the sky was still gray , far to the west Quinn could see a tiny shift of light seeping through the clouds .	2	Indicative
Under the release of physical contact , he said to Mweta , I do n't know what we 're talking about , and Mweta said , You ... I told you we expect you back , now .	13	Indicative
Decide volunteering is not your thing and give them back !	0	Imperative-Jussive
Meats are kept VERY cold , seafood smells fresh and the serving bar is VERY clean .	7	Indicative
Russia also announced that it was seeking and building the best nukes the world ’s ever seen .	14	Indicative
Islamabad accuses New Delhi of using its consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train Balochi insurgents who are active in Pakistani Balochistan .	1	Indicative
As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now .	24	Indicative
In late September 2001 , it was announced that the President was seeking a blanket waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in connection with pursuing the militant islamists .	11	Indicative
In the immortal words of Marilyn Monroe , " If you can make a woman laugh , you can make her do anything " ( do n't worry , ladies — the same is true for men ! )	33	Indicative
Remember that what you do to yourself affects me and everybody else , remember that what you do to me and anyone else shapes your destiny .	13	Imperative-Jussive
Ok , calm down , it 's not like he 's some stranger that came up and groped me lol .	10	Indicative
Before the phones went , I was told [ my family in Biloxi ] had lost their roof , barn , 2 oak trees and many pines and they were letting in water	29	Indicative
Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosencreutz , which suggests ( and most people who ’ve heard of it suppose ) that the wedding is Christian ’s .	24	Indicative
But now that they are part of a chain , service has slipped .	4	Indicative
Adolf Hitler even held an exhibition of ' degenerate art ' in 1937 , while curating a parallel show of ' Aryan ' art across the street .	3	Indicative
Most people have n't gone to work the last few days , although it seems that the rest of Baghdad is ' normal ' ( if you can define what normal is ) .	20	Indicative
But Johnson was so obtuse he did n’t understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter .	2	Indicative
I well remember what intelligent , informed people were saying in the last years of the Weimar Republic , what they told one another in the first days after Hindenburg had brought in Hitler .	30	Indicative
Karim - this 's likely the explanation to your other question ...	3	Indicative
Harry stood in the kitchen , clutching the mop for support as Uncle Vernon advanced on him , a demonic glint in his tiny eyes .	1	Indicative
And then when you do it in an asymptotic way is like you do n't look at the small details .	10	Indicative
The Onion has a different creative process where we are not trying to hit everything in the 24 hours and on the same notes .	9	Indicative
I do n't know why I chose her ...	1	Indicative
One compelling argument for reintroduction was the wolf acts as a keystone predator , an animal that affects the populations , behavior and ecology of a wide variety of species within its range .	8	Indicative
It was a great deal -- we paid a certain amount per person , and my husband and I chose 4 types of pizza and the servers brought out as much as we wanted .	27	Indicative
We had a large party , about fifty people or so , and yet everything was served quickly and we all had a wonderful time .	21	Indicative
After changing the security mode , it is strongly recommended that the SA password be changed by using the Set Login Password command ( on the Tools menu , point to Security ) .	29	Imperative-Jussive
“ In 1972 , there was an enormous glut of pilots , ” Campenni says .	5	Indicative
Last month , Katrina devastated refineries in Louisiana and Mississippi and sent prices to a record high of 70.85 dollars a barrel .	4	Indicative
Lamarr 's earliest inventions include an improved traffic stoplight and a tablet that would dissolve in water to create a carbonated drink .	4	Indicative
He then returned to Kirriemuir .	2	Indicative
His father , born Bernard - François , was one of eleven children from a poor family in Tarn , a region in the south of France .	8	Indicative
He retraced his path along 107th Street , turned left on Broadway , and began walking uptown , looking for a suitable place to eat .	8	Indicative
Madam President , I should like to draw your attention to a case in which this Parliament has consistently shown an interest .	4	Indicative
Ironically he almost burst out laughing and it was all he could do to keep his mirth down to a barely controlled smirk .	8	Indicative
Zacarias Moussaoui , who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrested , stayed at Sufaat 's condominium in 2000 when he was trying to arrange for flight lessons in Malaysia .	23	Indicative
I 'm hearing some pretty depressing stuff from the people I know at ENE .	11	Indicative
When I get my hair done there , they use enough hairstyling products while it does not ruin your hair .	9	Indicative
Warm and sunny winter weather also ensured a thriving tourism industry , and encouraged many Easterners and Midwesterners to relocate to Phoenix .	6	Indicative
It 's not because of what one said .	7	Indicative
In the empty immensity of earth , sky , and water , there she was , incomprehensible , firing into a continent .	14	Indicative
Other than that the hotel is in a good location and the breakfast is great	5	Indicative
It varie$ company to company .	1	Indicative
Thank you very much .	0	Indicative
The Sunni AMS told Iraqis , " You sinned when you participated with occupation forces in the assault on Najaf , and beware lest you repeat this same sin in Fallujah .	22	Imperative-Jussive
Go ahead , send in your application .	0	Imperative-Jussive
It 's about time we got together .	5	Indicative
Please respond to ekrapels@esaibos.com	1	Imperative-Jussive
He took a deep breath , scattered the powder into the flames and stepped forward ; the fire felt like a warm breeze ; he opened his mouth and immediately swallowed a lot of hot ash .	6	Indicative
If they do n't like it , it 'll only be two days , remember ?	2	Indicative
They were accomdating with my scheduled and work with my insurance to get payment for the surgery .	1	Indicative
" Wei has given some virtuoso performances with brush and ink , often incorporating several different techniques into a single work , " said Gordon S. Barrass , curator of the exhibition .	23	Indicative
We were familiar with Search Engine Optimization strategies , but new nothing about Social Media - we just heard that it was the next big thing .	10	Indicative
The last time I did that I was suggested to buy oblivion when I told them I was looking for a fps .	7	Indicative
They were going to run an over-sea empire , and make no end of coin by trade .	1	Indicative
And what was the verse that we have ?	7	Indicative
Zarqawi is a Jordanian , and his Monotheism and Holy War group in Afghanistan probably had a distinctive coloration as mainly Jordanian , Palestinian and Syrian .	1	Indicative
What we are proposing specifically is a unified capital tax , which would make it possible to boost the funds used to support the harmonisation of social protection systems and the reduction of working hours at European level .	5	Indicative
between December and April few people visit and many tour companies and restaurants close down .	6	Indicative
Bearded dragons are sight hunters , they need to see the food move to trigger a feeding response , especially when they are babies .	2	Indicative
It is a setback for the war on terror .	1	Indicative
Drink from me if you can ; wash , if you like ; trouble my waters if you dare .	18	Indicative
Provided me with warm blanket and has soft music playing .	6	Indicative
After the alert condition had long since returned to yellow , Zawahiri in late February issued another audiotape .	4	Indicative
Take up as much space as you can to dance until everyone is staring at you . [ 3 ]	12	Indicative
It is also the largest .	1	Indicative
The New York City skyline and 4th of July fireworks are spectacular over the river .	10	Indicative
The Washington Monthly 's Who 's Who of Neocons in Iraq helps explain the extreme incompetence and possibly double - dealing of many in the CPA .	5	Indicative
There he is , she said .	2	Indicative
Let me know what you think of this property .	5	Indicative
I understand that it is a competitive process , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability .	1	Indicative
So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)	25	Indicative
How do people look at and experience art ?	3	Indicative
So you want to flirt with a guy or gal on MSN , AIM , Facebook Chat , or any other instant messaging service and you do n't want to look like a creep ?	26	Indicative
The theatre is in an old brick warehouse , which is a block away from the Flying Squirrels stadium .	2	Indicative
The authentic text is ' under certain conditions ' .	3	Indicative
She asked me to bring the original piece back and I told her I had to use it on the job .	11	Indicative
Yes I 've had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the door so yes a plastic cage will be good	20	Indicative
Then an engine man from the Balkans said , " In our village we nailed owls to the church door when we caught them . "	14	Indicative
Obviously they had a full beverage list including alcohol for adults who wanted it .	12	Indicative
Please advise when you can meet to discuss issues related to your area .	1	Imperative-Jussive
We have seen the gap between rich and poor widen .	9	Indicative
And I think I remember , a bunch of guys called because of that also .	4	Indicative
Foz on the Brazilian side is the larger town , however both are geared up to cater for visitors to the Waterfalls and National Parks , and so offer a range of accommodation for all budgets .	5	Indicative
Do n't take that deal out until I look at it .	0	Indicative
Unfortunately for them , the general has decided to take seriously Colin Powell 's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the Indians made conciliatory gestures toward Islamabad .	25	Indicative
So my advice is that NEVER TRUST THIS DEALER .	3	Indicative
Politicians profess an Oath to this nation but once in office pursue their party agenda and reward their voters .	11	Indicative
However , now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $ 6,000 + despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do , I feel I have to voice my opinion .	25	Indicative
In my experience the food has been excellent ( for the most part ) .	5	Indicative
The 1616 edition of Ben Jonson 's Works names him on the cast lists for Every Man In His Humour ( 1598 ) and Sejanus His Fall ( 1603 ) .	8	Indicative
neuroscientists have examined the neurobiological underpinnings of discrimination [ 7 – 9 ] ;	1	Indicative
Shakespeare 's work has made a lasting impression on later theatre and literature .	3	Indicative
Balzac was buried at the Cimetière du Père Lachaise in Paris .	1	Indicative
Thirdly , just put your hand in his cge ans leave it their .	10	Imperative-Jussive
The islands lie 860 km east of Christchurch , in the middle of the " Roaring Forties " .	2	Indicative
We will change this programme so that the driving force behind it is the future and innovation .	12	Indicative
Investors are selling out of government bonds , with U.S. and Australian bonds feeling the biggest impact .	1	Indicative
After talking with Professors Titman , Ronn , Brown and Jemison , I was sure that the School was the right place to get the education I was looking for .	13	Indicative
Mr Weasley liked Harry to sit next to him at the dinner table so that he could bombard him with questions about life with Muggles , asking him to explain how things like plugs and the postal service worked .	2	Indicative
He knew that they never left the farm ; instead , the world came to them in the shape of weekend picnickers and driveby tourists .	1	Indicative
In her report , Mrs Flautre also drew attention to an area where coordination is sorely lacking , yet desperately needed .	14	Indicative
The latest indications are that the Republicans will not be so enticed .	3	Indicative
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed , the price was Non-Bondad .	2	Indicative
He is waiting ! '	1	Indicative
If you want to hear how much ugliness there is – yes .	9	Indicative
That concludes Parliament 's agenda .	1	Indicative
There was certainly more despair in Saddam 's Iraq than in Paul Bremmer 's Iraq , and no one exploded himself .	1	Indicative
And a bunch of them had called and they said , " Wow . "	9	Indicative
Tulsa has an extensive interconnected paved bike trail system .	1	Indicative
This is more true for real-life situations than it is online , but this mantra has some truth in the world of IM flirting as well .	15	Indicative
Can we visit about what went on with Ursula at the PRC meeting when you catch up ?	15	Indicative
When annoyed at meal-times by the constant quarrels of the white men about precedence , he ordered an immense round table to be made , for which a special house had to be built .	16	Indicative
Can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am ( Houston ) which is 11 am ( Sao Paulo ) on Friday , Sept. 17 ?	13	Indicative
Not everyone wants to bring packed lunch .	2	Indicative
She gave a small , self-questioning shrug , admitting the glibness of another kind of daily talk in another time .	1	Indicative
the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open - ended downside , loses $ 50 million , and then claims that it was not a valid contract .	4	Indicative
The European Union put a new and revised banana regime in place on 1 January 1999 .	3	Indicative
If you do n't mind mixed flavors , you can just skip this step altogether .	2	Indicative
And then in 2010 we just ... I do n't know what happened .	12	Indicative
And this is what America , bubbling with political illusions , is up against .	2	Indicative
The Mets bring the corners in for a force at home , or maybe they can get the double play if it 's hit up the middle .	22	Indicative
Are whole offices ( eg Tokyo ) unreachable or is it only those who have home offices ?	14	Indicative
I have been going to the Wildwood , NJ for over 30 years for summer vacations and always call the Madrid first .	1	Indicative
And if you have n't heard by now , the roster of suspected terrorists has not a Tom , Dick or Harry among them :	14	Indicative
Fred , who had finished his own list , peered over at Harry 's .	9	Indicative
Iran is suspected by many nations of working towards the development of nuclear weapons , but even this justification has been tossed into a cocked hat .	1	Indicative
But Johnson was so obtuse he did n’t understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter .	15	Indicative
I 'm under 21 + and looking for a nice place to take my boyfriend out for dinner where they play music and there is a dance floor .	1	Indicative
According to senior counter terrorism officials , both here and abroad , among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it .	19	Indicative
John Aubrey reported that Shakespeare had been a country schoolmaster .	5	Indicative
The last programming exercise for the pre - accession assistance referred to in paragraph 1 shall take place in the last year preceding accession .	10	Indicative
I hope you have a good flight back to home .	1	Indicative
Recently she has been peeing A LOT .	2	Indicative
They need to update the locker rooms ASAP .	1	Indicative
The final challenge concerns a wide array of issues that require Regulation of rapidly evolving technologies by governments that do not necessarily have the competence or resources to do so effectively .	10	Indicative
PLEASE HELP !!!!!!!!!!!	1	Imperative-Jussive
Harry explained all about Dobby and the Dursleys .	1	Indicative
What you get is a $ 13 / day charge to access the internet through a slow 512 / 512 kb / s that you can only use to check email etc ( Read : No downloading ) .	33	Imperative-Jussive
Is it true that Facebook is going to charge to use the site ?	5	Indicative
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to take part in the government of his country , directly or through freely chosen representatives .	4	Indicative
Do n't waste your money on the jukebox	0	Imperative-Jussive
Provided me with warm blanket and has soft music playing .	0	Indicative
To this end , Europe as a whole , and each Member State individually , will have to make optimum use of all available resources and capacities , including the Structural Funds .	15	Indicative
I think a test like this one is much needed .	1	Indicative
If you still do n't enjoy the kittens , see what other opportunities are available .	9	Imperative-Jussive
The term of office of the other Judge shall expire on 31 August 2010 .	8	Indicative
On the shores of the Mediterranean , it is hard to imagine that in Lapland temperatures can fall considerably lower than that .	8	Indicative
It hurt very little , felt more like pressure than pain .	1	Indicative
If you choose to edit the connection file , remember that all other pages that use the connection file will also be affected by the changes you make .	2	Indicative
Why is the city called Miramar ?	1	Indicative
I see you re still recovering from the accident .	1	Indicative
They recently surprised me a larger order .	2	Indicative
He was stand-offish with the other agents , and they on their side said he was the manager 's spy upon them .	13	Indicative
She said quietly , We certainly did n't think we 'd be the proprietors of the Silver Rhino .	1	Indicative
I have purchased over 15 vehicles ( cars , rvs , and boats ) in my lifetime and I have to say the experience with Michael and Barrett Motor Cars of San Antonio was one of the best .	1	Indicative
I am sending you some info that I have passed along regarding the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefit .	8	Indicative
Once he had taken the leap into that name , he had stopped thinking about Auster himself .	11	Indicative
It 's become a guardian of morality -- not church morality ; real morality .	1	Indicative
When you take a warm shower and build up steam , his cage will collect water , the bedding will absorb much of it , and will not be able to absorb the urine quite as it should .	2	Indicative
North of Naples they had bad weather and engine trouble , but they reached their harbor and anchored near two Japanese ships .	4	Indicative
The Commission set out the basic ideas for the protection of the euro in a Communication it published as early as 1998 [ 1 ] .	2	Indicative
So I kept reading and then I saw the dates , it was from mid day Friday and arriving home mid day monday . :(	7	Indicative
Edit was the best massage therapist I 've ever had and I would HIGHLY recommend her !	1	Indicative
This insurance co. Is a joke !!!	3	Indicative
I 'm sure it 's terribly good , keeps the mind flexible .	8	Indicative
Do I need to cross reference the deals in my model to the deals in the system or did you already do that ?	18	Indicative
Linda Robertson says they should be charged to Jim Steffes ' cost center , etc .	2	Indicative
I highly recommend Bay View if you are looking for Accommodation in Camps Bay .	7	Indicative
In the end , they are actually successful .	5	Indicative
Do you have a Facebook Page ?	0	Imperative-Jussive
however , in the study by Hein and colleagues it was found that children responded more or less frequently based on factors such as stimuli type .	14	Indicative
You do not have to claim that the holocaust never happened , and that the Jewish temple in Jerusalem never existed .	10	Indicative
Call to discuss the response to the Trustee 's settlement offer .	0	Imperative-Jussive
The real threat to the Andaman Islands is the steady building - up of ports and conduits that serve the Tamil Tigers and a host of less - strong militant groups .	7	Indicative
Myself and my fiance 's identity was stolen from the office staff .	6	Indicative
She even went so far as to say " You r calling about one board ? "	2	Indicative
We look to it to challenge the UK Government , to ensure that the private sector , which surely must be providing the major impetus for Structural Funds expenditure , is involved in the planning stage .	19	Indicative
Run do n't walk .	3	Imperative-Jussive
This chef knows what he is doing .	2	Indicative
I 've had to pester this new guy several times to ask when my table will arrive .	1	Indicative
Critic Richard Lehan says that " Balzac was the bridge between the comic realism of Dickens and the naturalism of Zola . "	3	Indicative
We always took ours to dinner and discussed what things we felt we ' had ' to do and which ones we felt like skipping in lieu of just chilling .	20	Indicative
I have wifi at my house , but that s just at my house ... is there any way i can buy some card to make the ipod itself have wifi ?	1	Indicative
$ 205 m - Amount Enron CEO Kenneth Lay earned from stock option profits over a four - year period .	9	Indicative
As soon as the official party photos were released , social media lit up with comments — and they were less than favourable .	12	Indicative
If you check RecWarehouse.com , they do n't list this as a location .	6	Indicative
The Pakistani press reported that she was nabbed in Karachi after being spotted at the airport in late March or early April 2003 .	6	Indicative
Adam Auerbach served in an electronic-warfare unit and was returning from a military action when the helicopter in which he was flying crashed .	8	Indicative
It did not contain birthday greetings .	1	Indicative
When he finished , Balzac went to Villeparisis and read the entire work to his family ;	2	Indicative
I just need to talk to an another american who has gone to the UK before so that I know what expect when arriving at the airport and with going through visa process and everything .	10	Indicative
As most of them have few technical skills , and the Andamans have little demand for them in any case , they turn to smuggling and other unlawful activities .	12	Indicative
I spoke to Bruce Garcey at NiMo regarding their RFP .	1	Indicative
I assume from your message you are OK with this and they can get it nailed down ?	1	Indicative
1 . Here 's a site that lists world cruises including prices .	7	Indicative
I was playing a video game that has a m 16 Vietnam model , and in the game it 's 3 - shot burst .	1	Indicative
I use GIMP and It s not cutting it , looks terrible .	1	Indicative
I hope I can return the favor in the future !	1	Indicative
If you are in Philly you have to come check this place out !	2	Indicative
it 's got the character of the miners ' pub it was , but it 's very handy for the new government offices , not too overawing , so you get quite a few Africans coming in .	2	Indicative
I would recommend that you get two parakeets .	5	Indicative
It seems perfectly possible to me that he dictated the story to someone else – namely , to the barber and the priest , Don Quixote 's good friends .	8	Indicative
Since Hippocrates , people have been discussing how " nature " and " nurture " interact to shape a person 's development .	15	Indicative
I think this would solve our main concern ...	1	Indicative
I think to say it was unexpected is inaccurate , because it implies that there was a well-founded expectation of something .	12	Indicative
" The future is only peace . The problem is how long will it take and how many victims will it call for . "	9	Indicative
Balzac never lost his penchant for une bonne spéculation .	2	Indicative
If you knew what kind of " meat " they put in canned cat food you 'd understand this .	2	Indicative
He took out his wallet and removed the five-hundred-dollar check that Virginia Stillman had written two weeks earlier .	1	Indicative
What better portrait of a writer than to show a man who has been bewitched by books ?	12	Indicative
The paper taste of the wafer was still in my mouth and I took a deep breath of the leather .	13	Indicative
As for the Clinton administration , let me say one thing in its defense .	6	Imperative-Jussive
Japan favoured a route to the sea , enabling oil to be shipped to both Japan and China .	1	Indicative
according to the vet , he is healthy and looks good .	6	Indicative
The Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles ( not a drop of magical blood in their veins ) and as far as they were concerned , having a wizard in the family was a matter of deepest shame .	5	Indicative
Feels like you are in Brooklyn , but people watching is entertaining .	3	Indicative
It differs from the western portion of the country in that its prominent topographic features do not parallel the coast .	1	Indicative
The call will terminate once everyone has hung up .	6	Indicative
Do not shut the door .	2	Imperative-Jussive
Try some , Margot , it 's wonderful ...	0	Imperative-Jussive
" The impacts of global warming are affecting people now in the Arctic , " said ACIA chair Robert Corell .	6	Indicative
Fair give and take on both sides until we agreed on a deal that was within my parameters and was fair to both sides .	14	Indicative
Molly 's frantic – she 's coming now .	1	Indicative
I am serious about doing something .	1	Indicative
She pointed to the refreshment table with Campbell 's Soup served with " electric " Kool Aid and tables adorned with colorful gumball " pills " .	1	Indicative
I know by your pyjama trousers , I use exactly the same measurement for new elastic as I always did .	19	Indicative
Figured they 'd contacted them , but wanted to make sure .	7	Indicative
Supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening , but I 'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal .	13	Indicative
And , let 's remember , flying supersonic fighter jets is dangerous !	2	Imperative-Jussive
Humans have five core competencies as far as the world of work is concerned :	1	Indicative
At the same time , an Iranian Opposition Group released what they call proof of a covert nuclear weapons program .	12	Indicative
These people are dangerous wether they 're head - banging to ' Canibal Corpse ' or humming along to ' Onward Christian Soldiers ' .	6	Indicative
I did the same thing that you did for christmas .	7	Indicative
Here Johannes Factotum — " Jack of all trades " — means a second-rate tinkerer with the work of others , rather than the more common " universal genius " .	11	Indicative
If You create a Derivative Work , upon notice from any Licensor You must , to the extent practicable , remove from the Derivative Work any reference to such Licensor or the Original Author , as requested .	2	Indicative
Currently , I need three interviewers for Thursday , March 1st and one interviewer for Friday , March 2nd .	3	Indicative
Well , almost two weeks ago he came out and did my horse s feet and was SO flirty .	16	Indicative
Annoying , you know , to hold your own coat like a parasol over a man 's head while he is coming-to .	3	Indicative
They were very patient and helpful from showing the cars to doing the paperwork .	1	Indicative
The center of transportation by BART and by bus is there , if one wants to branch out .	14	Indicative
He 's never been sent anywhere where there was anything left to do , he said .	8	Indicative
I would also like to point out , Madam President , that this Parliament voted to express its confidence in President Prodi during the previous legislature .	14	Indicative
Take the red line to Clark , then you turn right .	9	Indicative
We have GIS ids , and Eid ( external id - just like GIS id ) .	1	Indicative
Hi , i bought my Syrian Hamster ( Fernando ) just yesterday and as i was told to leave	3	Indicative
It clearly had been prepared from fresh ingredients .	2	Indicative
He clearly enjoyed , as governor , watching executions .	2	Indicative
Harry thought he heard the voices downstairs falter .	1	Indicative
The clock on the wall opposite him had only one hand and no numbers at all .	7	Indicative
The IIP had also been the main force urging Sunni Arabs to participate in the elections scheduled for January , and had been opposed in this stance by the Association of Muslim Scholars .	21	Indicative
I explained I did not get what I paid for .	3	Indicative
Even if you line up .	3	Indicative
In the bathroom , with the water running in the sink , he decided to shave as well .	13	Indicative
Did you think when you created it that the Santorum cocktail would receive this news coverage ?	0	Indicative
if everything is filtered , and you still have this problem - try changing the filter - if it is still there , try doubling up on the filters ...	2	Indicative
This is more true for real-life situations than it is online , but this mantra has some truth in the world of IM flirting as well .	1	Indicative
But that is precisely why we first need a clear strategy .	7	Indicative
Yet we did n't charge them for the evacuation .	2	Indicative
It turned aside for the bowlders , and also for an undersized railway-truck lying there on its back with its wheels in the air .	1	Indicative
It is true that Google has been in acquisition mode .	1	Indicative
( When I worked at the IMF in the 2000 ' s , page - three coverage of our events by leading newspapers was typically viewed as preferable to top billing ) .	23	Indicative
The bear ran off .	2	Indicative
The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of Ismail Khan , the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month , who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners .	29	Indicative
my female chameleon just laid eggs yesterday and today some of the eggs are soft when i mean soft i mean like not like ordinary chameleon eggs .	13	Indicative
Was it some kind of literary thing you wanted to talk about ? Auster began .	14	Indicative
The flowers were all that I hoped they would be , I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all .	2	Indicative
I understood it was an Oath to ALL of our people .	3	Indicative
I slipped through one of these cracks , went up a swept and ungarnished staircase , as arid as a desert , and opened the first door I came to .	8	Indicative
The doctor begs them to stop intermarrying but they say they have to keep the blood pure .	11	Indicative
I do think some Y!A users need to work on their reading comprehension as I ca n't comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse .	6	Indicative
Now that Oxitec has conducted promising field trials in the Cayman Islands , Malaysia , and Brazil , it is preparing to conduct trials in other countries , including the United States .	3	Indicative
They have fabulous French toast too .	1	Indicative
Last Year over 4 million visitors attended the event and this year the city expects about 6 million visitors according to the event website .	14	Indicative
they do some good waterproof raincoats	1	Indicative
I am sorry for him , he is a good dad	1	Indicative
Beware of the nail program you are not taught to use a nail drill AT ALL you learn the old fashioned way of doing nails you will not be able to do well in a salon !!!	0	Imperative-Jussive
( this way the will associate your hand with food , and birds love food lol ) Then I turned on the tv and watch .	13	Indicative
If anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments , please give me a call .	2	Indicative
Even though I live pretty far from her office I still make the trip so my daughters will have the BEST !	3	Indicative
Alexanian said to Pablo Casals after a performance of some of the suites , You made three bad mistakes .	15	Indicative
For example , after we 've opened up by asking about this person 's interest in the band in his / her username , it 's logical and reasonable to ask about this person 's musical likes and dislikes .	25	Indicative
Take a look !!!	0	Imperative-Jussive
Who 's buying the paper , who 's selling the paper .	7	Indicative
Compare compare compare - that 's the key to getting the best deal .	1	Imperative-Jussive
He told the BBC ’s Andrew Marr Show : “ A general election is frankly the last thing that the Government wants . ”	13	Indicative
Montalvo had known Devocht personally , and came to the conclusion that the claims made about him in the Freedom article were lies .	1	Indicative
In the 1950 s , a wave of new critical approaches replaced modernism and paved the way for " post - modern " studies of Shakespeare .	14	Indicative
Paul is out of the office today so I have n't had a chance to talk to him .	9	Indicative
Those texts shall be authentic under the same conditions as the texts of the Treaty referred to in the first paragraph , drawn up in the present languages .	15	Indicative
The location is really stellar !	2	Indicative
Dobby bowed his head .	1	Indicative
She was dead on -- this restaurant was wonderful --- do not be put off by the one negative review on this page .	10	Imperative-Jussive
Workers who do these introductions look at the interaction objectively ; and it 's good to see they are able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem .	2	Indicative
If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more minutes rather than bake them into rocks .	2	Indicative
The Hydor SlimSkim Nano is a good nano protein skimmer , it 's an in - tank design that could easily sit in your sump .	4	Indicative
Do n't waste your time or money !	0	Imperative-Jussive
His forecast represented a simple extrapolation of two trends :	2	Indicative
It would tell us why the call went to you , but not why they wanted to speak to me in the first place .	7	Indicative
Both my grandparents passed away 4 months apart and Mike was very understanding .	10	Indicative
Though YouTube is complying with the Church of Scientology 's requests to take down the video , other sites such as Gawker.com have stated that they will keep hosting the video .	2	Indicative
I googled restaurants in the area and Fuji Sushi came up and reviews were great so I made a carry out order of : L 17 .	1	Indicative
If you are really desperate for something to pass the time and are willing to shell out the best part of £ 30 for 2 two people then go for it .	2	Indicative
Well , unless of course the third compressor he put in the car goes out .	9	Indicative
‘’ Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , ” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan ’s National Security Directorate .	27	Indicative
Back at sea , John had to stand double watches in the engine room because he was shorthanded .	5	Indicative
I 'm two years into an undergraduate degree .	1	Indicative
Google has finally had an analyst day -- a chance to present the company 's story to the ( miniscule number of ) people who have n't heard it .	25	Indicative
This was heavily promoted by the Australasian Radiation Protection Society in a press release titled THE MYTHS OF CHERNOBYL which contained the following :	1	Indicative
As he opened the door that would lead him into the lobby , he gave himself one last word of advice .	2	Indicative
I have n't the book handy , so I paraphrase .	1	Indicative
Why certain slogans work and why some do n't .	3	Indicative
Olivia went in to change the record and because it was , unexpectedly , Mozart – the harp and Mute concerto – he lit a cigar to smoke while he enjoyed it .	30	Indicative
Jane , on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .	14	Indicative
Hopefully , the stands Parliament has taken will help , however , in the mid - term appraisal of the programmes and in their practical implementation .	5	Indicative
I do not know if the American plan was actually to encircle both Iran and Syria , but that is the resulting situation .	19	Indicative
nevertheless this is a small price to pay for your life .	2	Indicative
Was wondering if anyone knew a rough estimate of how much it costs with travel and training	0	Indicative
It 's the Styrofoam and chocolate game .	1	Indicative
He 's never been sent anywhere where there was anything left to do , he said .	15	Indicative
Feel you 're surrounded by infinite peace and happiness , and feel that your own sense of existence is in direct contact with that endless peace and happiness all around you .	2	Indicative
" What was wanted was an elite to underpin the rulers , themselves in turn supported and buttressed by a population which presumably understood , approved , and legitimated the aims of such an elite .	25	Indicative
Yes , I know about the Kindle Fire but that 's not what I want (: Does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars ?	3	Indicative
There are so many things to do that you will only use your room for sleeping and the extra cost of the balcony is wasted .	1	Indicative
She said in her sensible , inquiring , Englishwoman 's voice behind which generations of her kind had sheltered , Did Mweta say how long ?	20	Indicative
the group to which Edwardsiella andrillae belongs includes many species that reproduce asexually , and it 's possible that the fields are " clones " produced asexually rather than the result of sexual reproduction .	7	Indicative
An analysis of 65 bird species in the United Kingdom shows about one - third are laying their eggs four to seven days earlier than they did 25 years ago .	26	Indicative
Do n't be nosy or gossipy , but if they are happy with someone one day and hateful with them the next , that 's a sign of them having a lot of fair weather friends .	10	Indicative
How do people look at and experience art ?	6	Indicative
Gameplay was delayed during the " third map " ( third round ) of the finals , when one Immortals player was caught with their headset off .	1	Indicative
The " trillion spore " issue was at the heart of a lot of mistaken theories of the matter concluding that state sponsorship was necessarily indicated .	6	Indicative
However , he also mentioned we were a close sixth , that is close to the fifth highest bid .	6	Indicative
Greece , Italy , France , Spain and Austria , have understood that something has to be done and now have a presence in Albania .	14	Indicative
This was already a fresh departure for me .	1	Indicative
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be US Dollars .	8	Indicative
I never wait in the waiting room more than two minutes and the cleanings are quick and painless .	14	Indicative
At that time , one in three visits to the site came from BBC News , and the website increased to number 3 in the company Hitwise UK 's Lifestyle-Religion category .	11	Indicative
Through his grandmother , Mishima was a direct descendant of Tokugawa Ieyasu .	5	Indicative
No matter when you buy you will get a newer version .	4	Indicative
If you enjoy amazing things , you must go to World 's Finest Donair .	2	Indicative
He picked one up and saw that the pages had the narrow lines he preferred .	5	Indicative
If I have a criticism of the Legal Affairs Committee 's opinion , it is that it is too one-sided .	17	Indicative
- Emphasis should be put on practical training .	2	Indicative
We feel that the Internet provides an effective way of avoiding that stranglehold .	1	Indicative
OK , I digress .	3	Indicative
When a view has multiple row and column fields , the fields that are closest to the detail data are referred to as inner fields .	13	Indicative
Pebe moved the family to Nashville , Tennessee , in 1991 after securing a new publishing deal for her songwriting .	1	Indicative
em ... no ... the Gates foundation mainly invests in medical research and education , that means donating now adds a tremendous value compared to donating in ten years .	19	Indicative
Are you prepared to handle absolute power ?	0	Indicative
In George Orwell 's influential novel " 1984 " doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as " war is peace " .	10	Indicative
I was amazed .	1	Indicative
There is a very good book on the subject that was written by General Vo Nguyen Giap .	10	Indicative
Oh , I think I can say we 've come out of it quite good friends .	8	Indicative
There was a small click and the door swung open .	8	Indicative
Michelle , please comment .	3	Imperative-Jussive
It included three tracks cowritten with Rafferty 's brother Jim , also a singer - songwriter , who had been signed to Decca Records in the 1970s .	18	Indicative
They did a vehicle wrap for my Toyota Venza that looks amazing .	10	Indicative
Bloom Legal was really attentive to my problem , and Seth Bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue I was dealing with .	12	Indicative
But like i said nothing ever came of It .. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up ..	17	Indicative
I read somewhere that you have to hold his mouth together , and keep it that way til he panics .	1	Indicative
The worst that could be said of him was that he did not represent his class .	8	Indicative
" What ? " asks Winston , " is n't there any one here who can give me an example of a tragedy ? "	8	Indicative
It 's much more fun when there are other people that can understand your language .	1	Indicative
Still , you have a better chance of some peace and quiet , and the weather can be surprisingly better in April and September than in mid-July – again , it ’s all part of the uncertainty principle .	31	Indicative
34 - Percentage of Americans who believed in June 2003 that Saddam 's " weapons of mass destruction " had been found .	6	Indicative
And having one of those is usually indicative of arrogance .	5	Indicative
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to a nationality .	4	Indicative
her first stories were published in a minor newspaper under her pen name , Ichiyo Higuchi .	3	Indicative
It was completed rather late in the war ; although a number of B-29s were equipped with Eagle and it worked well , it came too late to make much difference .	24	Indicative
The main reason I wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust .	7	Indicative
However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .	6	Indicative
Agriculture only provides 5.5 % of employment in the Union .	2	Indicative
He says , " This I never heard of .	1	Indicative
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted via e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .	14	Indicative
However , New Orleans also had many affluent people , people who left town early as they had the means .	5	Indicative
Perhaps I was still there then ?	2	Indicative
Republican economists caution against taking this data as proof that their party is lousy at economic policy .	12	Indicative
When a view has multiple row and column fields , the fields that are closest to the detail data are referred to as inner fields .	19	Indicative
Be aware that growing Beavertail cactus from seeds takes much longer than growing one from a cutting .	8	Indicative
( not church morality , no that is phoney , love thy neighbor ... hell no , kill thy neighbor - now that is REAL MORALITY ????? )	10	Imperative-Jussive
( Khalid Mohammed 's involvement dates back to Bojinka , as does Hambali 's ) .	11	Indicative
" My first thought was to push it away , " he said .	4	Indicative
While it 's not uncommon to transport a chicken by its feet , this upside-down hold risks breaking the chicken 's hip .	2	Indicative
she knows she is invading someone else 's territory , but ca n't help it , and has no where to go .	17	Indicative
( Green symbolizes " Islam " and Prophet Mohammed 's holy war ) .	2	Indicative
We ca n't avoid being politicized ( to use a word as murky as the condition it describes ) because it is necessary after all to know what is going on .	21	Indicative
Yes , poor old Shinza , that 's what everyone says .	10	Indicative
It was very upsetting to see this kind of behavior especially in front of my four year old .	1	Indicative
I am sorry to own I began to worry them .	6	Indicative
He heard the sound of someone entering the room behind him .	1	Indicative
You also wrote two collections of short stories and a novel .	2	Indicative
You wonder if he was manipulating the market with his bombing targets .	4	Indicative
The city suffered minor damage during WWII , and suffered extensive urban planning in the decades that followed , as the nation rapidly industrialized and urbanized .	23	Indicative
But his son is dead .	3	Indicative
It was as if with all made splendidly ready for a theatrical performance , a party of workmen with their gear had been left behind .	23	Indicative
The answer lies in one now - familiar name : Jack Abramoff .	2	Indicative
I guess they figured me for an easy mark , and tried to explain that my car would n't pass unless I replaced a hose .	3	Indicative
Don Quixote , in my view , was not really mad .	7	Indicative
This is a major breakthrough in the animal intelligence field and a must see / hear for every animal intelligence enthusiast .	1	Indicative
They give rise to the trees , they create the debris fields that feed the mycelium .	8	Indicative
I was amazed and really excited .	1	Indicative
Wednesday does n't work for me .	1	Indicative
An ATM and currency exchange are available at Havana airport , but these facilities are not as reliable in Cuba as in other places .	14	Indicative
" I have to congratulate Andy -- to get to No. 1 in the world that 's an incredible achievement , " the American said .	24	Indicative
Also , Beardies often do not eat food that is not moving , so it s anyone 's guess whether or not he 'll touch the freeze - dried crickets or the processed food .	15	Indicative
Nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at the time the penal offence was committed .	1	Indicative
Until now Pakistan has not facilitated such a return and clearly it can not happen until there is both a pull from Kabul and a push from Islamabad .	17	Indicative
We aim to investigate the contributions of the use of a system that integrates cognitive digital games to a database , of the Escola do Cérebro , for monitoring and improvement of cognitive skills , highlighting the attention .	1	Indicative
" I hope that industry , if put to the test , can do better [ than the government ] , but I do not expect it , " Griffin added .	23	Indicative
until you brush it away . )	2	Indicative
They wear extremely loud shirts , blue-green sprigged with red berries , but they strike me as good fellows and are neat and nimble about the table .	14	Indicative
These work only on a single line of sight , so you need to know the exact path the mice are taking .	20	Indicative
Many online stores carry them , like Adorama :	3	Indicative
Try to ensure there is an al dente bite to the germ , in the same way as pasta .	4	Indicative
While creating the page , Access will change control names that are not unique .	11	Indicative
In spring 1948 , in hopes of adapting Tintin for the cinema , the Belgian artist wrote a letter to Walt Disney , asking in vain for his support .	16	Indicative
Mrs Mason screamed like a banshee and ran from the house , shouting about lunatics .	2	Indicative
Also , I have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go ?	14	Indicative
" They are targetting ambulances " , " American snipers are shooting children and pregnant women " , and " They are using cluster bombs against civilians " is all you get to hear from him .	10	Indicative
I 'm handling the afternoon -- I think that Harry has this morning .	10	Indicative
Bredders take the one that in not very interested and put it alone in a breeeding tank for 3 - 5 days .	10	Indicative
If you choose to get a parakeet this is a trick that I used to tame them .	13	Indicative
Dekalb County Police Chief Louis Graham ... the man who reopened the investigations last year , is mysteriously stepping down .	16	Indicative
I really enjoyed meeting her and happy to learn she comes from Oklahoma and has the values of a solid no bs country girl .	10	Indicative
A bird cried out on the roof , and he woke up .	2	Indicative
It looks like NASA is ready to sour again after it's devastating loss from the Columbia accident which occurred nearly two years ago .	4	Indicative
Not once did I feel listened to like they actually cared about what I wanted , all they were interested in was me signing a contract right then and there .	21	Indicative
You have it , Hjalmar .	1	Indicative
If you mean the Republic of Ireland ( Dublin ) then anytime .	2	Indicative
The thing looked as dead as the carcass of some animal .	2	Indicative
Dobby knows it , sir .	1	Indicative
it s really amazing there , it ll blow your mind	1	Indicative
I understand how competitive the process has become , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , personality , extracurricular activities , etc. that this would compensate for my disability .	1	Indicative
However , this toolbar is really bad news .	4	Indicative
Is your wife Jewish ? "	0	Indicative
His appearance was certainly that of a hairdresser 's dummy ; but in the great demoralization of the land he kept up his appearance .	2	Indicative
Dominican priest Heinrich Kramer was assistant to the Archbishop of Salzburg .	4	Indicative
Gaining recognition as an expert in the field , she took those skills back to the Radium Institute along with a small disc of polonium .	10	Indicative
It is situated in Yorkshire , North Yorkshire , England with some of the best preserved historical buildings and structures in Europe .	1	Indicative
i have a Mature male and female they are together a lot but never laid eggs as far as i know can anyone help me figure out how to make them mate	1	Indicative
Contains custom groups as its items and appears as the parent of the field whose items you grouped .	0	Indicative
After the Russian Revolution in 1917 , some countries , such as Finland , Poland and the Baltic States , won their independence .	20	Indicative
And other parts of the economy that provide services to the financial sector – Porsche dealers and strip clubs , for example – will be similarly encouraged .	23	Indicative
Later , historical studies show that what actually happened was devoid of anything like such intelligence .	4	Indicative
It 's about time we got together .	1	Indicative
The fact that Stillman took this scavenging seriously intrigued Quinn , but he could do no more than observe , write down what he saw in the red notebook , hover stupidly on the surface of things .	8	Indicative
In order to design this curriculum we follow a four step approach with a Working Out Loud - principle ( Williams , 2010 ) :	7	Indicative
My answer is that we do n't to text speak here ... we type in English .	2	Indicative
He shooed the shocked Masons back into the dining room , promised Harry he would flay him to within an inch of his life when the Masons had left , and handed him a mop .	27	Indicative
I said I would buy you a racing broom , said his father , drumming his fingers on the counter .	10	Indicative
I wonder if they were going down a hill !	1	Indicative
Heald noted the findings show pollution reduction is also important .	4	Indicative
It boggles the mind that ANYONE can take at face value Bush 's claims to be a christian , yet many seem to do just that .	21	Indicative
I looked at motocross and the more I looked , this one woman ’s face kept coming up , in photographs that looked as if they were from the 1970s .	1	Indicative
L'Enfant served on General George Washington 's staff at Valley Forge .	1	Indicative
Everyone is entitled to a social and international order in which the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration can be fully realized .	20	Indicative
When I was a little girl , he did that often , and called me Muscles .	13	Indicative
Not only had he been sent back to the beginning , he was now before the beginning , and so far before the beginning that it was worse than any end he could imagine .	2	Indicative
I sat generally on the floor , while , of faultless appearance ( and even slightly scented ) , perching on a high stool , he wrote , he wrote .	29	Indicative
However , then I asked to amend my return to apply a credit I had just become eligible for .	14	Indicative
I had a surgery date of July 17 , 2008 .	1	Indicative
he has n't eaten in an entire month .	1	Indicative
All tropical cyclones lose strength once they make landfall .	3	Indicative
During this search , Michele Tollis became convinced that satanism had something to do with his son 's disappearance .	10	Indicative
looks fine	0	Indicative
During his service , Bush received high marks as a pilot .	5	Indicative
But today , unable to see the end of war , he has lost the sensation of being borne upon any such wave .	12	Indicative
Unfortunately , all the dangers in the world are no match for the self - assurance of a bubble - encased zealot .	8	Indicative
Nina Leopold Bradley , a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer Aldo Leopold , published a 1999 paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on her 61 - year uninterrupted phenological records .	16	Indicative
It 's possible to have normal hemoglobin levels , but to have low iron stores overall , says Canadian Blood Services ( CBS ) .	1	Indicative
Winter defied his own board and Gov. Gray Davis when he filed a 50 - page request to remove the caps , records and interviews show .	25	Indicative
They could n't use real Quidditch balls , which would have been hard to explain if they had escaped and flown away over the village ; instead they threw apples for each other to catch .	17	Indicative
Ron 's magic wand was lying on top of a fish tank full of frog spawn on the window-sill , next to his fat grey rat , Scabbers , who was snoozing in a patch of sun .	30	Indicative
We called few companies before we decide to hire them .	1	Indicative
Watch out for your wallet	0	Imperative-Jussive
For example , I actually forgot to feed my cat , and they went out of their way to take care of him .	5	Indicative
But the articles I read seemed to say the contrary .	5	Indicative
He and his master dragged me to my room and held judgment upon me as a convicted traitress .	4	Indicative
Dessert was good .	1	Indicative
Tindi Kente is a wonderful dancer , wonderful , is n't she ... just like a snake brought out by music , and sometimes he 'll try with her .	9	Indicative
Tell me , what events is today important such as how many elephants Hannibal had on the Alps , when you can have helicopters ?	5	Indicative
The best part is I got my whole bathroom remodeled for about the same price the other company's were quoting just to fix the shower tile and fixtures .	18	Indicative
( 2 ) Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the author .	28	Indicative
When Millican died , we assumed that was the last we ’d see of glitchy , twitchy Odi too .	5	Indicative
Randy , this is the issue I left you the voice mail on .	3	Indicative
When you copy an interior vertical line , the new line is halfway between the line you copied and the line to the right of the line you copied .	11	Indicative
I swear that he might have twisted it off had I understood what it would mean to Garcia .	1	Indicative
Naturally , the office landscape features many clothes and little in the way of food .	5	Indicative
The prestigious IAEA ( International Atomic Energy Agency ) published an early report on Chernobyl which was based on information from Russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects .	16	Indicative
A part of him had died , he told his friends , and he did not want it coming back to haunt him .	14	Indicative
From your point of view , as it luckily lasted less than two generations . Was n't it worth it ?	15	Indicative
The two ANSI SQL query modes , ANSI-89 and ANSI-92 , are not compatible .	11	Indicative
And if you have n't heard by now , the roster of suspected terrorists has not a Tom , Dick or Harry among them :	3	Indicative
The New Left sees it as a reactionary small country .	3	Indicative
The trouble everyone had taken gave a sense of occasion to even the wildest moments of the night .	3	Indicative
His most notable contribution to translation theory is Dynamic Equivalence , also known as Functional Equivalence .	7	Indicative
it is incredible , he said , and walked off .	1	Indicative
We do n't want to have to give anyone permission to use our recordings , we want anyone to use them for whatever they want .	16	Indicative
WHAT A GREAT DEAL THANK YOU	4	Indicative
This scar was the only hint of Harry 's very mysterious past , of the reason he had been left on the Dursleys doorstep eleven years before .	2	Indicative
The Council shall make such adaptations to its Rules of Procedure as are rendered necessary by accession .	2	Indicative
Even Zawahiri 's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced .	32	Indicative
When was Miramar founded ?	1	Indicative
Go onto the UCAS website , go onto course search and search for the courses you want to do .	0	Imperative-Jussive
This school is the worst one i 've ever been to .	2	Indicative
the company is Arco Products , adn their comments are on the attached file .	2	Indicative
If she is nicer when you are alone I 'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend .	23	Indicative
If you are on the lookout for a pure breed pup do n't forget to check out the shelters !	2	Indicative
your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey .	25	Indicative
The owner was VERY rude , accused me of not reading my contract , and basically told me to shut up when I was trying to ask questions to further understand the process of canceling my membership .	16	Indicative
I do n't know about birding in that part of the world but you might possibly find help at this site : http://www.wildlifeofpakistan.com/PakistanBirdClub/index.html	1	Indicative
A few minutes after I left , I was called and informed that " I " left my wheel lock ( which they should have left in the car ) .	8	Indicative
The owners are really nice , they serve good food at a good price , and the option to eat outside on the deck ( esp on the weekend whether there is hardly any traffic ) is great .	36	Indicative
Little evidence substantiates such stories other than hearsay collected after his death , and Shakeshafte was a common name in the Lancashire area .	15	Indicative
It said it was in January but still !!!!	3	Indicative
We walked back through the school because it was drizzling , my father tall in his navy suit and my shoes going click on the linoleum .	1	Indicative
Thank you for your recent request for Mr. Lay to speak at your conference .	0	Indicative
However , the friendship has fallen apart due to unofficial collaborations between the two , which has given rise to legal disputes .	16	Indicative
Al - Qaeda wants them , Iran wants them , Russia wants the better ones , and all the US wants is to give them all a piece of coal .	3	Indicative
When the ship passed Stromboli at night , there was a streak of crimson lava flowing from the volcano and the sailors would n't leave the television set to look at this natural phenomenon .	3	Indicative
I took the weekend off and came in and asked for the manager who is Jeff and he remembered her right away even remembered her dog , I was a bit shocked that someone would pay that close attention .	18	Indicative
If demand were to increase , so too would risk capital , regardless of whether the markets are fragmented or not .	2	Indicative
Indoor cats that are well cared for typically live 11 - 15 years .	3	Indicative
Attached is the letter I originally sent to you on May 10 in this regard .	1	Indicative
Please note that the Declaration addresses only civil marriage ; it says nothing about religious beliefs or practices regarding marriage .	1	Imperative-Jussive
Distances are not what they are in the old world .	5	Indicative
The Beatles of the times of the " Cavern " sounded exactly as poorly as Oasis and the little musical quality in the songs of the Beatles is due to George Martin .	10	Indicative
Branch out and try something other than the Pad Thai , the curries are fantastic .	13	Indicative
So I checked it out with the U.S. Post Office ( 1-800-238-5355 ) and they confirmed that it is indeed legal !!	15	Indicative
Pack one room at a time if possible , and start with items that are least often used .	14	Indicative
It was strange , he thought , how quickly time had passed in the Stillman apartment .	5	Indicative
On a new website , " The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown " , Microsoft has launched an aggressive campaign to persuade users to stop using IE6 and update to a newer IE .	14	Indicative
Like most U.S. cities , Cleveland proper began to lose population to suburban areas in the 1960s and 1970s .	7	Indicative
The people at Gulf Coast Siding were very easy and clear to work with .	6	Indicative
My knowledge of the responsiveness of the Indian government to this storm is purely from the cyber space .	12	Indicative
Which is why he did n't say we 're at war with Islamic people .	4	Indicative
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to freedom of movement and residence within the borders of each State .	4	Indicative
And when I move it I guess he figures I 'm playing . x.x	8	Indicative
As for Ted , things are still going well although I have n't see him at all this week ( we are two very busy people ) .	21	Indicative
The first part is called Legato and the second part was called Staccato .	10	Indicative
I have lots of containers in there .	1	Indicative
Now I 'm the youngest and I just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it 's a good thing ?	19	Indicative
The ReportML language is made up of a set of tags that describe a form , report or data access page 's properties , events , and attributes .	12	Indicative
I established the Renaissance Foundation in Ukraine in 1990 – before the country achieved independence .	13	Indicative
In the first eight days of January , eighteen US troops have been killed in Iraq , compounded by another twelve deaths from a Black Hawk helicopter crash on Saturday .	11	Indicative
Balzac spoke often of a " nervous and fluid force " between individuals , and Raphaël Valentin 's decline in La Peau De Chagrin exemplifies the danger of withdrawing from the company of other people .	24	Indicative
I 've also sent over a number of friends to use the services here and everyone is extraordinarily pleased !	16	Indicative
Auster leaned back on the sofa , smiled with a certain ironic pleaure , and lit a cigarette .	1	Indicative
To my friend , thank you for your recommendation ... you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a " Saintly Instructor ... Absolutely Simple the Best Instructor and Best Driving school there is !	4	Indicative
You have to have very good teachers in mathematics if you really want to enjoy and to succeed in it .	1	Indicative
Now that I live here , this is my favorite place to grab flowers for friends and coworkers !	3	Indicative
Maybe because they hint at a larger conspiracy / network of abusers / satanic underground ?	3	Indicative
You understand it was a Continental concern , that Trading society ; but I have a lot of relations living on the Continent , because it 's cheap and not so nasty as it looks , they say .	26	Indicative
When you walk across landscapes , it leaps up in the aftermath of your footsteps trying to grab debris .	7	Indicative
I found that the lion , in place of his sword , now held a rather large plaque .	1	Indicative
He called the next day to see if everything was to my satisfaction .	1	Indicative
If an engagement with Iran envelops our forces in Iraq , and comes to involve Syria , our economy will likely shatter under the strain of fighting so many countries simultaneously .	5	Indicative
My extension is 35620 .	2	Indicative
I was wondering if it would be OK for me to sit in with you one day to get a general feel of your end of the process .	1	Indicative
This was in my third year of Biology study I think .	10	Indicative
i knew someone in college who had one and i loved it .	10	Indicative
And were the Columbine killers acting out this " real morality " when they indescriminately murdered their classmates .	15	Indicative
Paris also claims that her passport was taken away from her and she was forced to work in the engine room .	2	Indicative
I wanted to feel the rough edge of the pocket of his coat against my cheek , but I was too tall .	19	Indicative
At Madison Avenue he turned right and went south for a block , then turned left and saw where he was .	20	Indicative
Yeah you got ta burn it .. that s the only way	2	Indicative
We just moved to a town outside Philly a couple of months back so I 'm not an expert on the area .	15	Indicative
Pompey took command of two legions in Capua and began to raise levies illegally , an act that , as was predictable , took advantage of the Caesarians who were in his favor .	29	Indicative
They track poop everywhere ( most disgustingly my bed .... ) , and am constantly trying to climb up everything , including my bare legs !	1	Indicative
I had paid in cash , and he said he had no receipt / record of my purchase .	1	Indicative
Seagal , whose grandmother was from Vladivostok in Russia 's far east , has made frequent trips to Russia in recent years and visited Kamchatka and Sakhalin in September .	13	Indicative
It 's important with regard to the quality of streams .	1	Indicative
They need to see the political dimension working , to see that officials accept their responsibilities and that there is communication with the citizens .	1	Indicative
I came from Israel five years ago to be married in New Jersey .	1	Indicative
Try Varkala , it s a ammazing and is by the beach .	8	Indicative
And he says : You 're at Warwick in Pennsylvania ?	5	Indicative
I wonder what becomes of that kind when it goes up country ?	1	Indicative
The one time I actually booked through a travel agent I did not get all of the amenities I had paid for .	5	Indicative
I loved the car so we began negotiating my trade - in and the price of the 09 XF .	6	Indicative
All the Hasidim are vividly enjoying themselves , dodging through the aisles , visiting chattering standing impatiently in the long lavatory lines , amiable , busy as geese .	3	Indicative
Deal your meal from where the dishes are located .	0	Imperative-Jussive
" We staged this fair to explore the limits of freedom Westerners believe in , " Masoud Shojai , head of the country 's " Iran Cartoon " association and the fair organizer , said .	34	Indicative
My answer is that we do n't to text speak here ... we type in English .	5	Indicative
Baghdadis do n't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more , you never know where you might get stuck .	14	Indicative
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar 's property ) .	15	Indicative
Those things ended up being a windsheild washer fluid tank ( 1 screw ) and the air filter canister ( 4 spring clips ) .	2	Indicative
After firing this company my next pool service found the filters had not been cleaned as they should have been .	8	Indicative
Even my PA i went to the other day said " it must by comforting to have gone to a heart surgeon like him who will do nothing for you " .	9	Indicative
I mean literally around the world if possible .	1	Indicative
It led me to believe that the reviewers simply had difficulty tolerating people with strongly - accented English .	1	Indicative
The price spikes pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need and want an easy way out .	16	Indicative
We transport politicians always try to be precise , without letting things get out of hand .	4	Indicative
The instruments of ratification shall be deposited with the Government of the Italian Republic by 31 December 2006 at the latest .	4	Indicative
maybe buy him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up	10	Indicative
But I believe that we should do all we can to keep the transport of dangerous goods to a minimum , in all countries , whether they are transit countries or not .	5	Indicative
Pretending he had n't noticed this , Harry sat down and took the toast Mrs Weasley offered him .	4	Indicative
Before coming to Acupuncture DOCTOR I was a big baby about needles and only came because my boyfriend 's aunt recommended it .	6	Indicative
I do n't know where this stands officially ( I have n't heard any developments since Amsterdam ) but I can find out from Bob Pickle if you want .	1	Indicative
Is that what you want ?	4	Indicative
That 's a tragedy for those populations , but it 's also a tragedy for the people eating them because they don't know that that 's toxic meat .	1	Indicative
I – I mean , he faltered as sparks flew from Mrs Weasley 's eyes , that – that was very wrong , boys – very wrong indeed	3	Indicative
My parents even plays with them .	3	Indicative
I just wan na make sure :) Thank !	2	Indicative
So here we are in Manson .	3	Indicative
A monsoon is a seasonal prevailing wind which lasts for several months , ushering in a region 's rainy season .	2	Indicative
Also , we have attached a pdf black - line of the Guarantee vs the form of guarantee in the Turbine Contract .	3	Indicative
She has taken care of my sweet girl for almost 4 years now and I would not let Gracee go with anyone besides her !!!	1	Indicative
Do n't let the nondescript building entrance fool you , these are some creative and talented chefs ... two thumbs way , way up !	11	Indicative
Then take your finger and place it under their belly , in front of their feet and say up .	1	Imperative-Jussive
As such , instead of accepting that the world behaves randomly and at times totally averse to one 's preferences , the arrogant person seeks to control everything and everyone , which of course , is an impossible mission .	35	Indicative
That tactic never failed me .	3	Indicative
I read of a case not long ago when some people were trying to get a polygamous judge taken off the bench for not obeying state law .	1	Indicative
Around 230 years after Shakespeare 's death , doubts began to be expressed about the authorship of the works attributed to him .	9	Indicative
The huge eyes blinked and vanished .	5	Indicative
I have been going to Nick for 5 months now precisely because he does pay attention to detail .	1	Indicative
Economists at Citigroup , Mckinsey , Pricewaterhousecoopers , and elsewhere were predicting an era of broad and sustained growth from Asia to Africa .	17	Indicative
We get over 14 million unique visitors per month ( source : Google Analytics ) , which makes us the 135th most popular site according to Quantcast .	1	Indicative
Why , how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ???	29	Indicative
Whether he was actually AWOL during this stint is unclear .	2	Indicative
While most U.S. secretaries of state -- save perhaps Dean Rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with , few have been as brazen as Colin Powell .	12	Indicative
Instead they are encouraging everyone to come forward if they see any potential problems ( as it is clear that overlooked problems could result in unnecessary losses ) .	17	Indicative
After 1610 , Shakespeare wrote fewer plays , and none are attributed to him after 1613 .	10	Indicative
I guess so .	1	Indicative
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	2	Indicative
Please sit between us .	1	Imperative-Jussive
After writing several novels , in 1832 Balzac conceived the idea for an enormous series of books that would paint a panoramic portrait of " all aspects of society .	8	Indicative
I wish it was . But this has nothing to do with literature .	3	Indicative
When you press the button to stop recording the data is moved from the buffer to the memory card - no pause .	10	Indicative
In addition , from my understanding one - on - one dates is something that comes much later and not ' straight - away ' like us anglo - saxons .	12	Indicative
If you want a CD copy of this web site , give me a yell .	2	Indicative
To make the reference more pointed and unmistakable , Sir Nathaniel replies " a most singular & choice epithet , " and at once enters it in his note book .	11	Indicative
Attached are all live financial deals by risk type .	1	Indicative
Bill was the oldest Weasley brother .	1	Indicative
It ’s more analytical and clinical ?	1	Indicative
I try to say it every time as if it was the first time I said it .	10	Indicative
They require a lot of attention or they get fussy and tear stuff up .	1	Indicative
( 16 ) Priority should be given to alternative courses of action such as self-regulation by the industry where such action is likely to deliver the policy objectives faster or in a less costly manner than mandatory requirements .	4	Indicative
The girl who stood before the tall desk was red-headed .	3	Indicative
By exercising any rights to the work provided here , you accept and agree to be bound by the terms of this license .	13	Indicative
680 - Number of suspected al - Qa'ida members that the United States admits are detained at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba .	14	Indicative
Recall how a few years ago , just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers , the financial sector prided itself on its innovativeness .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Our advertising revenue funds community meetups and has even allowed us to donate over $ 60,000 to charities such as the Wikimedia Foundation and Creative Commons .	3	Indicative
In 1976 , the racecourse was no longer used ; in 1990 , a fire destroyed what remained of the wooden grandstands , which were later demolished along with the stables .	24	Indicative
1 of them is really colorful and is about 6 cm long .	3	Indicative
The Indian government 's ongoing assault on pharmaceutical IP makes these findings even more significant .	9	Indicative
Britt 's Pizza is long gone .	3	Indicative
If you look at the rooms , there 's all the accouterments you 'd find in these types of places --	8	Indicative
The drink was mildly popular for the last few months , but of course has become a great deal more popular since getting all this publicity .	14	Indicative
The flat-rate approach produces more risk of overcompensation , which is why we have set the margin at 2.6 -% .	3	Indicative
At last he managed to control himself , and sat with his great eyes fixed on Harry in an expression of watery adoration .	3	Indicative
Does the Tablet have a major difference in speed compared to the Color ?	0	Indicative
On Friday , fishermen rescued over 700 asylum seekers whose boat sank , and the Indonesian Navy reportedly saved 200 more after they were found swimming along the coast of Aceh , Indonesia .	11	Indicative
Acquiring open source talent gives a company an inexpensive way of influencing and anticipating the direction an open source project will go .	4	Indicative
Trade was developed by establishing commercial outposts throughout the Mediterranean , a technique that had not been used until then .	14	Indicative
Musharraf told Clinton he could n't use Pakistani soil or air space to send the team in against Bin Laden .	1	Indicative
Sunni Arab fundamentalists deeply sympathize with the Palestinians and with Hamas , and those in Iraq have deep historical inks with fundamentalists in Jordan and Palestine .	16	Indicative
When you design a Web page using Microsoft Office Web Components , any user with a Microsoft Office 2002 license can interact with the components in the browser to the level of interactivity you provide .	34	Indicative
okay , I do nt have a review , but why in the hell would you name your business something that has the initials KKK .... is there something behind the scenes at this place ?	3	Indicative
Right out of college I called the salon and explained my situation .	9	Indicative
He has a long and distinguished record , including many years as a Federal Appeals Judge , the next level below Supreme Court .	1	Indicative
To help us better understand the problem , the World Bank and the ONE Campaign recently conducted an unprecedented analysis of the challenges facing women farmers .	16	Indicative
If these weapons have gone missing it 's a terrifying prospect . "	7	Indicative
If you select controls of different types , Microsoft Access displays only the properties that are shared by the group in the property sheet .	15	Indicative
( 8 ) This Directive seeks to achieve a high level of protection for the environment by reducing the potential environmental impact of EUPs , which will ultimately be beneficial to consumers and other end - users .	5	Indicative
Musharraf has always maintained that the US has never provided actionable intelligence about Taliban leaders hiding in Baluchistan .	1	Indicative
A horn tooted to the right , and I saw the black people run . A heavy and dull detonation shook the ground , a puff of smoke came out of the cliff , and that was all .	9	Indicative
Did they do any x - rays ?	0	Indicative
Simply put , confidence is sexy .	4	Indicative
I recently traveled to Canada on business and had a most excellent experience .	2	Indicative
The Spanish story will surely end up being extremely costly to other European countries , including France , who is now expelling inciting preachers and forbidding veils and including others who sent troops to Iraq .	31	Indicative
Mérida has a rich cultural life which also reflects its diversity .	1	Indicative
He began to speak as soon as he saw me .	1	Indicative
Please , ask Stinson as well .	2	Imperative-Jussive
If an egg turns blue , it had died and then became dyed as the outer membrane broke down .	7	Indicative
Before you buy ANYTHING in NY , make sure you stop by Jack -s first .	10	Indicative
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .	4	Indicative
Suggest what you like , they just talk it away into the cigarette smoke , nobody even listens .	0	Indicative
A nearly infinite reserve of energy propels the characters in Balzac 's novels .	6	Indicative
When we arrived at 5 , and left circa 7 , there were the same 4 or 5 empty tables surrounding us .	2	Indicative
In the meantime make sure she had plenty of water available to her .	6	Indicative
It is now threatening to pull out of the Allawi caretaker government .	1	Indicative
" They can freely write anything they like about our prophet , but if one raises doubts about the Holocaust he is either fined or sent to prison , " he added .	31	Indicative
Whereas it is essential to promote the development of friendly relations between nations ;	2	Indicative
The mixture will now curdle and this is what should be happening .	7	Indicative
I 'm sorry to disturb you , Quinn apologized . But I 'm looking for Paul Auster .	12	Indicative
He and his wife took over the Silver Rhino last year .	4	Indicative
When I open a can of meat with gravy he licks off the gravy and lets the meat lay .	2	Indicative
if everything is filtered , and you still have this problem - try changing the filter - if it is still there , try doubling up on the filters ...	19	Indicative
" The funeral was attended by " almost every writer in Paris " , including Frédérick Lemaître , Gustave Courbet , Dumas père and Dumas fils .	3	Indicative
As with all new year celebrations in Taiwan , the lantern festival is crowded .	12	Indicative
Go to ATLANTIC WIRELESS !!	0	Imperative-Jussive
And then I noticed that I cheat a little bit when I write them down .	12	Indicative
0 - Number of coffins of dead soldiers returning home that the Bush administration has permitted to be photographed .	14	Indicative
The credit guys are currently assuming that there is no correlation and may consequently be double dipping the credit reserve on this basis too .	8	Indicative
I specially did n't say anything about the colour because I did n't want to muddle you up .	2	Indicative
" All you have to do is look at the photographs , " Ed Bangs , wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , told UPI 's Blue Planet ,	3	Indicative
McKenzie , a silver and bronze Paralympic medalist in wheelchair basketball , retired from the game after the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London .	12	Indicative
As a nurse I know about drug seekers .	4	Indicative
Cyclones gather their strength through scraping moisture and heat from warm ocean water that it is not the case over land .	1	Indicative
I have no inside information , but I have been following links today that strongly indicate that Google is damn serious about securing permanent control of the leading edge browser technology in Firefox .	8	Indicative
I personally have had wonderful service and if you re truely looking for a FAMILY practice ... Warner Family is the place for you .	19	Indicative
The questions answered previously referred to Mrs De Palacio 's intervention , on another occasion , and not to these comments which appeared in the Abc newspaper on 18 November .	22	Indicative
Please use this new file as opposed to the one I sent earlier .	11	Indicative
There has always been a Mexican - American cultural influence since Calif was owned by Mexico .	12	Indicative
The most important thing is that you are comfortable , and that you 're not wearing baggy or loose fitting clothing so you can make sure you 're forming and moving correctly in the mirror .	13	Indicative
This place and its sister store Peking Garden are the worst places to order from .	8	Indicative
He says , I have to have an exact ADDRESS .	1	Indicative
The minute the land was replaced by science , what is there to fight about ?	10	Indicative
This was too important a conversation to leave to the phone .	1	Indicative
It is easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sings : " I 've got a feeling , a feeling I ca n't hide ... " in front of Yoko in the film .	15	Indicative
But I got lucky because I qualified under another category to become a permanent resident .	6	Indicative
As far as the EEI goes , the only remaining issue that I 'm aware of ( aside from finalizing the LOC ) is whether we 've finished coordinating the Attachment containing the list of prior transactions .	26	Indicative
I forgot to tell you that I saw your friend on a re-run Jeopardy the other night and I almost called you but it came on at 11:30 .	1	Indicative
KENNEDY filed an opinion concurring in part , in which SOUTER , GINSBURG , and BREYER joined as to Parts I and II .	16	Indicative
He added that around 1,100 cartoons were submitted by participants from more than 60 countries and that more than 200 are on show .	1	Indicative
I feel like they did n't tell me the pitfalls before I pulled out this tile and now that I have no other options they want 5 TIMES the price ?	12	Indicative
She stole the information and gave it to another guy that did all the work .	5	Indicative
Last time I got a medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled her easily .	3	Indicative
The social status of women is far below what it was in the Western World 150 years ago .	5	Indicative
During the session , he demanded to have my physical address , which I 've always kept private as I am enrolled in a witness protection program .	5	Indicative
Remain calm and confident , and love is very likely to flourish in 2005 .	7	Indicative
And as far as scheduled visits go , I have no idea .	9	Indicative
I show that we also had 20.000 at LS HPL for the 13th .	5	Indicative
You who watch as budgets are cut in education and health care while you militarize a police force ?	14	Indicative
SQL Server verifies that the account name and password were validated when the user logged on to the system and grants access to the database , without requiring a separate logon name or password .	9	Indicative
If this is a solo jump , which constitutes the minority of skydivers , your only recourse is to ensure that at least one of your own chutes opens .	8	Indicative
You 'll notice that if you leave the flowers , the plant will become lanky and the leaves wo n't be as full or tasty .	6	Indicative
MSU does a lot of EPM studies because of how common it is here .	12	Indicative
The doctor , a woman I do n’t know , is sitting in the other chair .	6	Indicative
Aldrin has been married three times .	1	Indicative
Of course , he showed ethical lapses in judgment .	4	Indicative
He wondered if the young Auster had been any better at it than he was .	14	Indicative
The wit and wordplay of Much Ado About Nothing , the charming rural setting of As You Like It , and the lively merrymaking of Twelfth Night complete Shakespeare 's sequence of great comedies .	27	Indicative
We were standing in the store for 20 minutes to simply pick up an order .	1	Indicative
As time went on , I came out with books and CDs , and I became used to that kind of thing .	2	Indicative
DPA : Iraqi authorities announced that they had busted up 3 terrorist cells operating in Baghdad .	4	Indicative
Mr President , with your permission I should like to begin by expressing my admiration for the way in which you executed the quick changeover of the chairmanship just now during the debate .	21	Indicative
The Malaysia Tourism board was quite prominent at the main entrance to the grounds .	4	Indicative
French women are the ones to say yes , the way we say it is not usually as straigthforward as you propose to do .	21	Indicative
Then I got a bill for $ 483.00 .	2	Indicative
wheels are relatively noiseless -	1	Indicative
That is in fact the point of departure we have chosen here and I am very glad all this has been properly understood .	14	Indicative
No , but I do believe some Koreans reside in the country of HA - ha !	8	Indicative
Extensible Markup Language ( XML ) is the standard language for describing and delivering data on the Web , just as Hypertext Markup Language ( HTML ) is the standard language for creating and displaying Web pages .	6	Indicative
That 's good and well and fine with us .	1	Indicative
Again , it was a good chance for me to get to know what I can do in this field and what I have to more focus on in school .	23	Indicative
One has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these people do n't know what they are , do n't care , or know perfectly well .	14	Indicative
If you wish to pick eggs make a acrylic spawning mop .	6	Imperative-Jussive
He looked through the pile , trying to decide which one to pick .	1	Indicative
But as Harry climbed onto the window-sill there came a sudden loud screech from behind him , followed immediately by the thunder of Uncle Vernon 's voice .	3	Indicative
Along with Zawahiri , Abdel Rahman and his two sons have had considerable influence over Bin Laden .	10	Indicative
There may have been more savings opportunities for households and more diverse funding sources for firms , but the added value of asset - management activity was illusory .	1	Indicative
Though the likely answer is yes , the downside risks seem higher than they did a few decades ago .	4	Indicative
I had been very long on the road .	1	Indicative
He said to his wife , Mweta 's invited me to come back as their guest .	7	Indicative
You received this email because a Facebook member is inviting you to join Facebook .	1	Indicative
Joseph Darnand , who became an SS officer and led the Milice paramilitaries who hunted down members of the Resistance , was executed in October 1945 .	9	Indicative
That he always gets , whether he likes it or not .	3	Indicative
Balzac worked these scenes from his boyhood - as he did many aspects of his life and the lives of those around him - into La Comédie Humaine .	10	Indicative
My mom told me how to tame them and I was very happy with the results .	2	Indicative
Please contact me if you require any additional information	1	Imperative-Jussive
I had one granddaughter who survived the war .	1	Indicative
Well I recently bought the Nook Color , and I have to say that I am very happy with it .	3	Indicative
She gave me amazing pictures at an amazing price and made my wedding day so memorable .	10	Indicative
The multiple planetary afflictions are taking their toll .	4	Indicative
He makes a great point of insisting that everything in the book really happened in the world .	1	Indicative
Nearly 30,000 people packed the streets of San Francisco to pay him homage at his funeral .	3	Indicative
In the core of the city , named avenues run north / south and are named after US cities , generally in repeating alphabetical order ( for example , Winston - Yale - Allegheny - Braden ) .	9	Indicative
Greece was divided into many small , self - governing communities , a pattern largely dictated by Greek geography : every island , valley and plain is cut off from its neighbours by the sea or mountain ranges .	1	Indicative
In the medium case , investigations find that Enron ( like others ) " played by the rules , " but the rules stunk , and Enron profited at the expense of California consumers .	27	Indicative
All you need is 200 , but remember , the more you post , the more money you make !!	3	Indicative
“ Superheroes are outside of human experience and so is this , so I treated it like a drama , ” Zimmer says .	2	Indicative
Another variation is where the referee places the snitch somewhere in the field ( in this case it 's a small ball ) .	18	Indicative
If you love seeing the shows , Royal Caribbean was better for the main shows and Carnival was slightly better for the comedians .	9	Indicative
Hartpury College ( I think that is the name , but if you type it in it should come up with an alternative suggestion ) , in Gloucestershire .	6	Indicative
See http://www.gulf-news.com/Articles/news.asp?ArticleID=97508	0	Imperative-Jussive
em ... no ... the Gates foundation mainly invests in medical research and education , that means donating now adds a tremendous value compared to donating in ten years .	16	Indicative
I do n't know .	1	Indicative
The plain fact is that a few members of IT are pushing this initiative , but they lack commercial sponsorship .	17	Indicative
We will have to study several indicators , which will enable us to see the current state of regional societies that are in a worse situation than others , and how they are evolving .	21	Indicative
When the apparently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent , it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives .	21	Indicative
When creating a new password , be sure that it is at least 6 characters in length and that you use a complex string of numbers , letters , and punctuation marks .	6	Imperative-Jussive
If you have plants in your tank .	2	Indicative
A very good friend of mine highly recommended the Professional Driving School and I was told to specifically ask for Gerry .	14	Indicative
" When dandelions have set the mark of May on Wisconsin pastures , it is time to listen for the final proof of spring , " wrote Aldo Leopold in " A Sand County Almanac . "	26	Indicative
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	15	Indicative
He was most widely recognized for some of his books .	1	Indicative
We need to be more ' rigorous ' about how we perceive these people .	11	Indicative
It does n’t matter .	1	Indicative
The biggest LTTE maritime disaster was reported in the now - defunct Asiaweek in 2001 .	5	Indicative
" So let us make a deal .	2	Imperative-Jussive
But like i said nothing ever came of It .. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up ..	34	Indicative
Those who were tripped were then crushed by the wave of people behind them .	2	Indicative
brought dog home and it s all choppy now !	5	Indicative
Secondly , the enchladas did not come with enchilada sauce .. but chili ... like Hormel 's chili .. the cheese was American cheese !	4	Indicative
Students like Rai have been meeting with counsellors at the school to talk about what happened , but she said the biggest comfort has come from seeing her friends .	3	Indicative
He was scrambling back onto the chest of drawers when Uncle Vernon hammered on the unlocked door – and it crashed open .	12	Indicative
Anyone who 's stayed on is a fool if he has n't thought about that , said Bray .	2	Indicative
Timothy Odara 's eyes were closed ; leaning against the wall he kept his lips drawn back slightly , alert .	4	Indicative
But best is obviously photoshop CS5 or if you r on a macbook there s aperture :)	2	Indicative
I wonder if I 'll get that far .	1	Indicative
You made a choice to be a mommy , you do nt get a break until they move out , that s the choice that you madea and that 's life .	1	Indicative
Progressive Mérida had electric trams and street lights before Mexico City .	2	Indicative
I really want to like this place since I work right around the corner .	9	Indicative
It included three tracks cowritten with Rafferty 's brother Jim , also a singer - songwriter , who had been signed to Decca Records in the 1970s .	1	Indicative
When you take a warm shower and build up steam , his cage will collect water , the bedding will absorb much of it , and will not be able to absorb the urine quite as it should .	7	Indicative
In addressing the Cabinet shortly after German forces crossed the border , Chamberlain placed blame on both Germany and Austria .	13	Indicative
When you move a field to the column area , the unique items of data are displayed across the columns .	15	Indicative
He sits with the ease that disguises this sort of tension .	6	Indicative
The book , he says , was written in Arabic by Cid Hamete Benengali .	6	Indicative
If you graduated you were assigned a fighter , if you were not quite fighter pilot material you had no response to fly another aircraft , you were washed out .	4	Indicative
If you want reliable and inexpensive ... try Sinh Cafe / Tourist .	2	Indicative
While it 's not easy to separate fact from fiction , Attorney General Ashcroft and Director Mueller have publicly confirmed Aafia is still being sought .	17	Indicative
Rather than teaching the scientific method as a separate unit , for example , students learn science content by applying it .	15	Indicative
On Thursday , the 3rd of November , the mayor of Saint - Gaudens ( in the Haute - Garonne region ) decided to suspend the urban development agreement with the government formed in 2014 .	22	Indicative
But I would like to say that safety is a priority objective for the Commission .	8	Indicative
I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT GOING ON WITH YOU AND THE LITTLE WOMAN .	1	Indicative
Richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit .	3	Imperative-Jussive
**** sigh **** not trying to sound snooty or stuck up but I mean really !	13	Indicative
Best of all , the staff is quick on their feet and even with long lines , usually serve you in 5 minutes or less .	6	Indicative
She never looked back at me — poverty and failure and political disrepute being all , these days , contagious and synonymous .	2	Indicative
Roly rang up to see if he had arrived , and explained again – he had done so in advance by letter – that he had an official lunch to attend .	15	Indicative
Both the Irving Independent School District and the Irving Police Department have asserted that the boy 's religion and name were not a factor in the manner in which they approached the situation .	20	Indicative
If there is no male they are probably infertile !	2	Indicative
I could easily go to Nordstrom for my designer jeans and pay the same price , but I go to the Garment District for their service .	18	Indicative
I was told to take my coffee to go if I wanted to finish it .	1	Indicative
Feels like you are in Brooklyn , but people watching is entertaining .	0	Indicative
I have been here before and the service was absoulutely great .	8	Indicative
Numbered streets run East / West with Main Street and the Arkansas River as the dividing line .	2	Indicative
If your washing machine is worth its salt , it will undo those straps in a heartbeat and tie them in a sheet bend unless you prevent it .	26	Indicative
The Board of Muslim clerics in Fallujah , 50 km west of Baghdad , " condemned the assassination and promised immediate revenge against the coalition soldiers in Iraq . "	19	Indicative
It is neither desirable nor feasible for China to return to the trajectory of 10 % annual growth that it achieved in the three decades after 1980 .	1	Indicative
why do you think they are mean ?	5	Indicative
On January 8 , 1880 , Norton collapsed at the corner of California and Dupont ( now Grant ) streets and died before he could be given medical treatment .	7	Indicative
It differs from the western portion of the country in that its prominent topographic features do not parallel the coast .	15	Indicative
I love to play with that and I am always looking for muses that fit that bill because it is so interesting making a collection when I find one .	27	Indicative
Golden Age Spanish or Early Modern Spanish is the variant of the language that constitutes the transition from Medieval Spanish to Modern Spanish .	14	Indicative
I 'm assuming it 's to scare off predators / like how they will puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies .	1	Indicative
Again Dr. Fortier threw rocks at the bear and again its target was able to escape .	3	Indicative
I 've never been a smoker & am a very strong anti-smoker , but I 'm an over-eater & so I know how hard it is to change a habit .	15	Indicative
He also said that London was going to be hiring 120 people to deal with the Credit Derivatives business .	5	Indicative
I 've dined at lots of high - end restaurants and I 've never before felt my money was so well spent .	18	Indicative
Many of these products use natural ingredients , such as peppermint , that are known to be disagreeable to mice .	13	Indicative
The suspicion was founded on many false premises , and there was no reliable publicly known evidence indicating his guilt .	2	Indicative
But the time had not yet come for such a step .	3	Indicative
What followed the next day is considered by the governor and Dunn to be the pivotal moment of the energy crisis .	1	Indicative
Ashdown Horse Transport were fantastic !	3	Indicative
The receptionist of " Hand made " , the former film making company of George Harrison said : " we do n't have any relation with that man anymore and we do n't want to know anything about him " .	31	Indicative
Do you strip every woman because one pretended to be pregnant and carried a suicide bomb on her belly ?	0	Indicative
Subject : Re : NASA IS A WASTE !	5	Indicative
We 're quite far from our goals currently , but we take comfort in the fact that every month wikiHow gets noticeably better and larger	20	Indicative
Doves are a species of pigeon , they are Seed eaters , they do not eat bread , or worms .	8	Indicative
i do nt know what it is , but since a very young age i have had a strange but very gratifying urge to torture or maime animals .	6	Indicative
Amnesty chief spokesman Mike Blakemore said : " It 's unbelievable that no one can account for 200,000 assault rifles .	5	Indicative
BC Gas wo n't sign the confirms with the rep in , and this has caused much difficulties .	14	Indicative
She returned to Kuwait recently and observed that the men now walked several yards behind their wives .	11	Indicative
I heard that more may be going up for sale in the next month or do .	1	Indicative
And , in 1999 Europol ’s mandate was extended to include money counterfeiting [ 4 ] .	7	Indicative
Well that ’s kind of an unending war , so do we want NATO to exist , do we want there to be a Western military alliance that carries out these activities , with no pretense of defense ?	10	Indicative
ALITO filed a dissenting opinion , in which SCALIA and THOMAS joined as to Parts I through III .	1	Indicative
Then I nearly fell into a very narrow ravine , almost no more than a scar in the hillside .	3	Indicative
Her fourth-year student project was a painting of a hotel in the form of a bridge , inspired by the works of the Russian suprematist artist Kazimir Malevich	4	Indicative
Argentina and Venezuela have run out of heterodox policy tricks .	3	Indicative
I am no fanatical defender of profits for pharmaceutical industry multinationals .	1	Indicative
Almost at once , Harry wished he had n't spoken .	7	Indicative
Yer a mess ! said Hagrid gruffly , brushing soot off Harry so forcefully he nearly knocked him into a barrel of dragon dung outside an apothecary 's .	16	Indicative
You ’ve probably got them just the way you like them , but if you move the adjusters up or down on the straps occasionally , the straps will last longer .	1	Indicative
If you are moving the line away from the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows larger .	2	Indicative
The top two are going ' head to head ' in a final vote on that opens on Wednesday on - http://www.stuff.co.nz/dominion-post/	3	Indicative
Using Alvarez 's dipole antenna to achieve a very high angular resolution , GCA allows ground - based radar operators watching special precision displays to guide a landing airplane to the runway by transmitting verbal commands to the pilot .	17	Indicative
If his Democrat opponent were to be elected , he assured that she would be ' under investigation for years ' .	4	Indicative
But word of advice if you 're get your girlfriend a laptop make sure it s a good brand a not something like DELL , Acer , Asus , eMachines etc .	6	Indicative
I spoke with Jeff Hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from Peoples regarding Audit Rights .	1	Indicative
Shakespeare has also inspired many painters , including the Romantics and the Pre - Raphaelites .	1	Indicative
For example , after we 've opened up by asking about this person 's interest in the band in his / her username , it 's logical and reasonable to ask about this person 's musical likes and dislikes .	5	Indicative
There is a proper balanced way to achieve the rights that everybody here wants to see .	1	Indicative
In addition , XML defined structures are unambiguous ; that is , they are self-describing and platform-independent .	13	Indicative
Let me know if you have any questions .	0	Imperative-Jussive
The multi-ethnic Achaemenid army possessed many soldiers from the Balkans .	4	Indicative
" As an example , consider the treatment of the civet cat , a highly intelligent and sociable animal .	5	Imperative-Jussive
As noted earlier , all analyses were weighted according to the survey weight provided by the Add Health research staff and standard errors were corrected for the clustering and stratification that defined the sampling strategy .	6	Indicative
The Globe opened in autumn 1599 , with Julius Caesar one of the first plays staged .	15	Indicative
Tet made it clear that the war was a long way from being over if the Americans thought they could preserve the South and that the North was perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight .	7	Indicative
Even my PA i went to the other day said " it must by comforting to have gone to a heart surgeon like him who will do nothing for you " .	4	Indicative
See you all there - this is ling overdue	6	Indicative
A page that uses a Microsoft Office PivotTable Component	3	Indicative
It was the middle of the afternoon , in the heat , in Africa ;	1	Indicative
There is a wonderful quote attributed to Einstein — " If we knew what we were doing , it would n't be called " research " , would it ? "	12	Indicative
She is also nicer when we are both alone .	6	Indicative
How was your trip to Des Moines ?	1	Indicative
If no one objects , I will be the lead coordinator on Florida starting tomorrow .	3	Indicative
Caldwell insurance has been doing our insurance for a couple years now and they have been extremely thorough .	2	Indicative
He is kind of hate walking with leash , every time I put the leash on , he will try to bite it .	12	Indicative
We do everything backwards here .	1	Indicative
However , as you will see , the questions I thought of got kinda long - but I think we need answers for all of them .	20	Indicative
I see that we are scheduled to have lunch today .	1	Indicative
This is important , but so is enforcement and there are , of course , a number of reasons why we need to pay particular attention to this .	6	Indicative
The young Hasid recoils when the tray is handed to me .	7	Indicative
They say , " You know what you smell ? " .	8	Indicative
11 . In Events of Default , clause ( a ) refers to a dispute section which I 'm not sure exists .	18	Indicative
This group does sound pretty interesting though .	2	Indicative
We tried 4 different style of donuts , they were all the same when it came to quality .	9	Indicative
Bray felt he must be somewhere about ; it was difficult to imagine this time without him .	9	Indicative
They said that we were to be charged for this room regardless because we did not cancel within the 72 hours .	4	Indicative
Balzac influenced the writers of his time and beyond .	1	Indicative
They 're fit and healthy and their care is suitable .	1	Indicative
There is no evidence that homeopathy is more effective than placebo for any condition .	1	Indicative
In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .	6	Indicative
Birds eat and sleep with their flock , not predators .	1	Indicative
I did n't have a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake your hand .	1	Indicative
You can make other noises if you prefer , such as a bird cawing or an explosion sound every time a button is pushed .	7	Indicative
This is one example of what happens when Bush gets a question that he has n't anticipated .	14	Indicative
I came in 30 min before close and the staff was super helpful .	1	Indicative
Republican economists caution against taking this data as proof that their party is lousy at economic policy .	2	Indicative
You know the barbers under the mango trees there just before you get to the second-class trading area ?	12	Indicative
Stephen Wheeler , the editor , worked Kipling hard , but Kipling 's need to write was unstoppable .	16	Indicative
I realize they are young and that cats do climb , but this is just ridiculous .	3	Indicative
For those with a larger appetite for the scenery and a larger budget , there are some hotel complexes much closer to the action with views of parts of the falls .	15	Indicative
With divisions , EOL does request a new Password Application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below .	18	Indicative
Makes for easy delivery at childbirth .	0	Indicative
We are much safer today on board ship due to SOLAS , and I suppose if any good came out of the Titanic tragedy , the adoption of SOLAS is probably it .	1	Indicative
I have never been and I will never be a Government official and I have no privileged information .	14	Indicative
You people think it is race , but it is not .	2	Indicative
With Bush , the aggressive militarism of the Bush administration , as predicted , induced Russia to extend further its offensive military capacity ; it ’s still going on right now .	14	Indicative
Wish this was in Saratoga --	0	Indicative
Countless times , Harry had been on the point of unlocking Hedwig 's cage by magic and sending her to Ron and Hermione with a letter , but it was n't worth the risk .	29	Indicative
So do n't be afraid to get something a little bigger than " perfect " just in case you hit a growth spurt .	3	Imperative-Jussive
Pewter is perfect for what you are doing , and it melts on a stove top .	1	Indicative
Well , what is the problem ?	3	Indicative
Twice , when his scavenging haul had been unusually large , he returned to the hotel in the middle of the day and remerged a few minutes later with an empty bag .	23	Indicative
Jealousy of your achievements or seeming lifestyle can cause another person to feel smug or arrogant about something they think they do better than you or own / have that you do n't .	26	Indicative
Cures kidney and gall bladder troubles , gastric trouble , dyspepsia , acidity , dysentery , obesity and liver diseases .	0	Indicative
Then he leaned back on the sofa and looked Quinn in the eyes .	2	Indicative
What representation did the Commissioner receive from the United Kingdom Government about this dire emergency ?	2	Indicative
Harry looked nothing like the rest of the family .	1	Indicative
His father Mohamed El-Hassan Mohamed said he was taking his entire family to the U.N. headquarters in New York , because international dignitaries wanted to meet with his son and express their support .	23	Indicative
As soon as they leave they are forgotten .	6	Indicative
then i told her i felt i should be able to screw missy just once .	2	Indicative
The Commission said it had no legal grounds for such an exclusion .	2	Indicative
So I have a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for and one of them is my best friend .	20	Indicative
My ties to the Republican party date back to 1979 , when I volunteered for Ronald Reagan and his campaign in New Hampshire .	13	Indicative
Well I think a blown engine falls under the catagory of mechanics right ?	6	Indicative
This means the experimenter does n't know which ants belong to which treatment , so it 's impossible to influence the results with ' observer bias ' .	4	Indicative
I 'm wary of jumping into this fray without backup , that 's for damn sure . :)	12	Indicative
Believe it or not , but the channel guide has been most helpful to my family members that visit and do n't know where to start when it comes to watching satellite tv .	20	Indicative
From the west , the A59 and the M62 provide connections from Liverpool and Manchester , and from the north the A1 and the A19 link York with Tyneside , Northumberland and south-eastern Scotland .	9	Indicative
He did make a point , however , of leaving her " my second best bed " , a bequest that has led to much speculation .	21	Indicative
The town 's death toll may be " in the hundreds " , municipal spokesman Vincent Creel said .	17	Indicative
Neither one of us had ever been - so we thought we 'd try it .	10	Indicative
The hottest item on Christmas wish lists this year is nuclear weapons .	9	Indicative
What started as a routine ultrasound became complicated when expectant mother Margaret Boemer , of Plano , Texas , was told her unborn child had a rare condition and needed surgery to survive .	1	Indicative
It surrounds you .	1	Indicative
Elsewhere you die and disintegrate .	2	Indicative
The pizza is usually pretty good , the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more , but it was still good .	13	Indicative
And yet it seemed to throw a kind of light .	3	Indicative
In the 18 th and 19 th centuries , his reputation also spread abroad .	12	Indicative
They already have rights to take it , alter it , and release those changes to the world - this is what the whole open source thing is about .	20	Indicative
I found that the lion , in place of his sword , now held a rather large plaque .	13	Indicative
I honestly have no idea what to expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of the embassies costs by the minute - which I really do n't have the money for .	23	Indicative
This was an unhappy time in his life , during which he attempted suicide on a bridge over the Loire River .	1	Indicative
Noam Chomsky is a professor emeritus at Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Linguistics and Philosophy .	2	Indicative
I sent my wife and daughter over to check out a pre-owned 2009 XF .	1	Indicative
Wiki Media Foundation , the group behind the Wikipedia online encyclopedia project , said Friday that search giant Google has volunteered to host some of its content on company servers .	19	Indicative
From childhood to old age they remained the same , and a man with the head to see it could theoretically look into the eyes of a boy in a photograph and recognize the same person as an old man .	6	Indicative
By exercising any rights to the work provided here , you accept and agree to be bound by the terms of this license .	11	Indicative
can you please give me an update on where you are in the negotiations of the ISDA with the following counterparties and confirm which Enron entity you are negotiating on behalf of .	27	Indicative
Your setup needs to be both realistic and exaggerated in order to be funny —	2	Indicative
These are not household type alarms .	1	Indicative
Montalvo had read an article in the Scientology propaganda publication Freedom Magazine , which attacked high-ranking defectors from the organization including Tom Devocht and Mark Rathbun .	1	Indicative
I apologize , I 'm on the road and have n't heard when that will be .	1	Indicative
I do n't know about this ... but the pale Cockney who was teaching him to take over his job said , That 's okay , chum , it 's our ole friend Mr. Kabata .	20	Indicative
Take care and hope to hear from you soon .	0	Imperative-Jussive
The inscription on it was fading away , so I should set it down here as it was then , and ask my readers to ponder it :	17	Indicative
I 've been given the opportunity to live in Limerick , Ireland , next year as part of my course .. if you know about Limerick , what are the pros and cons ?	1	Indicative
When Tulsa expanded beyond the bounds of its original plat , the expanded areas were platted in alignment with the points of the compass .	14	Indicative
I shoot a t1i and have n't had such an issue .	1	Indicative
My parents did n't send for my birth certificate until I was 16 and needed it for summer employment .	2	Indicative
Recently we were listed in New Hampshire and nationally with Politics1 .	2	Indicative
I hope you have found this information helpful .	3	Indicative
HTML , while well suited for providing text and image display information for Web browsers , is limited in its ability to define data and data structures .	16	Indicative
Most scholars now accept that Shakespeare wrote A Lover 's Complaint .	6	Indicative
It is therefore unacceptable to compel the Member States to apply increases that are actually above the rate of inflation .	13	Indicative
Randy , this is the issue I left you the voice mail on .	7	Indicative
They may look young but do n't let that fool you , as their knowledge of music far surpassed what we expected .	21	Indicative
Do I need a protein skimmer or any other equipment ?	0	Indicative
Robb says it is " like an experimental novel in which the female protagonist is always trying to pull in extraneous realities but which the hero is determined to keep on course , whatever tricks he has to use .	36	Indicative
It is literally monkey see and monkey do with them .	1	Indicative
No worries , i did n't try .	4	Indicative
Most people have n't gone to work the last few days , although it seems that the rest of Baghdad is ' normal ' ( if you can define what normal is ) .	2	Indicative
I use Queensland half - hourly price during 13 December , 1998 - 30 June 2001 giving about 44,000 price observations .	1	Indicative
If the button is not selected , selecting new items to filter automatically turns filtering on and removes your former filter settings .	13	Indicative
I just called again and was told that workmanship , not wood , is guaranteed for a year - well in my opinion - the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship !	2	Indicative
His wife was listening , laughing softly , sitting back majestically for a moment .	2	Indicative
She is the one that ca n't afford to do anything else for him in case he does n't recover fully .	1	Indicative
The young Pettigrew woman was always in a state of enthusiasm ;	4	Indicative
In the time it takes me to explain she grasps and loses the words , grasps and loses phrases as they go past .	15	Indicative
Call if you have questions or if I can be of any help .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Thank you Mike for all your help professionally and personally .	0	Indicative
Not necessarily the restaurant but what you order when you get there and what time you go .	16	Indicative
All I can say is that I am glad I went in !	4	Indicative
Also , you can set the line style of borders . For example , you can specify that a border consists of dashes or dots .	20	Indicative
Evelyn Odara spoke to her husband as no local woman would dare ; yet he ignored it , as if turning the tables on her with his countrymen 's assumption that what women said was not heard , anyway .	2	Indicative
It seemed to go on for hours .	1	Indicative
This step seems trivial , but it is really the most important part !	7	Indicative
There 's no other candidate – since he is the only one who accompanies Don Quixote on all his adventures .	13	Indicative
http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemID=1361&itemType=PRODUCT&path=1%2C3%2C477&iProductID=1361 If anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird .	5	Indicative
Feel free to cut and paste and leave your comments , as these viewpoints cover the entire gamut surrounding the event .	14	Indicative
By comparing my observations to what my colleagues and predecessors had found , I figured out what group it belongs to , and was able to determine that within that group , it was a new species .	33	Indicative
It can be a little on the spicy side but just ask them exactly what you want and they are very helpful .	16	Indicative
For more information , see MSDN Online .	4	Imperative-Jussive
Indeed , their reports are filled with tales of the " atrocities " of Indian troops on the innocent jihadis .	4	Indicative
The Ukrainian crisis may prove helpful , though that appears less likely now – which may be a good thing to the extent that one unintended consequence could be a loan to Ukraine that is larger than it really needs .	27	Indicative
" The effects of iodine deficiency are dependent upon how severe it is and when it occurs .	16	Indicative
The committee voted to give NASA $ 16.4 billion in 2005 , about $ 200 million more than what the President requested and over $ 1 billion more than what House appropriators approved in July . "	32	Indicative
I am Lady Kingel and I hail from the United Legit Gaming Guilds of Guild Wars .	1	Indicative
The scientists found reduction of crop yields by 2050 exceeded 10 % of 2000 levels , substantially decreasing food security , in all cases examined .	2	Indicative
Our fence was installed quickly in August and they had their money and left saying " Workmanship is guaranteed for a year ! " .	17	Indicative
But a degree of protection is not the same as absolute cover against a host of things at the expense of something similar .	5	Indicative
We are hopeful that we can post the complaint to the UCAN web site later today .	1	Indicative
It is registered as a UNESCO World Heritage Site .	1	Indicative
The letter bombs were sent in connection with the treatment of the Egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the WTC and a related plot .	3	Indicative
Dudley , who was so large his bottom drooped over either side of the kitchen chair , grinned and turned to Harry .	8	Indicative
Please review the process below :	1	Imperative-Jussive
Microsoft Access provides several techniques to help you analyze data .	2	Indicative
News of the retreat came as a great shock to Danish public opinion which had considered the Danevirke to be impregnable , and General de Meza was promptly relieved of his command .	4	Indicative
To sign up for a brand new account , enter your name , birthday , gender , and email address into the form on www.facebook.com .	9	Imperative-Jussive
I realize baseball is just a game .	3	Indicative
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to work , to free choice of employment , to just and favourable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment .	4	Indicative
A string of islands and reefs along the eastern edge of the Group shelters the area from strong winds and ocean swellS and humpback whales come to these protected waters to give birth .	25	Indicative
The radar system for which Alvarez is best known and which has played a major role in aviation , most particularly in the post war Berlin airlift , was Ground Controlled Approach ( GCA ) .	6	Indicative
" Will they print it ? " she asked .	8	Indicative
We arrived Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked .	1	Indicative
Nevertheless , poet and critic John Dryden rated Shakespeare highly , saying of Jonson , " I admire him , but I love Shakespeare " .	7	Indicative
There 's the market in Naha , which is great .	8	Indicative
Evidently , this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now .	8	Indicative
These guys know what they 're doing !	5	Indicative
It is complicated because it deals with all nine separately and it is necessary to submit amendments in nine sets .	5	Indicative
Much of the violence aimed at American forces is coming from disgruntled Sunni factions that have their own militias , believe the last elections were a sham , and hold little political power in the government .	15	Indicative
" Just as his father had worked his way up from poverty into respectable society , Balzac considered toil and effort his real mark of nobility .	5	Indicative
A pirate electronic version is available but not in French .	4	Indicative
One of the most famous plants is the dragon 's blood tree “ dracaena cinnabara ” which exists only on Socotra and nowhere else on the Earth .	6	Indicative
Hilary Braysmith , USI associate professor of art history , said , " I think his photography is equally influential as his graphic works , his more famous pictures of Marilyn .	10	Indicative
From 1918 to 1939 , international economic cooperation was hard to come by – in large part because all of the attempted deals were put together at high - profile international conferences .	8	Indicative
It is Enpower No. 295870 .	1	Indicative
- In terms of costs , the evaluator found that some of the projects were particularly costly and highlighted specific cost items .	14	Indicative
Initiatives aimed at enhancing the public 's knowledge of nutrition are also crucial – not least because they can motivate citizens to pressure their governments to take action .	10	Indicative
So showing the Paralympics live on United States television might turn out to be less glamorous than it appears .	18	Indicative
I do n't remember the exact cost but remember thinking how inexpensive it was .	13	Indicative
How Do you Prevent A Dwarf Hamster Escaping From The Cage ?	1	Indicative
Harry , on the other hand , was small and skinny , with brilliant green eyes and jet-black hair that was always untidy .	20	Indicative
In addition , if you choose to use Facebook from your mobile device , please note that you will be responsible for any fees associated with internet usage and / or text messaging as determined by your mobile service provider .	5	Indicative
While it 's not easy to separate fact from fiction , Attorney General Ashcroft and Director Mueller have publicly confirmed Aafia is still being sought .	21	Indicative
A silver swarm coalesces around the 164th , and she vanishes into it , like a snip of scallion into cloudy miso soup .	3	Indicative
You know I am not used to such ceremonies , and there was something ominous in the atmosphere .	12	Indicative
Since Emperor Meiji , it has been customary to have one era per Emperor and to rename each Emperor after his death using the name of the era over which he presided .	5	Indicative
Remember seeing " Stop Making Sense " at Cinema 21 multiple times !	0	Indicative
There is an old saying that applies in this situation : " Act in haste , repent at leisure . "	1	Indicative
Only a small minority of academics believe there is reason to question the traditional attribution , but interest in the subject , particularly the Oxfordian theory of Shakespeare authorship , continues into the 21 st century .	6	Indicative
In the current study , the responses from two children were not included because they responded the same way to every item through the training and all test items .	10	Indicative
The appointment was for ten , said Quinn , glancing at his watch .	6	Indicative
I have a siamese lynx name Star we called her that because she has a star pattern on her face .	8	Indicative
But I also see that as a fatal misconception , which is doing Sunnis harm , because I do n't believe the US is going anywhere so soon .	18	Indicative
The elderly servant who brought ice and lemon had the nicks at the outer corner of the eyes that Northern Gala people wore .	4	Indicative
If you want to make other languages , you can use this language as a model and change some letters or sounds to create a different language .	2	Indicative
Magazines constantly change their policy on it ; they want it , they do n't want it ...	9	Indicative
Most playwrights of the period typically collaborated with others at some point , and critics agree that Shakespeare did the same , mostly early and late in his career .	15	Indicative
It was only months and months afterwards , when I made the attempt to recover what was left of the body , that I heard the original quarrel arose from a misunderstanding about some hens .	10	Indicative
" What we know is that he 's always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their enemies , " former CIA OBL unit counter terrorism chief Michael Scheuer has said .	11	Indicative
This is also important where the prerequisites for the internal market are concerned .	11	Indicative
We show opt-out advertising to anonymous visitors rather than ask for donations .	1	Indicative
And yes , I do like him .	4	Indicative
As for Ted , things are still going well although I have n't see him at all this week ( we are two very busy people ) .	11	Indicative
Looks like the kids had a great time !	4	Indicative
Had to go the the bus boy s station ourselves to get napkins .	0	Indicative
How much does it cost to buy a Big Mac meal in your area ?	2	Indicative
It is always interesting what spin the press will take .	1	Indicative
One suspects that earlier reviewer works for another laundry .	5	Indicative
Last week , at least 76 people were killed when the Al-Ghaza Hotel near the Masjid Al-Haram ( Grand Mosque ) collasped , the cause of which is unknown .	27	Indicative
I have a few questions , first I want to start a sump filter , but I have no idea on how the water intake and water return would work .	1	Indicative
So they are 3 times larger than us and they have all the oil in the world .	2	Indicative
They seemed to be no more than broken things , discarded things , stray bits of junk .	1	Indicative
I called them back a few hours after putting my Bodhi down and they still would n't budge .	1	Indicative
Show All	0	Imperative-Jussive
I have known this guy for a long time , but we 've never been good friends or anything .	1	Indicative
My fear and discomfort from dental work scared me !	7	Indicative
They can smell it so i 'm sure he knows what it is and just do n't want it .	6	Indicative
The quote is from an article entitled " Vegetarianism and ` The Other Weight Problem ' "	2	Indicative
Hancocks is one of four fabric stores in Fort Smith .	1	Indicative
In an imperial decree the following month , Norton summoned the Army to depose the elected officials of the U.S. Congress :	9	Indicative
Gloria developed severe eczema at the age of four months and the parents were advised to send the child to a skin specialist .	13	Indicative
It would certainly be counterproductive to make an offer , as some have already tried , when the Russians want nothing to do with it .	12	Indicative
Would it be possible , he wondered , to stand up before the world and with the utmost conviction spew out lies and nonsense ?	6	Indicative
I am forwarding for your attention the resume of Peter Percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems .	12	Indicative
He graduated very high in his class , from Princeton undergraduate and from Law School at Yale .	1	Indicative
I believe it is workable , though it may be somewhat complicated .	1	Indicative
It affects people and it reaches them at different times and on different issues .	5	Indicative
Oh I 'll tell you who 's still around though – Barry Forsyth .	6	Indicative
They are adorable they have beautiful colors and personality .	1	Indicative
The new Hotline phone number is 713-853-3044 .	5	Indicative
If you don't see the button , you can't subscribe .	2	Indicative
Everyone ’s an individual , so there are no hard and fast rules .	7	Indicative
I hope to be back !	1	Indicative
Prideful people have a strong need to look good , and being self-sufficient is an effective way to do that .	2	Indicative
For example , I actually forgot to feed my cat , and they went out of their way to take care of him .	13	Indicative
The question is the story itself , and whether or not it means something is not for the story to tell .	12	Indicative
He 's getting used to his new home , but has n't eatin yet .	10	Indicative
I said I should have to learn my way round all over again .	1	Indicative
There he rented rooms from a French Huguenot named Christopher Mountjoy , a maker of ladies ' wigs and other headgear .	8	Indicative
He himself fitted a cat-flap in the bedroom door , so that small amounts of food could be pushed inside three times a day .	2	Indicative
Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy , even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery ( as he had twice stated i must agree to ) .	2	Indicative
Bush asked for permission to go to Alabama to work on a Senate campaign .	1	Indicative
If you do n't practice , then nothing happens .	2	Indicative
" If Donald Trump becomes president , the government here will still have to work with him to advance whatever shared agenda there is , to ensure that Canadian businesses and interests are represented in Washington . "	32	Indicative
Everything about the place is magical and the people are mostly friendly .	4	Indicative
My 8 year old daughter loves this place .	5	Indicative
Now that Michelle is in your fold , do you want to reconsider her being the contact person with AAA on this ?	8	Indicative
These days there are around 20000 people living in the Group .	3	Indicative
For the last few years there have been tensions with Iran ’s nuclear program with word coming this week that a deal was reached through the European Union that meets with the approval of the International Atomic Energy Agency .	22	Indicative
" The magazine failed , but in July 1840 he founded another publication , the Revue Parisienne .	10	Indicative
No silverware , asked for a spoon for my son s mac and cheese ended up having to use my tea spoon .	14	Indicative
" That is certainly the assumption on which the London market has been built and the line that successive governments have peddled .	20	Indicative
Sussex have four toes .	1	Indicative
Madam President , I would like to thank Mr Poettering for advertising this debate .	4	Indicative
I have been here a few times for oil changes and just got my tires , alignment and state inspection done yesterday .	1	Indicative
The bartender is a douchebag and he has a little console behind the bar where he can delete songs he does n't like , and you end up paying for it .	7	Indicative
your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey .	2	Indicative
I just called this number and it is a Ralph 's Market .	2	Indicative
Now when I was a little chap I had a passion for maps .	8	Indicative
The media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as " liberals . "	3	Indicative
The guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the furniture quickly , Ahmed , was nice and mostly professional , except the semi-sketchiness .	3	Indicative
And without that it is extremely difficult to guard against clerical errors in this climate .	4	Indicative
Of course , you would then be in a position to sell calls again if the stock makes a bounce .	17	Indicative
They 've only been there for 10 years .	1	Indicative
I 'll choose the one that sounds the best after looking into all the fish :)	6	Indicative
It also helps to mask the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning .	12	Indicative
Had Harry been stupid to take Dobby seriously ?	0	Indicative
When i say jiu - jitsu or mma i mean it !	9	Indicative
They bake bread fresh daily , they do n't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it , and the meat is always fresh .	7	Indicative
A bus that runs through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her , but I could n't do it .	10	Indicative
Hjalmar 's as gentle as a lamb and he has to keep the peace somehow .	9	Indicative
This commitment is important because the Commission is a body with a monopoly of initiative in accordance with the Treaties and , therefore , basically dictates this Parliament 's political and legislative activity for the next five years .	2	Indicative
However , if you can wait til 2:00 pm to eat , go ahead and grab something and expense it !	15	Imperative-Jussive
The lime green Skittles add a sourness to the drink , so if you want one that 's sweet , leave the green ones out and add them to their own bottle for a sour lime vodka .	4	Indicative
It can be a little on the spicy side but just ask them exactly what you want and they are very helpful .	11	Imperative-Jussive
Everything is white and hospital-like but there ’s no examining couch .	1	Indicative
Well it is the wrong one , because I told you this morning I wanted the round flat bottle put in the fridge .	2	Indicative
These words are much more dangerous than many people realize .	9	Indicative
Put the camera on manual focus and set focus to infinity	7	Imperative-Jussive
The only 10.0 " Perfect Score " AVVO Rated Attorney I Have Ever Met .	11	Indicative
But I 've done hundreds of dog introductions myself ( another place , I do n't work here ) , and owners can have unrealistic expectations and views of what they see when their dogs meet other dogs .	14	Indicative
We REALLY enjoyed our balcony -- coffee in the mornings , drinks at night , standing outside when docking and leaving port -- however , it is quite a bit more expensive .	26	Indicative
Here was the symbolic attainment of something he had believed in , willed and worked for , for a good stretch of his life :	14	Indicative
What happened to McGowan ?	1	Indicative
The house they had bought , filled with possessions that had been stored all the years they were in Africa , the garden they had made , spoke for them .	25	Indicative
On the other hand though , if I 'm a client he should really of called back by now because you do n't leave a customer hanging .	8	Indicative
They really are milking the incompetence angle though , are n't they ?	2	Indicative
I have finally found a mechanic I trust !!	1	Indicative
I thought the US government was looking for me .	1	Indicative
Well , it 's yours , said Quinn .	3	Indicative
The People 's Independence Party , at the time , had taken Harvey 's remark as an insulting reference to Mweta 's hair ; he still had it all , and it certainly would be in evidence on Tuesday .	26	Indicative
Since you asked for input , I hope that you do n't mind that I gave you some .	10	Indicative
Do your self a favor and do not go to this establishment .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Indian intelligence 's lackluster performance in dealing with the LTTE is startling .	10	Indicative
DNA is the only way to test this .	1	Indicative
GOODWYN : Archibald says the frequency with which Mr. Bush discussed the subject was off - putting to him .	10	Indicative
How much is a big mac in your country ?	2	Indicative
Like the sushi , do n't like the pad thai .	4	Indicative
Cape Town 's local government is the City of Cape Town , which is a metropolitan municipality .	5	Indicative
First , the nature of such an investigation is that we lack sufficient information to second - guess ( or even know ) what the FBI is doing .	8	Indicative
Chatham Motors have a range of nice rental vans available as well and they provide pretty good service for both visitors and locals .	14	Indicative
Importantly , studying eye movements offers an insight that does not depend on the participants ’ beliefs , memories or subjective impressions of the artwork .	9	Indicative
I cried the entire way home .	1	Indicative
Mr Mason stayed just long enough to tell the Dursleys that his wife was mortally afraid of birds of all shapes and sizes , and to ask whether this was their idea of a joke .	13	Indicative
The one time I actually booked through a travel agent I did not get all of the amenities I had paid for .	19	Indicative
The sauce was dry and the enchiladas did not taste good . at all .	2	Indicative
Like his father , he added the aristocratic - sounding particle to help him fit into respected society , but it was a choice based on skill , not birthright .	21	Indicative
Ron Weasley was outside Harry 's window .	2	Indicative
But he was an inside / outside cat ( only one I owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats ) .	12	Indicative
To my surprise $ 20 deposit .... New movies not on shelf .. under the counter for Telugu Speaking people only ... or people who spend $ 30 or more groceries ..	25	Indicative
This is NOT an Enron - sponsored event .	1	Indicative
One resident of New Orleans said escaping from the storm was " hell " .	10	Indicative
Wikinews has learned that according to an Internet posting made just over 24 hours ago , the Church of Scientology 's website is being attacked by hackers , causing the site to shut down .	1	Indicative
Introduces the word gambit .	0	Indicative
it 's no good running to the magistrate if someone needs an ambulance to take him to the next town , for instance ...	10	Indicative
To tell the truth , this 's the first time for a week we 've had time to sit down to eat .	14	Indicative
Well that ’s kind of an unending war , so do we want NATO to exist , do we want there to be a Western military alliance that carries out these activities , with no pretense of defense ?	17	Indicative
Annoying , you know , to hold your own coat like a parasol over a man 's head while he is coming-to .	20	Indicative
All Harry 's spellbooks , his wand , robes , cauldron and top-of-the-range Nimbus Two Thousand broomstick had been locked in a cupboard under the stairs by Uncle Vernon the instant Harry had come home .	33	Indicative
So huge in fact , that Toronto slang is influenced by and has Jamaican references , and Jamaican beef patties are staples in my high school cafeteria .	20	Indicative
Then he turned to look at Ron , who was watching him almost nervously , as though waiting for his opinion .	9	Indicative
I have a friend who came here from Bulgaria after winning a green card in a lottery .	1	Indicative
I feel like they did n't tell me the pitfalls before I pulled out this tile and now that I have no other options they want 5 TIMES the price ?	1	Indicative
Security measures are strict on flights to Israel , the bags are searched , the men are frisked , and the women have an electronic hoop passed over them , fore-and-aft .	22	Indicative
When she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney .	2	Indicative
The following illustration shows what the data will look like after the Category field has been removed .	14	Indicative
Yes you can carry your duty free bottles , and liquids onto your connection as it is only a domestic flight :-)	16	Indicative
Above all , never surrender to terror .	4	Imperative-Jussive
Our strength is in our unity and harmony .	2	Indicative
We continue to depend on this same virtuous cycle : More readers , means more editors , which creates better instructions , leading again to more readers .	1	Indicative
According to the city 's police department , a fight broke out after " a large group of people ... who identified themselves as district authorities " arrived on set on Tuesday .	10	Indicative
Let us know and we can add it , and make any other changes you 'd like to make at this end .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Staff exchange has , nonetheless , gained ground and has now become a standard feature of Pericles .	2	Indicative
As a result , north of the Andaman Islands , Bangladeshi coastal areas have become a nest of terrorists involved in the shipment of drugs and arms .	13	Indicative
Another unique custom ( and a dying one at that ) is the Pioneers .	11	Indicative
I feel like they did n't tell me the pitfalls before I pulled out this tile and now that I have no other options they want 5 TIMES the price ?	4	Indicative
I have the HTC Evo .	1	Indicative
His more unusual accolades include global ambassador for New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation , and a place at Harvard Business School .	4	Indicative
After talking with Professors Titman , Ronn , Brown and Jemison , I was sure that the School was the right place to get the education I was looking for .	18	Indicative
I think that this is for you since I do n't know any of these people .	1	Indicative
And that 's what they call living , that life at the grindstone , doing the same thing over and over again ....	2	Indicative
This was a terrible experience and I hope that no one else goes through that .	12	Indicative
To truly make a glowstick without breaking an already-made glowstick and shoving its contents into a tube ( also known as cheating ) , you 've gotta let your inner scientist out ( along with a few dollars ) .	25	Indicative
" Snowman did n't think anything of Johnny Carson getting a step ladder and sitting back to front on him , " he adds .	2	Indicative
Please remember : there is NO such thing .	4	Indicative
Similarly , the dot-com bubble that preceded this period was marked by innovation – Web sites through which one could order dog food and soft drinks online .	9	Indicative
You can also sometimes find someone who owns a pet snake .	7	Indicative
My mother is bewildered , her face turned up towards me .	2	Indicative
and when I say go home it means to go in the cage .	7	Indicative
This is what has held the Jews together for thousands of years .	3	Indicative
The menu has the usual but then they step it up another notch .	2	Indicative
Anthony Shadid of the Washington Post reveals that the warrants for the arrests had been issued months be for .	6	Indicative
So I have a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for and one of them is my best friend .	10	Indicative
It affects people and it reaches them at different times and on different issues .	1	Indicative
However , you ask me to send a copy of resume and cover letter again .	3	Indicative
I interrupted him by saying I had heard of Mr. Kurtz on the coast .	7	Indicative
The broadcasts began on August 10 and South Korea says the broadcasts will continue .	2	Indicative
The particular instruments mentioned in this Article include those referred to in Article IV - 438 of the Constitution .	3	Indicative
The winters are considered to be very mild .	2	Indicative
The chalet burned completely down .	2	Indicative
There have been some issues with getting everything coordinated lately and I wanted to make sure that we knew who was on point .	20	Indicative
Where does all her energy come from ? Or that voice , which can blast out with a force to induce shockwaves ?	1	Indicative
It is a glorious idea . I know the wife of a very high personage in the Administration , and also a man who has lots of influence with , &c. , &c .	24	Indicative
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be reliable , but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete .	10	Indicative
“ It ’s not funny , ” Derya says .	2	Indicative
Basil does best in well-drained soil , and should not be subjected to standing water .	1	Indicative
4 . Play the sympathy card .	2	Imperative-Jussive
In the world of " Wei 's magic cubes , " all seem to be ingeniously planned and tricky .	12	Indicative
University of Texas Arlington Muslim Student Association president Sehar Memon said the large amount of positive feedback for Mohamed had helped make his situation much better .	19	Indicative
Everything was done on a timely manner and things were cleaned and picked up every day when the crew was done .	1	Indicative
I needed wisdom teeth taken out .	1	Indicative
The sick man was too ill to groan .	3	Indicative
4 . In Section 6.2.1 I 'll just note that the discount rate sentence I think is still an open issue .	15	Indicative
If you want a CD copy of this web site , give me a yell .	11	Imperative-Jussive
None of them did , and most importantly , the winning bidders did not .	12	Indicative
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar 's property ) .	15	Indicative
While we anticipate many new Analysts joining Enron this summer ( late May ) and fulltime ( August ) we felt it necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an Off - Cycle Recruiting event .	20	Indicative
" The artist of the Comédie Humaine , " he wrote , " is half smothered by the historian .	13	Indicative
His eyes , of the usual blue , were perhaps remarkably cold , and he certainly could make his glance fall on one as trenchant and heavy as an axe .	8	Indicative
" They ( electricity generators ) grinned and beared the $ 750 price cap , but this new plan by ISO was too much , " said Dunn , whose committee has been investigating since March .	21	Indicative
Shahar leads me down from the Mishkenot Sha'ananim , which stands on a slope and faces Mount Zion and the Old City , to the Gai-Hinnom ( Gehenna of tradition ) , where worshipers of Moloch once sacrificed their children .	1	Indicative
We also love their Egg Rolls and Spring Rolls .	2	Indicative
PLEASE DO N'T USE THIS MOVING COMPANY IF YOU DO N'T WANT TO : CRY , HAVE TROUBLE AND A BAD EXPERIENCE ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE .	1	Imperative-Jussive
I think compared to my house , he 's embarrased about his apartment .	8	Indicative
They sat there for a short time without saying anything .	1	Indicative
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department .	1	Indicative
In the second case , the M5S party asks to the regional government to assure the local administrations of the region regularly apply the sentence of the Supreme Court .	8	Indicative
Most scholars now accept that Shakespeare wrote A Lover 's Complaint .	3	Indicative
IMPLICATION -- It seems prudent for Enron to understand better its risks of getting fingered .	3	Indicative
Seagal made headlines when he described Russia 's actions in Crimea , which it annexed in 2014 , as " very reasonable " .	14	Indicative
The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns , and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus .	8	Indicative
He lathered his face , took out a clean blade , and started scraping off his beard .	1	Indicative
A few minutes after I left , I was called and informed that " I " left my wheel lock ( which they should have left in the car ) .	16	Indicative
How did you first hear about the definition of the santorum neologism that grew out of the contest from the Savage Love advice column ?	1	Indicative
None of them did , and most importantly , the winning bidders did not .	3	Indicative
The position taken by Foreign Minister Maurice Jobert in the October War of 1973 was that the Palestinian Arabs had a natural and justified desire to " go home . "	19	Indicative
Sometimes I even think I 'm down South again , that 's a fact .	11	Indicative
It ’s sort of like , " Hmmm ... that ’s hilarious . That ’s really really funny " rather than people falling off their chairs .	10	Indicative
Wolf reintroduction in the northern Rockies has been so successful the Fish and Wildlife Service has moved to reduce the animal 's status from endangered to threatened and , eventually , to remove it from the endangered species list altogether .	15	Indicative
The city suffered minor damage during WWII , and suffered extensive urban planning in the decades that followed , as the nation rapidly industrialized and urbanized .	9	Indicative
It was one of the worst World Cups we 've played actually .	1	Indicative
Dusty and I , we like to say , on Sunday , this is where we go to church .	5	Indicative
The moment he had finished , Aunt Petunia whisked away his plate .	4	Indicative
Mosques are calling for donating blood , food , and medicine for Fallujah , and several convoys have already headed out for Fallujah , most of them returned later though .	17	Indicative
Valentino tried to distance the character from a stereotypical portrayal of an Arab man .	1	Indicative
We read about six hundred to eight hundred headline ideas on a Monday coming from our staff and a small group of writers outside — a contributing core .	1	Indicative
" You 're going to be looking at hundreds dead along the coast , " a state official said .	18	Indicative
i have two options	1	Indicative
The one country that has shown that it understands the realities in South Asia is China .	4	Indicative
This was the coup de grâce and encouragement the settlers needed to get their independence .	1	Indicative
It 's a funny phenomenon .	1	Indicative
The IMF rarely makes front - page headlines in the United States or other big countries , except when there is a racy personal dimension .	20	Indicative
Quinn had not worn a tie since the funerals of his wife and son , and he could not even remember if he still owned one .	1	Indicative
( ps. I 'm assuming you 'll stop off in Wellington , and since it s summer , may I recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos ?	3	Indicative
He was commissioned as a captain in the Corps of Engineers on April 3 , 1779 to rank from February 18 , 1778 .	1	Indicative
Try googling it for more info :)	0	Imperative-Jussive
Destiny Allison 's metal sculptures were my favorite .	5	Indicative
A filter field is similar to a page field in a Microsoft Excel PivotTable report .	3	Indicative
Here are a few ideas :	1	Indicative
If the latter is the case , we could place both Sara and Elena in a specialist job group ( the salary range is 33 - 66 K ) .	23	Indicative
The U of R is also recommended , too !	4	Indicative
America cried wolf in Iraq , and what ’s scary is that sooner or later , that wolf will probably get us .	1	Indicative
If you Do n't want to grow out of it quickly get a 14 ' 2 ..	2	Indicative
Just remember to make sure the mother is properly caring for the baby .	1	Indicative
South Korea had recently started to broadcast propaganda from loudspeakers after an 11-year lull .	2	Indicative
I look at some of these other comments & laugh because people think that the world revolves around them !	12	Indicative
As for us in Parliament , I would like to remind you of the code of conduct between the Commission and Parliament which was signed in May .	23	Indicative
I dare n't say dine – we 're homeless , you know ...	11	Indicative
The salatim salads are the smallest plates I 've ever seen placed in front of me ( you would most likely think they were condiments if it were n't explained to you ) .	3	Indicative
Robinson said the emergency order allowed the ISO to secure refunds should overcharges for electricity be proven to federal officials .	1	Indicative
As far as the EEI goes , the only remaining issue that I 'm aware of ( aside from finalizing the LOC ) is whether we 've finished coordinating the Attachment containing the list of prior transactions .	23	Indicative
You have to see these slides .... they are amazing .	8	Indicative
Let me know if you have any questions .	5	Indicative
They say no , Warwick in New Jersey , Call New Jersey .	1	Indicative
A 1970 evaluation said Bush “ clearly stands out as a top notch fighter interceptor pilot ” and was “ a natural leader whom his contemporaries look to for leadership . ”	3	Indicative
It was a wrong number that started it , the telephone ringing three times in the dead of night , and the voice on the other end asking for someone he was not .	31	Indicative
Other than yourself , which candidates have you supported for president in previous campaigns ?	6	Indicative
Put guards in front of every concert hall and there will always be a line of people to be checked by the guards and this line will be the target , not to speak of killing the guards themselves .	0	Imperative-Jussive
You 're getting old , he said to himself , you 're turning into an old fart .	11	Indicative
Why 're you staring at the hedge ? he said suspiciously .	1	Indicative
" A few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear 's paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling . "	7	Indicative
Or has it occurred since birth .	1	Indicative
One of “ NCRC4ME ’s ” major efforts is to collect signatures for the attached “ Declaration of Religious Leaders , ” which has been and will again be presented to members of the NC legislature .	8	Indicative
She puts mayonnaise on aspirin . ( <- clearly the winner )	1	Indicative
“ The Free Society is fragile .	4	Indicative
There are more differences between Sulla and Trump , Rome and the U.S. , than there are similarities , but that does n’t discredit the resemblances .	16	Indicative
Mr President , it is incumbent upon me to remind my colleague , Mr Evans , of why Wales actually achieved Objective 1 status .	4	Indicative
They felt it was overdone , mean-spirited and not funny .	3	Indicative
Women defy the laws of purse-space , so when it comes to bib pockets , the sky is the limit .	10	Indicative
If you must go ask lots of questions about your selections since your expectations may as high as mine were .	19	Indicative
What I love most about this place , other than the food , is that eating here makes you feel like you 're in a small town rather than Baltimore .	22	Indicative
Leahy 's chief of staff apparently started with the strong predisposition that some right - winger was involved because two liberal democrats had been targeted .	6	Indicative
" In our view , we did not believe we changed or made worse the financial situation .	12	Indicative
But Posada 's nearly 80 years old , and the Venezuelan people will ensure that 's a vain hope .	2	Indicative
In two months Carroll had learned that her parents lived on a farm several miles outside of town ; that they sold strawberries in summer , and Christmas trees in the winter .	21	Indicative
After the collapse of his businesses , Balzac traveled to Brittany and stayed with the De Pommereul family outside Fougères .	8	Indicative
" Yes , " she said , and smiled .	8	Indicative
The staff and the Principal are rediculous , they do n't listen to any input , and they make up rediculous rules ( They banned backpacks , because a teacher TRIPPED OVER a student 's ) .	24	Indicative
The servant bowed confusedly at him , walking backwards , in the tribal way before rank , and then recovering himself and leaving the room with an anonymous lope .	2	Indicative
And while doing so continue using the Baba Nam Kevalam mantra ( breathe in with Baba Nam , breathe out with Kevalam ) .	12	Imperative-Jussive
Staff is under educated .	1	Indicative
She makes every item fit you perfectly .	1	Indicative
The situation is also explained by the Asian and Russian crises , which also deprive the European Union of a potential market .	14	Indicative
he adored Balzac and studied his works carefully , although he criticised what he called Balzac 's " vulgarity .	4	Indicative
Read the labels for contents .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Creative Commons may be contacted at http :	2	Indicative
I listed all of our ( sometimes mine vs. my wife 's favorites and priorities ) .	1	Indicative
I give the floor to Mrs Green .	1	Indicative
Why is it stil doing this even though I do n't have the other phone connected ?	9	Indicative
Following the Board meeting on Wednesday , you are invited to join with members of the DISCO Forum for a Wednesday evening reception and dinner , including a guest speaker .	8	Indicative
' Vogel ' comes from German , which means bird	8	Indicative
Is that what you want ?	0	Indicative
That , I think , started my thinking about this , but it took a while for the idea to crystallize .	3	Indicative
i think Miramar was a famous goat trainer or something .	3	Indicative
If America remains stuck in its under - saving ways but finds itself without Chinese goods and capital , it will suffer higher inflation , rising interest rates , and a weaker dollar .	11	Indicative
She says , Is that 17th like over past broad .	3	Indicative
Neither one of us had ever been - so we thought we 'd try it .	4	Indicative
And the village was deserted , the huts gaped black , rotting , all askew within the fallen enclosures .	8	Indicative
Now suppose , instead of Styrofoam peanuts , we take these lovely little chocolates that we get and we had those instead .	16	Indicative
My purpose was to stroll into the shade for a moment ; but no sooner within than it seemed to me I had stepped into a gloomy circle of some Inferno .	23	Indicative
Similarly , when you delete the last custom group for a field , the custom group field is automatically deleted .	4	Indicative
I suspect it will not change greatly ... but you never know how much stock people put in the news .	1	Indicative
Attached are the gas settlement and support for May .	1	Indicative
If yes , was Canada involved in this act / law ?	3	Indicative
I assume you have your anwser and do n't need me .	3	Indicative
I wonder if you 've had any trouble with your phone lately .	5	Indicative
They have done very well and like the dry food better .	6	Indicative
Four months later , we were married .	5	Indicative
The surprise is that we are surprised .	5	Indicative
" What is that ? " he asks .	7	Indicative
As we have discussed .... effective Sep 13th , Anita will make the adjustments to Enron 's inventory and pad gas to reflect the February 26th results .	2	Indicative
and the people are sweet :)	3	Indicative
Have you gone international ?	0	Indicative
Their service sucks to start off with , people are cruel and ignorant .	2	Indicative
He needs a shower , and he picks his nose all the time .	1	Indicative
And I gave it all my heart , all my energy , based upon principles that did not change once I got into the Oval Office .	21	Indicative
Do we need another one ?	0	Indicative
as far as i know , everything is as good as it can be where his aquarium is concerned .	4	Indicative
So I just needed to know if it is a suitable place to live in and in what ways .	8	Indicative
At times I suspect that the world would be glad to see the last of its Christianity , and that it is the persistency of the Jews that prevents it .	3	Indicative
I have been going to Warner Family for a number of years and would highly recommend it to anyone .	1	Indicative
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Friday 17 December 1999 , and I would like once again to wish you a happy new year in the hope that you enjoyed a pleasant festive period .	1	Indicative
They did that with no problem .	1	Indicative
I would n't have mentioned the fellow to you at all , only it was from his lips that I first heard the name of the man who is so indissolubly connected with the memories of that time .	4	Indicative
NASA is looking to private companies to launch both supplies and astronauts to the International Space Station , it announced this week .	1	Indicative
I have a new born daughter and she helped me with a lot .	8	Indicative
Do you search every ambulance after a few suicide murderers use ambulances to reach their targets ?	0	Indicative
Dr. Wallen explained the procedure in detail and took his time with me .	2	Indicative
But it did revolutionize the way we think of as a smartphone .	7	Indicative
They seem to be just that : rumors .	1	Indicative
This ' all options are open ' line has been President George W Bush 's publicly stated policy throughout the past 18 months . "	8	Indicative
Avai'o'vuna Swamp is a small coastal wetland on the island .	2	Indicative
also , what 's the deal with the weather this weekend ?	3	Indicative
If some records in one of the fields you used in the expression might have a Null value , you can convert the Null value to zero using the Nz function as shown in the following example :	9	Indicative
As they approached it , they saw to their surprise a large crowd jostling outside the doors , trying to get in .	6	Indicative
Her two brothers died at Auschwitz , Hjalmar Wentz said ;	3	Indicative
It is often said that politicians , diplomats and perhaps also lawyers and business people must sometimes lie , as part of their professional life .	1	Indicative
Some ants were infected with Beauveria bassiana , a fungus .	2	Indicative
The house they had bought , filled with possessions that had been stored all the years they were in Africa , the garden they had made , spoke for them .	10	Indicative
continued financial deepening worldwide ( that is , faster growth of financial assets than of the real economy ) , and London 's maintenance of its share of the global financial business .	6	Indicative
Once upon a time ( in 2001 , to be specific ) , the Coca - Cola corporation built a bottling plant in a small and remote Indian village in the state of Kerala .	18	Indicative
The inherent dullness of the IMF makes that hard .	6	Indicative
Who knows how much they want me to pay to fix this thing .	1	Indicative
I would have had to because with the economy the way it is i ai nt haves much monies fo repairs round the House ....	14	Indicative
Salad bar is hit and miss for freshness - sometimes the broccoli looks browned around the edges .	12	Indicative
I 've toured this place and was impressed by how clean the place was , and all the options for the dogs .	6	Indicative
I was fixing to buy an indian ringneck , did a bunch of research , ( I 'm a very experienced bird owner , macaws , cockatoos , amazons ) ,	9	Indicative
If the button is not selected , selecting new items to filter automatically turns filtering on and removes your former filter settings .	17	Indicative
the industry of Marriage and Kids , you heard me .	8	Indicative
" Hoping that the #istandwithahmed movement translates into a substantive national conversation on race , punishment , and incarceration . "	6	Indicative
Mrs. Tolchin provided us with excellent service and came with a great deal of knowledge and professionalism !	8	Indicative
Is there any tricks I could use ?	0	Indicative
And noticed two other breeds that look a lot alike .	6	Indicative
At this stage it is more important to concentrate on assessing how we can use this process to steer Union regional policy , bearing in mind that the aim is to reduce regional inequality .	29	Indicative
I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker ... and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me ... " the inspection guy is n't here today " .... for example .	29	Indicative
The Yerba Buena Garden was built at the beginning of the 1990s on the roof of the Moscone North Convention Center .	4	Indicative
I crave those .	1	Indicative
Israel owes the United States at least this much , in this crisis , to cease militarily unnecessary provocations and establish genuine peace .	1	Indicative
It relied on volunteers and state militia units , which faced logistical , training and food problems in the staging areas in Florida .	10	Indicative
as R - G said , there are only 16 in an American one .	4	Indicative
No Russian - speaking refugees from eastern Ukraine or Crimea have fled into Russia , and no Russian - speaker has sought political asylum anywhere else outside the country .	10	Indicative
Yo mama `s so fat , when she gets in an elevator , it HAS to go down .	14	Indicative
San Francisco was settled in the 19th and 20th century by mainly European immigrants except for some Asian workers who were manual laborers .	20	Indicative
Of course Bush would have tried to stop 9/11 if he had known it was coming .	14	Indicative
He lay on his bed watching the sun sinking behind the bars on the window and wondered miserably what was going to happen to him .	1	Indicative
All of us as MEPs are small employers too .	5	Indicative
He really does turn your dreams into reality for your home !	2	Indicative
You 'll find practical ways of increasing your effectiveness in the world by gaining new skills that allow you to live more abundantly .	17	Indicative
The ghoul in the attic howled and dropped pipes whenever he felt things were getting too quiet , and small explosions from Fred and George 's bedroom were considered perfectly normal .	5	Indicative
Nor have I expanded my production .	1	Indicative
My overall impression was that he did n't seem as interested in the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters .	3	Indicative
This is an awesome date spot that the area SERIOUSLY needs .	10	Indicative
Use Travelocity or Expedia and see what you come up with .	5	Imperative-Jussive
Let me tell you how this works and most important , why it works ..........	13	Indicative
It is genetic and the child needs to get the gene from both parents to turn into a vegetable instead of a thinking child .	1	Indicative
“ We face a lot of competition , and we think transit can help , ” said Joe Sternlieb , president of the Georgetown BID .	10	Indicative
The excellent windows have performed without any problems , but that 's not why I 'm writing my review .	3	Indicative
I did an overnight in a home stay that was sweet and the water market was wonderful .	15	Indicative
" ... to gaze at Wei 's art is like entering a floating world of dreams . "	8	Indicative
And before Harry could stop him , Dobby bounded off the bed , seized Harry 's desk lamp , and started beating himself around the head with ear-splitting yelps .	13	Indicative
The edge of a brilliant red sun was now gleaming through the trees .	7	Indicative
The introduction of interim targets increases the predictability of the policy , allows for accommodating product development cycles and facilitates long term planning for interested parties .	5	Indicative
Well if you are interested , I suggest you have a look at General Fiasco , Two Door Cinema Club and Wallis Bird .	7	Indicative
We are renewing our L/C's on a month to month basis for the PX per Sanders .	1	Indicative
Hong Kong , meanwhile , appears to be bracing for a wave of protests .	5	Indicative
If I found a spot , I could nt fit in it .	2	Indicative
After you allow subscribers , a " Subscribe " button will show up on your Profile .	10	Indicative
These inter - generational biological connections are particularly pronounced in the case of female children .	6	Indicative
68 - Number of days after taking office that Bush decided Not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol , the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5.2 per cent below 1990 levels by 2012 .	10	Indicative
The 69 year old Dr. Lopez was found guilty and was summarily hung and quartered on June 7 , 1594 at Tyburn .	10	Indicative
Both were excellent sales men who put my needs first .	1	Indicative
I am now modelling the Queensland electricity spot price using Geometric Brownian Mean Reverting Jump Diffusion Model and have followed your paper " Making the most of mean reversion " to estimate the mean reversion speed .	1	Indicative
Imaginary good is boring ; real good is always new , marvelous , intoxicating .	2	Indicative
She turned and walked back into the house and Harry , after a nervous glance at Ron , who nodded encouragingly , followed her .	19	Indicative
LONDON – Bank of England Governor Mark Carney surprised his audience at a conference late last year by speculating that banking assets in London could grow to more than nine times Britain 's GDP by 2050 .	8	Indicative
Everyone loves it ! ^_^	1	Indicative
I had to ask the greeter , he explained his reasons with broken English .	8	Indicative
At 18 , he married the 26 - year - old Anne Hathaway , who was pregnant .	15	Indicative
It is the most common tumour found in babies , occurring in one of every 35,000 births .	1	Indicative
Hens raise in battery cages stay " hypnotized " longer , possibly because of greater fear .	1	Indicative
The hashtag took on a life of its own , and was used in messages on Twitter over one million times by Thursday night .	11	Indicative
I think that the re pretty good .	4	Indicative
With no link provided it is hard to say .	5	Indicative
He is a legend . "	1	Indicative
Have my glass , she said , as there were no spare ones to go round .	0	Imperative-Jussive
I do get my hackles up a bit when people haul out the old ' Rock - N - Roll made them do it ' argument .	1	Indicative
I Love Hellada Gallery !	1	Indicative
If the House agrees , I shall do as Mr Evans has suggested .	3	Indicative
Then there is a big problem on Earth , and the people of Earth forget we are here .	14	Indicative
Our citizens cannot accept that the European Union takes decisions in a way that is , at least on the face of it , bureaucratic .	14	Indicative
This VERIFIES that you are truly providing a service .	4	Indicative
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand , i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube .	26	Indicative
After you paste the line , you do not need to recreate the group – the new line is automatically part of the group .	7	Indicative
if this seems incredibly far-fetched , comfort yourself that double chute failure in modern times is also extremely unlikely , and that you have already beaten worse odds .	15	Indicative
Oh , they also charged me for the procedure ( $ 250 ) AND had the audacity to charge me a $ 25 ' DISPOSAL ' fee .	14	Indicative
Pittsburgh gets men on second and third , one out , so the Mets go to the bullpen for Allen .	1	Indicative
I have n't personally but I know a couple of people who have .	1	Indicative
What I have been hearing about the representative in Nicaragua is indicative that the project had not been properly closed down .	15	Indicative
We were told by a detective and asked to check our credit for anything unusual .	7	Indicative
Good , good for there , he mumbled , and then with a certain eagerness asked me whether I would let him measure my head .	15	Indicative
They said it would be made exactly like the one I needed to replace .	11	Indicative
He tried to tell me it was when I told asked him if he knew what fps stood for and he had no clue .	21	Indicative
fyi ... it sound like Bobby is in serious condition .	3	Indicative
I have a splitter / filter between my ADSL and ph line ?	1	Indicative
I was aware .	1	Indicative
Try different things out and see what feels right , what sounds best .	7	Indicative
We visited on 7/26/08 for dinner We received a gift certificate for the Mama Mia 's on Greenfield Ave .	1	Indicative
Forts were also built in the older portions of New France that had not yet been settled .	12	Indicative
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	37	Imperative-Jussive
Then , also , he 's got so much stuff in there right now , that I do n't know how he 's going to fit baby stuff .	22	Indicative
" He 's hanging out with the celebrities , and has kind of become the same sort of celebrity he was interested in documenting earlier in his career " , Wilkins said .	2	Indicative
He did n't have my number either because this was the first time I 've called HIM instead of his dad .	9	Indicative
I 'm sure it s not every day that a funeral director sees the same family in such a short time .	12	Indicative
The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns , and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus .	37	Indicative
They consider modernity as their enemy , but then they have two problems .	1	Indicative
Besides works whose copyright has expired , there is an increasing number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses .	4	Indicative
The intellectual leaders of the Enlightenment were decidedly anti-Semitic .	6	Indicative
Zawahiri said that the US should expect another 9/11 on US soil .	1	Indicative
I was searching for dog food info and found this post .	1	Indicative
give them to a library or burn them .	0	Imperative-Jussive
As of March 28 , 2003 , he was in a hospital for a cardiac problem and had been granted " pre-arrest bail . "	8	Indicative
Bloch is concerned to establish hope as the guiding principle of his Marxism and stresses the implied humanism inherent in mystical tradition .	14	Indicative
Do whatever it is you ’ve been daydreaming about so that the temptation is removed once you get back to work .	13	Indicative
Wikinews caught up with her in a cafe in the leafy Melbourne suburb of Preston .	1	Indicative
Hi , I want to get a few pet rats and need a rat cage .	3	Indicative
What actually is it they do ? "	5	Indicative
With hard work and focus , you will attain at least one important aspiration that has been on your agenda for a long time .	15	Indicative
About 1,200 Indian soldiers were killed during this phase of the conflict .	4	Indicative
Ah , sir , this is a danger you must not face !	5	Indicative
He lathered his face , took out a clean blade , and started scraping off his beard .	5	Indicative
Thank you for your help .	0	Indicative
Any other use of the email by you is prohibited .	8	Indicative
It could be that Auster had so much work he did n't need to advertise .	10	Indicative
However , they did not expand until ships big enough to cross seas were built .	13	Indicative
" Shakespeare was a respected poet and playwright in his own day , but his reputation did not rise to its present heights until the 19 th century .	16	Indicative
Tried Crust on Broad on 3 occasions .	0	Indicative
The first case is of the mayor Luca Pastorino that in last years received several refusals of his requests for payment because of the religious nursery school and retirement home .	3	Indicative
In this period , when resources flowed to this " innovative " sector , GDP growth was markedly lower than it was before .	16	Indicative
Roly rang up to see if he had arrived , and explained again – he had done so in advance by letter – that he had an official lunch to attend .	1	Indicative
if you do have a male but they are not in the same cage or breeding but you touch him then her she will smell his sent and probably lay eggs .	18	Indicative
She immediately went to the back , brought out leather cleaner and cleaned my purse on the spot .	2	Indicative
But another , less widely discussed social determinant – maternal nutrition – could be .	12	Indicative
It taste better than In and Out ....	1	Indicative
It 's a father and son business .	1	Indicative
Its guarantee of liberties promised to dissolve inter-communal tensions and transform the empire into a more harmonious place .	4	Indicative
Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see .	0	Imperative-Jussive
The Pacific Standard bar is located in Brooklyn , New York , and is co-owned by Jonathan M. Stan and John-Christian G. Rauschenberg .	4	Indicative
Owing to its history , Łódź has an impressive collection of residential , commercial and industrial 19th-century architecture including some of Europe 's largest factory buildings , now mostly repurposed as shopping centres or lofts .	6	Indicative
As the car rattled through the park toward the West Side , Quinn looked out the window and wondered if these were the same trees that Peter Stillman saw when he walked out into the air and the light .	18	Indicative
Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations of comics , to distribute to children and youth in the hospital .	6	Indicative
As Joyce 's story demonstrates , agriculture is crucial to Africa 's future .	4	Indicative
Wikinews interviews Robert Sarvis , Libertarian Party nominee for Governor of Virginia	1	Indicative
Cannery Row , at the time , had the biggest industrial canning operation on the west coast .	7	Indicative
Every single to do or things you want to do at that specific moment .	7	Indicative
i have talked to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say it s a routine thing when entering another country .	7	Indicative
We are staying next to the airport which is located next to BARTrail .	8	Indicative
She talked about ' weaning those ignorant millions from their horrid ways ' , till , upon my word , she made me quite uncomfortable .	21	Indicative
It was called Prototaxites .	1	Indicative
The one guy who was there , I 'm guessing was the owner , was probably the least helpful person I 've ever met .	21	Indicative
I guess I 'm extremely fortunate that I received a scholarship which paid about 800 f my course fees through my degree .	3	Indicative
All are mathematical , all are linguistic .	1	Indicative
They promise them the delights , mostly sexual , of the next world , and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead .	15	Indicative
But before you fight and win , by force or otherwise , you have to realize that you are in a war , and this may take Europe a few more years .	18	Indicative
Flowers blooming create a hormone change which dramatically reduces the flavor of the leaves , as well as reducing the amount of foliage which grows .	2	Indicative
Le Cousin Pons ( 1847 ) and La Cousine Bette ( 1848 ) tell the story of Les Parents Pauvres ( The Poor Relations ) .	13	Indicative
Being hungry , you know , and kept on my feet too , I was getting savage .	14	Indicative
We then called the office and the man we spoke to said he 'd send someone out to look at it but could n't promise when - two weeks came and went and we heard nothing .	31	Indicative
Within a week we noticed one of the boards on our gate splitting where a nail had gone in .	4	Indicative
they will talk to me if i am mexican ?	7	Indicative
Back on the train , we continue southwards .	6	Indicative
You see , the terrorists are protesting against modernity .	1	Indicative
Not that there is anything wrong with that because they also employ local people that live and shop in the area .	15	Indicative
I did n't understand so I did n't say anything .	1	Indicative
Is n’t the answer to that question that wise decisions are made with a basis from memory ?	10	Indicative
When a chart contains multiple series or category fields , the fields that are closest to the data are referred to as inner fields .	13	Indicative
I have known him for only a few years but he has become a dear friend .	1	Indicative
Do you return fire , if you are attacked from a hospital ?	0	Indicative
Think that was bad - by December of '74 the Dow had sunk to a bear market low of 577 .	11	Indicative
Best ceviche that I 'd had so far ! :)	4	Indicative
I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there , but i do know from personal experience that Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka is not a man of his word , and is also very CRUEL AND UNCARING !!	15	Indicative
Feel free to cut and paste and leave your comments , as these viewpoints cover the entire gamut surrounding the event .	0	Imperative-Jussive
This would be on a walk - in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good ( Not relying on pictures from the internet ) and is in a spot we like .	38	Indicative
Name streets East of Main are cities east of the Mississippi River , vice versa for name streets west of Main .	5	Indicative
Now that Afghanistan , Iraq and Libya are out , two and a half terrorist states remain : Iran , Syria and Lebanon , the latter being a Syrian colony .	16	Indicative
People 's identity is made up of individual elements and elements of larger units to which they belong , and peoples ' impact on reality depends on which elements dominate their behavior .	17	Indicative
There was a violent scuffling noise , the peony bush shuddered and Ron straightened up .	13	Indicative
The Alliance of Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Congo rebels captured Lubumbashi in April 1997 .	11	Indicative
We look forward to your response .	1	Indicative
There are numerous places to stay to suit most budgets .	1	Indicative
The staff and the Principal are rediculous , they do n't listen to any input , and they make up rediculous rules ( They banned backpacks , because a teacher TRIPPED OVER a student 's ) .	30	Indicative
How do people subscribe to my updates ?	1	Indicative
He 's not come up to town ?	1	Indicative
His artworks were selected and exhibited in British Museum in 2002 .	2	Indicative
When you have invasive surgery you could also get infections , accidental nicks and cuts that cause other problems too !	16	Indicative
He took the time to explain things to me about my computer , i would recommend you go to him .	1	Indicative
Balzac suffered from health problems throughout his life , possibly due to his intense writing schedule .	1	Indicative
Sara is working on that with Susan Bailey , another paralegal in our Group .	1	Indicative
Such standards could be essential in establishing measuring and testing methods .	2	Indicative
If ERCOT goes the way of California - either due to market power or poor market design rules - it will be a bad day for deregulation and for Pat Wood .	2	Indicative
Just yesterday we switched over to a new site which has a demo of the VM ( virtual microscope ) I invite you to check it out .	3	Indicative
Gazing out across the valley and then calmly at him , she had her look of wanting to find out exactly what they were talking about .	12	Indicative
I 'm still at home .	1	Indicative
You just need basic information , and answer a few questions like what hospital was the child born at / who was the doctor ....	21	Indicative
Sending the family servant to stop Harry from going back to Hogwarts also sounded exactly like the sort of thing Malfoy would do .	13	Indicative
Is good or bad ?	0	Indicative
In this delivery format , your body can immediately start receiving the benefits of the product components as the absorption of vitamins , minerals and nutrients is maximized .	26	Indicative
Turkey understands it well .	1	Indicative
Some strategies being used by NASA & Company in relation to China and other space planning countries are mentioned here after being gleaned from a news item underneath .	17	Indicative
As a foreign visitor , you are not expected to know how to wai , nor to reciprocate when wai'd to ;	6	Indicative
The current policy is ripe for review and the financial resources are regrettably very limited .	11	Indicative
Was the iPhone the first Smart Phone ?	0	Indicative
He shooed the shocked Masons back into the dining room , promised Harry he would flay him to within an inch of his life when the Masons had left , and handed him a mop .	11	Indicative
On July 4-5 , again before the rescue , Le Monde had reported without comment wisecracks made by Amin in a speech at Port Louis .	11	Indicative
It has also become an arms depot of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) , who operate almost freely in the Andaman Sea .	1	Indicative
Dr. Fortier threw a large rock at the bear , distracting it and allowing Parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25 - year - old Patricia Doyon , who was in the same tent .	2	Indicative
( Some might cynically say that keeping MBAs and economists out of real businesses is a blessing , but I doubt that that is really true . )	14	Indicative
Do museum labels have an impact on how people look at artworks ?	9	Indicative
But that was the work of memory , and remembered things , he knew , had a tendency to subvert the things remembered .	2	Indicative
You 'll note we offer a couple of versions of some books .	4	Indicative
extend , and if you want to end it , you just say bye ,	5	Indicative
I am waiting longer at BNA for my pickups and last time I parked with them , they lost my car key .	13	Indicative
The man told him that a war between the two universes is coming , as he and Walter had predicted ; it is for this reason that Olivia , among others , was trained as a child .	2	Indicative
Covert into DVD .	0	Imperative-Jussive
All children , whether born in or out of wedlock , shall enjoy the same social protection .	11	Indicative
It only went down .	2	Indicative
Sounds like your 2 at least tolerate each other , so there is hope there .	12	Indicative
I 'm afraid you 've got the wrong Paul Auster .	5	Indicative
The authors say the results confirm the existence of inadequate iodine intake in the Australian population .	5	Indicative
Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons ' then - current trademark usage guidelines , as may be published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time .	3	Indicative
I took a tip from Carri and looked up Rat ASCII's on Google .	7	Indicative
The term Nexus is applied to sentences , structures similar to sentences and sentences in formation , in which two concepts are expressed in one unit ; e.g. , it rained , he ran indoors .	21	Indicative
What Dunn 's committee hopes to learn is why all these events transpired .	12	Indicative
This shop is by far the best I have been to .	8	Indicative
At the age of six , I myself wore a tallith katan , or scapular , under my shirt , only mine was a scrap of green calico print , whereas theirs are white linen .	32	Indicative
See link below .	0	Imperative-Jussive
At greater wind speeds , some particles are lifted into the air stream .	7	Indicative
We whittle that down on a Monday to about a hundred , come in Tuesday and pick an issue and brainstorm with the whole editorial staff ; all fifteen of us .	16	Indicative
It was Mr. Bush 's job to organize the Republican county chairpersons in the 67 Alabama counties .	1	Indicative
This means we ca n't look at the issue you raise with these animals .	10	Indicative
Action Network is also a good place to post details of events , or try to rally together a group if you want to take action in your area .	22	Indicative
The results we got are very reliable .	4	Indicative
I was recently traveling down I - 24 from Nashville with my 3 young children and had a blowout on the southeast side of Murfreesboro .	1	Indicative
Angry crowds chanted anti-American slogans in the western city of Falluja ( pop. 256,000 ) as the security police killed in a friendly fire incident by US troops were buried on Saturday .	28	Indicative
The man had long coarse strands of sun-yellowed hair spread from ear to ear across a bald head and wore sunglasses that rested on fine Nordic cheekbones .	22	Indicative
Then she lets go and falls .	2	Indicative
I just got your email and I certainly concur with Jeff making the call .	2	Indicative
I find in Elie Kedourie 's Arabic Political Memoirs facts unknown to most about American diplomacy in the late forties .	1	Indicative
Hitchcock 's films sometimes feature characters struggling in their relationships with their mothers .	4	Indicative
It is a place in Argentina lol	1	Indicative
Play your CD's , 8 - tracks , reel to reels , cassettes , vinyl 33 / 45's , and shellac 78's through this little integrated amp , you 'll get a big eye opener !	0	Imperative-Jussive
This holds up to 30,000 times its mass .	1	Indicative
Yep , we like to just make our own original content , and , yep , that 's what we wanted to do .	20	Indicative
Donald Trump is a pompous , arrogant , entitled person that cares about himself , and his temperament is toxic to the United States .	2	Indicative
The interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections , but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 ( or so ) balloting centres .	3	Indicative
When a child is born in Canada the birth is registered before the baby can leave the hospital .	9	Indicative
She recommended products but absolutely did n't pressure me to buy .	5	Indicative
When victims and witnesses stay silent , nothing changes .	8	Indicative
He turned away .	1	Indicative
Our plan is to organize a maximum of 6 clinics , each one full day .	2	Indicative
Had to keep in mind that the A / C broke , I feel bad it was their opening !	16	Indicative
The creation of an incentive payment pool ( possibly via personal best awards ) for key Metals staff who continue to work exceptionally unsociable hours to meet the above stated objectives	19	Indicative
If you choose to get a parakeet this is a trick that I used to tame them .	8	Indicative
Thank you , Mr Segni , I shall do so gladly .	7	Indicative
The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .	5	Indicative
In this view , America 's ingenuity represents its true comparative advantage , which others strive to imitate .	15	Indicative
" We take document security seriously , " she said , but refused to give any more details about how the papers came to be on a road .	9	Indicative
I never stayed more than two weeks at a time when I visited the U.K .	2	Indicative
Bush also nominated A. Noel Anketell Kramer for a 15 - year term as associate judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals , replacing John Montague Steadman .	2	Indicative
When you move a field to the data area , the values from the field are used as the data that is measured in the chart .	21	Indicative
It is next to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to Sacre Coeur which is excellent for shopping .	16	Indicative
John Suttle has OK'd Anthony 's latest request w / r. t. the CSA .	2	Indicative
Please let me know a date and time that is convenient for you .	1	Imperative-Jussive
If you 've been to North County , chances are it 's in your favorites list already .	11	Indicative
What is all important is to be French , or to have been French for a good long time .	1	Indicative
In the winter , the talk was of trades , predictions , memories .	6	Indicative
As the survey cited in the above - linked article shows , most Google users do n't intend to use Gmail , and Google is n't even as popular as Yahoo! and AOL .	24	Indicative
" paulhastings.com " made the following annotations on 04/25/01 12:42:55	3	Indicative
I need something reliable and good looking .	1	Indicative
To a certain extent , this reminds me of my previous activity in the Committee on Budgets and in the Committee on Budgetary Control .	6	Indicative
Yvan , and Ben , please provide answers to these question via written correspondence so that their is limited probability of misunderstanding .	6	Imperative-Jussive
Kermit Roosevelt of the CIA " met a number of officers who were involved in the conspiracy which led to the coup-d'etat of 22 July , 1952 . "	6	Indicative
At the initial meeting it became apparent that most participants were there to learn more about digital humanities and were not ( yet ) in the situation where they were able to offer expertise on the subject .	19	Indicative
And I was relieved when Nicki called to let me know she was home safe .	6	Indicative
It 's possible that people at the turn of the century were saying " land of the kike " and that Faulkner did n't borrow it from Cummings .	22	Indicative
The Chili Relleno .. had no batter on it .	4	Indicative
Our community culture is focused on wikiLove and civility .	3	Indicative
I will be carefully researching vets before I take my dog someplace else .	8	Indicative
I am now modelling the Queensland electricity spot price using Geometric Brownian Mean Reverting Jump Diffusion Model and have followed your paper " Making the most of mean reversion " to estimate the mean reversion speed .	18	Indicative
We 're right now using an automated microscope that we developed several years ago for nuclear astrophysics work to scan the collector in the Cosmic Dust Lab in Building 31 at Johnson Space Center .	1	Indicative
To reserve one of these rooms , you must inform the Wyndham staff that you are part of the CAEM group .	15	Indicative
It follows a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for Iraq 's police and army instead went to al - Qaeda .	18	Indicative
if the computer is completely shut off , the USB ports are n't getting power , so they wo n't charge your phone	3	Indicative
The greater part of the Danube Delta lies in Romania ( Tulcea county ) , while its northern part , on the left bank of the Chilia arm , is situated in Ukraine ( Odessa Oblast ) .	29	Indicative
I do n't know about this ... but the pale Cockney who was teaching him to take over his job said , That 's okay , chum , it 's our ole friend Mr. Kabata .	1	Indicative
Sub-cultures ( as the lable implies ) do not develope in a vacuum .	7	Indicative
True , the ship had had to be moved into its berth by the tugs but it had been crippled only briefly .	4	Indicative
Dynamite has just been thrown in London ;	1	Indicative
East Jerusalem toughies of fourteen are smoking cigarettes and stiffening their shoulders , practicing the dangerous-loiterer bit as we pass .	19	Indicative
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department .	1	Indicative
What I love most about this place , other than the food , is that eating here makes you feel like you 're in a small town rather than Baltimore .	17	Indicative
I never felt worried and walked away satisfied .	2	Indicative
One twelfth of each annual amount shall be payable to Bulgaria and Romania on the first working day of each month in the corresponding year .	6	Indicative
Afterwards , each ant was dipped in the solution for a couple of seconds , dried on a cloth and put in the nest .	4	Indicative
It is far simpler , however , to achieve a trillion spore concentration in the production of a few grams than in industrial processing typical of a state sponsored lab .	1	Indicative
It is often beautiful , but its sentences tend to start , pause , and finish at the end of lines , with the risk of monotony .	1	Indicative
The authors find another intriguing effect , too .	2	Indicative
When the ship passed Stromboli at night , there was a streak of crimson lava flowing from the volcano and the sailors would n't leave the television set to look at this natural phenomenon .	9	Indicative
North of Naples they had bad weather and engine trouble , but they reached their harbor and anchored near two Japanese ships .	17	Indicative
By approving this amendment , we take account of the fact that it can be very cold in the northern parts of the European Union .	6	Indicative
All he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered Communist forces .	9	Indicative
In other words , there is a conflict between the parafiscal and fiscal aims ; you can not have your cake and eat it .	5	Indicative
The reality is that IP protection is an economic engine that developing - country citizens should not have to forego .	15	Indicative
Finally I descended the hill , obliquely , towards the trees I had seen .	12	Indicative
And all sorts of other oxalates are also sequestering carbon dioxide through the minerals that are being formed and taken out of the rock matrix .	2	Indicative
actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	27	Indicative
Furthermore , the occurrence of hurricanes on the island is possible during the summer .	9	Indicative
Either these people do n't know anything about what they are renting , or worse - they are bait and switching .	17	Indicative
Labor shifted from farming to mining .	1	Indicative
China and Japan , and the world at large , have more dollar reserves than they require .	16	Indicative
I asked them to change it but they rudely said that it was okay .	9	Indicative
But two groups are in confrontation .	3	Indicative
We inherit our mode of appreciation from the Victorians , from a time of safety and leisure , when dinner guests knew better than to smoke after the main course , when Levantines were Levantines and culture was still culture .	37	Indicative
The boy burst out laughing and said , Everybody 's Daniel !	9	Indicative
The origin of the word Hispania is much disputed and the evidence for the various speculations are based merely upon what are at best mere resemblances , likely to be accidental , and suspect supporting evidence .	21	Indicative
Santorum the person has been in the news throughout the primary season , and we thought it would be interesting to try to create a delicious drink that mimicked the appearance of the Dan Savage meaning of " santorum . "	15	Indicative
If you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualizations to help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence , try the following before moving onto the more formal method below .	2	Indicative
I apologize , I 'm on the road and have n't heard when that will be .	9	Indicative
What we are doing today is essentially a nuisance .	5	Indicative
best is using an online travel agent	1	Indicative
If they did , Premium Bonds would be indistinguishable from ordinary savings accounts .	2	Indicative
She feeds well the baby on her own , the baby is ok but she does not go in the nest to stay with him at night ...	11	Indicative
I wanted to follow up with you regarding the creation and approval of ISDA Confirmations for the following equity trades that I understand Laurel had discussed with you previously .	1	Indicative
Due to that , the religion was relatively secretive .	6	Indicative
Later , historical studies show that what actually happened was devoid of anything like such intelligence .	8	Indicative
The latter also spread Islam to the coastal belt , but most Bantu never had contact with Islam and remained African Traditional Religion adherents .	19	Indicative
The ten - hour journey to and from the ceremony took a toll on both husband and wife :	10	Indicative
This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically upon any breach by You of the terms of this License .	7	Indicative
Who is responsible for completing all paperwork for entering a new market ?	1	Indicative
With the help of debit card data , the Essen police are investigating four people who stood by and watched while a retiree died in a bank .	16	Indicative
That is because each and every miracle and each specialized district occupies an entire field .	1	Indicative
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	19	Indicative
And then , exactly a year ago , Hogwarts had written to Harry , and the whole story had come out .	18	Indicative
" We believe the action we took addressed a severe concern , '' Robinson said .	2	Indicative
I am sorry for him , he is a good dad	7	Indicative
There is a lot of walking and hiking along with camel back rides available .	1	Indicative
She immediately went to the back , brought out leather cleaner and cleaned my purse on the spot .	12	Indicative
But will future generations , particularly in advanced economies , realize such expectations ?	10	Indicative
Live food is also higher in nutritional value than freeze dried .	2	Indicative
However , do not purchase tickets until it is a done deal - a lesson I learned following the Ark game last season .	16	Indicative
It was then that he had taken on the name of William Wilson .	1	Indicative
At the ceremony , NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announced the locations that would be given the three remaining Space Shuttle orbiters following the end of the Space Shuttle program .	8	Indicative
Uncannily , in that first moment , Quinn thought of his own dead son .	8	Indicative
The waiters are like no other ...	2	Indicative
But this location has the worst weekend staff I 've seen EVER .	9	Indicative
DO NOT EVER GO HERE .	3	Imperative-Jussive
You are n't a poet , are you ?	6	Indicative
Think internally , intuitively , not by words , of the meaning , as you 're repeating it .	15	Indicative
I called customer service about it because the website specifically states that there are no other charges at the check - in .	10	Indicative
For the past 25 years landlocked Afghanistan has suffered from constant interference from its neighbours - Pakistan , Iran and the Central Asian Republics - and regional powers - Russia and India .	7	Indicative
In a recent interview , Zay and Zayion described recording their version of “ Knuck If You Buck ” on a home laptop .	8	Indicative
KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK .	0	Imperative-Jussive
So far , every prediction in the modern era that mankind 's lot will worsen , from Thomas Malthus to Karl Marx , has turned out to be spectacularly wrong .	23	Indicative
....... the rest was history !	3	Indicative
It established him as an author of note ( even if the surface owes a debt to Walter Scott ) and provided him with a name outside his past pseudonyms .	21	Indicative
One has only to look at the Russian proposal 's fine print :	1	Indicative
As a result , critics of the time mostly rated Shakespeare below John Fletcher and Ben Jonson .	9	Indicative
max and jen are looking for you .	3	Indicative
Or they were n't eyewitnesses and are just lying .	2	Indicative
Furthermore , before and after the implementation of the intervention , we performed a D2 Test of attention that measures selective and sustained attention , as well as visual scanning accuracy and speed .	12	Indicative
I expected to pay for this service , but imagine my surprise when I received a bill for MORE than what I paid to have the original return prepared .	22	Indicative
Last time I went however , my beer was warm and the service was so - so .	3	Indicative
If not , go somewhere else .	3	Imperative-Jussive
+ As the implications of the Andaman Islands situation sink in , Indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny .	9	Indicative
How did you first hear about the definition of the santorum neologism that grew out of the contest from the Savage Love advice column ?	13	Indicative
You are individuals of quality , and in our alliance we seek quality of member over quantity of member .	11	Indicative
I did not have a good experience w / Dr. Ghassemlou .	1	Indicative
RP : Is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really stupid ... ?	2	Indicative
Whatever you do ............... DO NOT try to come here with out legal permission .	4	Imperative-Jussive
Mrs Plooij - Van Gorsel , I can tell you that this matter is on the agenda for the Quaestors ' meeting on Wednesday .	7	Indicative
York was known as Eboracum by the Romans , who founded the fortress city on the River Ouse in the year 71 .	1	Indicative
Do n't get me wrong I want to go , but for 2 days -_- I mean seriously .	16	Indicative
For the time , the report grew too large when it was being debated .	11	Indicative
Even if you did melt it , I doubt you foresaw the issues of handling it and pouring it .	3	Indicative
This is a $ 200 million increase over what NASA received for fiscal year 2004 .	10	Indicative
At times I suspect that the world would be glad to see the last of its Christianity , and that it is the persistency of the Jews that prevents it .	28	Indicative
The images turned out amazing .	2	Indicative
I have a Norwegian Forest Cat that is named Achilles bc as a kitten he always attacked your feet when you walked by !	1	Indicative
So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)	14	Indicative
The centre of the falls is known locally as ‘ Garganta Del Diablo ’ ( The Devil ’s Throat ) , where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air .	5	Indicative
It was a no brainer really .	1	Indicative
Well - when you pay over $ 1000 for something you want it to hold up and look good !!!	11	Indicative
I guess I 'm extremely fortunate that I received a scholarship which paid about 800 f my course fees through my degree .	8	Indicative
i was very pleased with the service .	1	Indicative
have you gotten a price ?	0	Indicative
This message is confidential .	2	Indicative
Armed clashes broke out in several northern Iraqi cities on Wednesday , leaving some 22 persons dead in Mosul , Baiji , and Tuz .	2	Indicative
he adored Balzac and studied his works carefully , although he criticised what he called Balzac 's " vulgarity .	11	Indicative
Line up is so stupid .	2	Indicative
Ideas are welcome .	1	Indicative
ON A BAD NOTE THE WAITING AREA IS NOT ENJOYABLE OR ENOUGH SEATS .	7	Indicative
The hope was that anyone looking for the Aunt would see the family post and know that help was available .	2	Indicative
I had a couple of hickies on my neck the day after and the guys all wanted to know if those were shuttle burns .	21	Indicative
The project eventually was terminated but Larry and Bob decided to finish what they started and bring it to the world .	9	Indicative
The meeting is being held in conjunction with the third meeting of our DISCO of the Future Forum .	2	Indicative
Remember , at the beginning they burn his books of chivalry , but that has no effect .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Hens make excellent mothers as they are bigger , can see better , and are smarter the Silkies .	6	Indicative
So-o-o ! he exclaimed .	3	Indicative
I do think some Y!A users need to work on their reading comprehension as I ca n't comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse .	32	Indicative
I love how it really depends on how good a horse your horse really is , not how talented he is .	1	Indicative
Not the smartest move to take off on a worldly adventure if you 've never traveled before and you do n't put where you would be traveling from .	19	Indicative
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com << File : ' http://go.msn.com/bql/hmtag_itl_EN.asp ' >>	0	Imperative-Jussive
As you may recall , they say they want a deposition on the parties ' intention .	8	Indicative
Hjalmar 's as gentle as a lamb and he has to keep the peace somehow .	1	Indicative
I understand that it is a competitive process , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability .	11	Indicative
I do n't know if you 'd like to see one .	1	Indicative
Several related issues have resulted in an increase in the level of operating risk for the Merchanting Metals business .	3	Indicative
Kayani is well known and liked in Kabul as during the last year he led the Pakistani delegation in the tripartite military meetings with the Afghan and US military on issues related to border issues .	1	Indicative
The ACIA found Arctic winter temperatures have increased 4 degrees to 7 degrees Fahrenheit in the last 50 years and should go up about twice that much in the next 100 years .	2	Indicative
The forecasts of cyclone track and intensity have been fairly accurate .	7	Indicative
Drop by my house , I can get you some real cheap .	0	Imperative-Jussive
SO , IF YOU WANT A BURGER AND FRIES , WELL , IT IS OK .	4	Indicative
We were looking for a company with decent rates as our company was just getting started .	1	Indicative
For details and further proof , please see these websites :	7	Imperative-Jussive
This view of the situation comforted Quinn , and he decided to believe in it , even though he had no grounds for belief .	5	Indicative
Isfahan ( Persian : اصفهان , also known as Esfahan ) is a city in central Iran , south of Tehran and is the capital of Isfahan Province .	11	Indicative
I called the school most probably 10 times before I finally enrolled in a 20 hour package .	1	Indicative
Strangely , twice in its history the neighborhood has seen benefits from major earthquakes .	8	Indicative
He asked for a different pair instead and they only gave him five dollars off ??	10	Indicative
They happened in the Philippines which , like Pakistan , is an important and vulnerable node for the business which intelligence agencies and terrorist organizations conduct with each other .	1	Indicative
" They filed an emergency motion , and we were not about to let California go dark , '' Hoecker said .	20	Indicative
To me the doctor says in her normal voice , “ It ’s just a little lidocaine . ”	12	Indicative
Mrs. Indira Gandhi arrives this afternoon and yesterday it was United Nations and Sekou Toure .	9	Indicative
VCU is also minutes from Downtown Richmond , Canal Walk , Carytown , Stony Point , Short Pump , and the VCU Medical Center .	1	Indicative
Cleanest guesthouse i have been to	3	Indicative
Basing letters on objects ( pictographs ) is an easy way to start a writing system .	7	Indicative
Also , take note of which item is in which box .	7	Indicative
I suspect it will not change greatly ... but you never know how much stock people put in the news .	16	Indicative
They offer a good portions at a great price , it 's enough food to fill you up , but you do n't ever feel like you ate too much .	1	Indicative
While hypnotizing is unlikely to cause serious harm , any type of stress is more damaging to a chicken in this state .	13	Indicative
The guide is problematic , firstly because it has been developed " in the context of a state of emergency " .	2	Indicative
I 'm not exactly certain as to what you are looking for .	1	Indicative
WHAT IS THAT ?????	1	Indicative
I need to have a form filled out that says I do n't have health insurance coverage through Enron .	1	Indicative
( 3 ) Parents have a prior right to choose the kind of education that shall be given to their children .	15	Indicative
what are some unique customs in ireland ?	1	Indicative
DO NOT go here .. thank you	5	Indicative
Firstly , it proposes the adoption of a regulation improving the transparency and authenticity of quality marks .	3	Indicative
If wikiHow volunteers think our site is going in the wrong direction , they can take all the content and all the software and move the project elsewhere .	3	Indicative
That was evident in such things as the deplorable state of the station .	1	Indicative
My wife had taken her '07 Ford Fusion in for a routine oil change .	2	Indicative
( Newsweek reported that Bush commanded his cabinet , " Let heads roll ! " )	2	Indicative
" I think America 's obsession with celebrity culture is as strong today as it was when Warhol was living " , said Gustafon .	2	Indicative
There are , therefore , two points to which I would like to draw the Commission 's attention .	10	Indicative
Here we need financial starvation of the organizing elite , more power to women , more education , counter-propaganda , boycott whenever feasible and access to Western media , internet and the international scene .	2	Indicative
Blue Planet is a weekly series examining the relationship of humans to the environment , by veteran environmental reporter Dan Whipple .	2	Indicative
Our first diagnosed EPM horse was back when there was no treatment in the US and only an experimental chicken feed additive in Canada .	5	Indicative
He lay on his bed watching the sun sinking behind the bars on the window and wondered miserably what was going to happen to him .	19	Indicative
Wintour herself appears briefly , and is filmed putting her sunglasses on before being interviewed .	2	Indicative
Do n't give these guys a penny .	0	Imperative-Jussive
A few minutes after I left , I was called and informed that " I " left my wheel lock ( which they should have left in the car ) .	5	Indicative
I would n't know -- I do n't particularly like scary movies , and I have n't tried this with my pet .	15	Indicative
And it 's guilty :	2	Indicative
I spoke with Gerald and he said there are a bunch of folks hanging around Dad 's place .	6	Indicative
He tried to block the contents from view as he hastily shoved handfuls of coins into a leather bag .	1	Indicative
In addition , if you choose to use Facebook from your mobile device , please note that you will be responsible for any fees associated with internet usage and / or text messaging as determined by your mobile service provider .	15	Imperative-Jussive
I am thinking about getting a rabbit as a pet , but my parents said that it has to stay outside .	1	Indicative
Earlier , Kerry said , “ Just because you get an honorable discharge does not , in fact , answer that question . ”	9	Indicative
Once two sets of leaves have formed , basil can be planted into the garden or permanent containers .	5	Indicative
Encino has been blessed by the opening of this smoke shop most definately .	1	Indicative
We honestly can not think of even 1 thing we did n't like !	10	Indicative
July is when he started to exhibit slight symptoms and the owner and vet originally thought it was just some nerve damage from something in the pasture with no visible injury .	15	Indicative
For my part , I feel that the negotiations were balanced and that they open the way for achieving a sustainable market .	14	Indicative
Like The Two Gentlemen of Verona , in which two friends appear to approve of rape , the Shrew 's story of the taming of a woman 's independent spirit by a man sometimes troubles modern critics and directors .	11	Indicative
They have been accumulating for years , and basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he feels like it .	18	Indicative
Wandering , therefore , was a kind of mindlessness .	4	Indicative
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of May 1 .	1	Indicative
Economists at Citigroup , Mckinsey , Pricewaterhousecoopers , and elsewhere were predicting an era of broad and sustained growth from Asia to Africa .	10	Indicative
We do n’t want to just traffic in the same 24 hour news cycle .	3	Indicative
She looks up at you and , across the gap of forty meters , smiles a brilliant , heartbreaking smile .	14	Indicative
You could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point , it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive .	16	Indicative
First of if i went alone on a regular cabin how much would you estimate it would be just a guess .	4	Indicative
But the cynicism declined as his oeuvre progressed , and the characters of Illusions Perdues reveal sympathy for those who are pushed to one side by society .	24	Indicative
We too , are open to suggestion as the Global and Enron relationships are very important and a high priority to us .	3	Indicative
Our project of a Europe that aims to satisfy social needs envisages the convergence of living conditions towards the highest common denominator .	6	Indicative
The evaluation report of the Pericles Programme was submitted on 30 November 2004 .	7	Indicative
Even worse , the dark , narrow street Harry could see through the dusty shop window was definitely not Diagon Alley .	16	Indicative
It 's located in the huge HONKA Log Homes building , by Walmart off of Evergreen Parkway .	1	Indicative
There 's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK .	1	Indicative
Call me if you 're interested .	0	Imperative-Jussive
For the longer term , the preparatory mission recommended economic and financial aid to Albania .	8	Indicative
The crane accident comes just ten days before the beginning of the Hajj , the annual pilgrimage to Mecca , Islam 's holiest site .	3	Indicative
It was surrounded by trees that blocked it from view of the village below , meaning that they could practise Quidditch there , as long as they did n't fly too high .	1	Indicative
As they design their web pages for the newer browsers with advanced web technology and geared to the newest web core markup language HTML 5 , they are forced to accommodate older out-of-date technology to support IE6 users .	2	Indicative
A study of Hogwarts prefects and their later careers , Ron read aloud off the back cover .	11	Indicative
With a crack like a whip , Dobby vanished .	8	Indicative
50 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 15 October 2003 .	6	Indicative
Harry looked at the cover of Mrs Weasley 's book .	1	Indicative
Does that work for you ?	0	Indicative
Poor Adamson , it looked pretty hopeless at times .	4	Indicative
After they showed up there was a little trouble to get my car unlocked , it took quite a bit of time but the job was well done .	2	Indicative
In general , avoid doing the following to prevent problems caused by mixing queries created under different ANSI SQL query modes :	3	Imperative-Jussive
Pursuant to your business question : we only hire nice people .	8	Indicative
I love a challenge , and saving the Earth is probably a good one .	9	Indicative
The problem with this argument is that Bush lacked the experience necessary to be president when he ran in 2000 , so this sort of cheap shot just hoists him by his own petard .	17	Indicative
Still , it was painful , and he struggled desperately to swallow his pride .	8	Indicative
NOTE : You may want to retain every name and address sent to you , either on a computer or hard copy and keep the notes people send you .	27	Indicative
I am just middle aged and do not want to die , but thanks to this doctor i have no other alternatives .	6	Indicative
Just remember that death is not the end - Bob Dylan	4	Indicative
Nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at the time the penal offence was committed .	11	Indicative
Numbers through five in the participating communities are most often expressed with native Chitonga words while numbers greater than five are typically indicated using English borrowings .	20	Indicative
For he was obliged now to concentrate on what he was doing , even if it was next to nothing .	10	Indicative
The BBC is not responsible for the content of this e-mail , and anything written in this e-mail does not necessarily reflect the BBC 's views or opinions .	18	Indicative
A national of each new Member State shall be appointed to the Commission as from the date of accession .	7	Indicative
To buy into Putin 's sham federalism is to accept the lies that the Kremlin has been spewing about Ukraine 's current interim government and the brave men and women who ousted Yanukovych .	7	Indicative
Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .	2	Indicative
These works suffered from a lack of firsthand knowledge ;	2	Indicative
Trust me and most especially trust and believe in yourself .	7	Imperative-Jussive
Wilkins said , " [ Warhol ] liked the way photo booths and the Polaroid 's front flash looked " .	1	Indicative
Has that gone anywhere or are the other possibilities you had better ?	10	Indicative
I 've toured this place and was impressed by how clean the place was , and all the options for the dogs .	1	Indicative
Please address , and I 'll check with Legal as well .	1	Imperative-Jussive
" Architecture wo n't help deceased people , but it helps to keep their memories alive among the living , " he says .	22	Indicative
There are seventy beginning of stories without ends .	1	Indicative
What do you think ? he said , scornfully .	1	Indicative
Both of these men are heavily involved in the private sector of the space industry , and both are also involved with another space company called SPACEHAB .	18	Indicative
You need to substitute a special character sequence ( called an " entity " by XML ) as follows :	18	Indicative
What your morning paper did not tell you , however , was that the CIA seized a similar disc from Ayman Zawahiri 's right - hand , Ahmed Salama Mabruk , 5 years earlier .	11	Indicative
I wish that I had n't done this .	1	Indicative
If you live in an area with strong summer sun , position the cuttings so that the broad sides of the cuttings face east and west while the slim sides face north and south .	30	Indicative
They ’re usually artists who want to do a bunch of stuff .	5	Indicative
While Dudley lolled around watching and eating ice-creams , Harry cleaned the windows , washed the car , mowed the lawn , trimmed the flowerbeds , pruned and watered the roses and repainted the garden bench .	22	Indicative
How do these places stay in business .	1	Indicative
The constituency is in the council area of North Kesteven , where 62 % of voters backed leaving the EU .	2	Indicative
The current system tends to reinforce gender roles , encouraging children to follow culturally framed paths , instead of nurturing their individual interests and potential .	3	Indicative
Do not go there if you expect to sleep through the night .	6	Indicative
The will is another matter .	2	Indicative
By the way , have you read the Declaration of Independence and US Constitution - or do you only know the first phrases ?	16	Indicative
Bottom line is that when it 's a small privatly owned resturant like this is you can tell that the owners and employees take pride in their product and service .	2	Indicative
" This strain helps with back pain , this strain helps with nausea , this product makes you sleep at night , " says Dietrich from the company 's headquarters in Denver , Colorado , where pot is sold legally .	23	Indicative
I have spoken with Mark Lay and he is interested .	8	Indicative
Anneal and Kumar taught it .	3	Indicative
You 've already asked this .	1	Indicative
Does she have any interest in meeting one - on - one or is she just looking for a public hanging ?	0	Indicative
Plus , I work with Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that , instead of having a lawyer she has n't dealt with initial it .	23	Indicative
Of course , Mweta has to hand out a job to everybody .	4	Indicative
Also , Beardies often do not eat food that is not moving , so it s anyone 's guess whether or not he 'll touch the freeze - dried crickets or the processed food .	4	Indicative
[ The santorum neologism is ] offensive beyond , you know , anything that any public figure or anybody in America should tolerate , and the mainstream media laughs about it . — Rick Santorum	10	Indicative
He said Mr Dar , 33 , was arrested in Indian - administered Kashmir and belonged to the outlawed Lashkar - e - Toiba militant group .	15	Indicative
Thank you Comfort Zone	0	Indicative
Thank you	0	Indicative
I have asked Doug Daniels to prepare the settlement papers reflecting such an agreement .	1	Indicative
29 - Percentage of votes that will be cast via computer voting machines that do n't produce a paper record .	14	Indicative
I want to make sure that I understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value would be booked .	1	Indicative
They did a very bad job with my hair and were extremely rude when I went back to ask them why it did n't work for my hair .	1	Indicative
Now the Electoral Commission is refusing to punish people for mere past Baath Party membership .	4	Indicative
Kesha and Pebe co-wrote the song " Stephen " together when Kesha was 16 , Kesha then tracked down David Gamson , a producer that she admired , from Scritti Politti who agreed to produce the song .	26	Indicative
Set within lush gardens which are free to roam if you do n't want to go inside the building .	11	Indicative
they puff out to look bigger and badder and they can scratch you a lil if u r holding them to tight :)	1	Indicative
I prefer darker colors because I can see their eggs , more easily and the fish look better next to them .	16	Indicative
The northern portion of the Caucasus is known as the Ciscaucasus and the southern portion as the Transcaucasus .	6	Indicative
The plane is based in the Chathams and flies to mainland New Zealand in the morning , then back to the Chathams in the afternoon .	2	Indicative
Feel the meaning , do n't just think of its wordy meaning or try to translate from Sanskrit ( BABA NAM KEVALAM ) to an English meaning ( Infinite peace and happiness ) .	13	Imperative-Jussive
Last year , after all was said and done , I asked Rod whether my payment structure would leave me with no / little tax liability at the end of the year .	11	Indicative
She continues to help me when needed even if I have a service question .	10	Indicative
It was about two years from when Frank sent me specimens to when we got the paper out .	14	Indicative
I have a friend that has to get rid of one of her cats because of allergies , he is the youngest at 3 years old black , long hair , incredibly friendly .	5	Indicative
Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality : PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	7	Indicative
US Marines moved into most of Fallujah on Wednesday , though they were still meeting pockets of resistance .	2	Indicative
She has some big presentation mid-January .	1	Indicative
As the plant matures , pinch off the top two pairs of leaves once a stalk reaches a reasonable height .	16	Indicative
Females after their first calf is already weaned :	5	Indicative
But something about it seemed to call out to him – as if its unique destiny in the world was to hold the words that came from his pen .	19	Indicative
He stood before the building and paused .	1	Indicative
Thank you .	0	Indicative
I was thinking , that while I 'm sitting here , relaxing and enjoying myself , those poor innocent animals are being cooked to death with heat in those Holocaust-esque death chambers .	7	Indicative
There is a risk that observers underestimate the time that Al Qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and development .	1	Indicative
I looked at motocross and the more I looked , this one woman ’s face kept coming up , in photographs that looked as if they were from the 1970s .	15	Indicative
Your buddy Beau invited me .	3	Indicative
Our family has been trusting Doctor Hank with our teeth for the last seven years .	2	Indicative
Sometimes there was gunfire outside and we jumped , even Mam on the bed .	2	Indicative
I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted ( a reball ) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price .	17	Indicative
Wright is a friend of fellow director Garth Jennings , and made cameos in his films The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy and Son of Rambow .	1	Indicative
The company gets busy but you never have to wait long because they ARE orginizied , so you are in , out , and paid well for your scrap	7	Indicative
My opinion - take it for what it 's worth … :-)	3	Imperative-Jussive
Then , this month , it said that it opposed moves to refer Iran 's nuclear stand - off with the International Atomic Energy Agency to the United Nations Security Council .	9	Indicative
I know that with my industry - wide and investment banking contacts that I can help raise capital for the fund .	1	Indicative
In the legato part the sentences are very long and without breaks almost like stream of consciousness .	6	Indicative
The girl shrugged . I 've read better and I 've read worse .	5	Indicative
What 'll happen is that the Styrofoam peanuts will start moving through our society here , and they will accumulate in the drunkest , stingiest people .	1	Indicative
By return email , please verify that you received this message and let us know if there is another email address that you prefer us to use .	23	Indicative
Napoleon was confident that the clear success of Austerlitz could lead to a general peace treaty , but his hopes were soon dashed : the new British Prime Minister Lord Grenville refused any agreement , and so did Tsar Alexander .	20	Indicative
The Industrial Revolution created a demand for metal parts used in machinery .	3	Indicative
Again , despite a rising chorus of concern from researchers , political markets have seemed frozen .	13	Indicative
If they screw up you could be in worse shape than you are now !	12	Indicative
Was fast and easy , Just had our car returned this morning , I would recommend these Mobile Mechanics for sure .	6	Indicative
okay , I do nt have a review , but why in the hell would you name your business something that has the initials KKK .... is there something behind the scenes at this place ?	21	Indicative
National reaction to the events in Kansas demonstrated how deeply divided the country had become .	7	Indicative
In the summer he watched baseball on television ; in the winter he went to the opera .	13	Indicative
I want to go to the cafeteria for vegetables .	1	Indicative
This enables RAC to manage the associated risk during the life of the transaction both effectively and appropriately .	1	Indicative
I did n't feel guilty about the garage sale , that 's why I was annoyed - being notified at 10:00 at night GRRRRRRR .	1	Indicative
( 27 ) Noting the importance of avoiding non - compliance , Member States should ensure that the necessary means are available for effective market surveillance .	14	Indicative
Called to check if they had a product I 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .	9	Indicative
I began seeing Dr. Romanick back in 2000 and have seen a significant decline in the quality of care , patient - doctor communication , and just the overall level of services .	9	Indicative
.: GO VEGAN :.	1	Imperative-Jussive
Food is awful and the place caters to the yuppy crowd .	6	Indicative
I want signed and numbered .	1	Indicative
For a moment I stood appalled , as though by a warning .	4	Indicative
I wish I had you as my dentist early on in my life - maybe my teeth would have been a lot better then they are now , However I am glad you are my dentist now .	25	Indicative
The cabins have always been clean .	2	Indicative
I think to say it was unexpected is inaccurate , because it implies that there was a well-founded expectation of something .	15	Indicative
Meanwhile , President George W Bush has said he will lead an inquiry into how the disaster was handled .	6	Indicative
Did they think we were going to feel lucky to get any reservation at all , and therefore be more pleased with our dining experience ?	4	Indicative
I had sonic in many other palces but for some reason this sonic is always just covered in grease and not good ... :(	1	Indicative
I m glad his butt was facing me so he could n't see my red face I think my Mare was even laughing ..	5	Indicative
In the light , Margot Wentz 's head was the figurehead of a ship above the hulk of her body :	8	Indicative
The girl sat and saw nothing , like an animal out of breath , holed up against danger .	2	Indicative
The steamer was sunk .	2	Indicative
They moved off with their plates of food , and Wentz said to a woman settled in one of the canvas chairs , Margot , here is Colonel Bray .	1	Indicative
One thought is to have just the agenda as a couple topics and then lead in with the first two questions as I 've listed .	23	Indicative
I know by your pyjama trousers , I use exactly the same measurement for new elastic as I always did .	8	Indicative
Fred brought the car lower and Harry saw a dark patchwork of fields and clumps of trees .	1	Indicative
Harry dashed around his room , collecting his things together and passing them out of the window to Ron .	1	Indicative
I was booked for 2 nights at this hotel in Oct 2007 .	1	Indicative
I can see how you get confused though . :)	5	Indicative
If wikiHow volunteers think our site is going in the wrong direction , they can take all the content and all the software and move the project elsewhere .	6	Indicative
My dog has threw up yellow bile for two days but does not have dhirea .	2	Indicative
John Donovan from Argghhh! has put out a excellent slide show on what was actually found and fought for in Fallujah .	13	Indicative
I m getting a dwarf hamster tomorrow and i saw videos on youtube of them escaping and if my hamster escaped because my mom will FREAK OUT !!!	9	Indicative
Per our conversation a few minutes ago , attached please find the revised Stipulation .	10	Imperative-Jussive
He believed that the koran instructed that a jihadist should use the weapons used by the crusader .	1	Indicative
Let me know if you have any questions .	0	Imperative-Jussive
She is a creme tabby and I 've had her for over 2 years now .	7	Indicative
The latter is overseeing the Republican primaries , in which Rachida Dati supports Nicolas Sarkozy 's candidacy .	2	Indicative
They sometimes do nt get along ( you know how some girls are lol hahahaahh but for real though , two girls tend to fight a lot .	22	Indicative
In little pangs , said John .	4	Indicative
I bet you also did take charcoal as it is used for barbecue which does not get as hot as real coal ( e.g. for blacksmithing one needs coal , not barbecue charcoal ) .	4	Indicative
If you wish to no longer receive invites from your friends , you can use the unsubscribe link in the footer of the email .	6	Indicative
There is considerable evidence that it is developing both a long - range missile force and a range of weapons of mass destruction .	1	Indicative
Not owners that seem like they have something to hide and know nothing about common courtesy and customer service .	3	Indicative
It ’s not a geographic endeavor , it is an intellectual endeavor .	1	Indicative
I love her and want to help her but I do n't know when I 'll be able to take her to to vet :( please help .	1	Indicative
In 2012 , there were an estimated 207 million cases of malaria , leading to some 627,000 deaths .	4	Indicative
Mitch Kapor got the name for his company from ' The Lotus Position ' or ' Padmasana ' .	2	Indicative
Next to the door was a tall wrought-iron candle holder — the kind that stood at either end of the altar .	14	Indicative
So , I hope to pierce that prejudice forever with this group .	7	Indicative
If you apply in person to the Cuban Consulate , you get the visa straight away .	2	Indicative
I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it : I do n't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says .	8	Indicative
He claimed that the new naturalism of Ibsen 's plays had made Shakespeare obsolete .	10	Indicative
In the Second Messenian War , Sparta established itself as a local power in Peloponnesus and the rest of Greece .	7	Indicative
Access provides choices for using data from many external sources .	1	Indicative
Cream splattered the windows and walls as the dish shattered .	9	Indicative
Not long ago , they were touted as the salvation of the world economy – the dynamic engines of growth that would take over as the economies of the United States and Europe sputtered .	5	Indicative
Voldemort ? said Harry .	2	Indicative
We promised him a liberal education when we left South Africa , you see .	8	Indicative
Although flying to the Chathams and back is not cheap , it is worth it .	12	Indicative
It is always shown on television in great detail .	1	Indicative
The Obama administration proposed to tie IMF reform to the presumably imminent approval by Congress of funding for Ukraine .	3	Indicative
It 's an event Mexico hopes will eventually rival the Carnival of Brazil .	1	Indicative
Once in a fever I heard thousands of birds outside my window and I was terrified that they would fling themselves through the glass and attack me , but it was only the rain on the eaves .	14	Indicative
He works in the most boring department , said Ron .	8	Indicative
Looking back : Space Shuttle Columbia lifts off on STS-1 from Launch Pad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center on April 12 , 1981 .	6	Indicative
Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "	20	Indicative
If you 're looking for a good burger , some great fries ( they are too die for ! ) , and good drinks , go to Chickie & Pete 's !	2	Indicative
Thank god there are plenty of Toyota dealerships to choose from in this city .	0	Indicative
They phoned the same day , confirmed it was the gearbox quoted me the job , I gave the go ahead .	11	Indicative
love TO HAVE YOU ALONG FOR THE COMPANY , BUT IT IS NOT NECESSARY .	11	Indicative
Nice local pub , excellent food ( especially wings ) , and do n't go if you have a limited amount of time .	12	Imperative-Jussive
Well , said Fred , put it this way – house-elves have got powerful magic of their own , but they ca n't usually use it without their master 's permission .	11	Indicative
I have no idea how China Delight won number 1 Chinese restaurant in Montgomery - There needs to be a recount on that vote .	16	Indicative
Yet another amendment is aimed at simplification , taking references to the tank to include its accessories as a matter of course .	3	Indicative
For imagining himself as Auster had become synonymous in his mind with doing good in the world .	6	Indicative
The cool breezes from the Gulf of Mexico drift into Mérida in the evenings and this is when many of the residents spend their time outdoors .	16	Indicative
Skin Color : Silkies have black skin color , which is dominate .	10	Indicative
( I know , ignorant question ) Then why call them , or any other phonies ' Christians ' , even if they themselves claim the appellation .	24	Indicative
So they see the pictures flicker slower and there for it seems choppy to them .	2	Indicative
Daniel , he said to the boy , this is Daniel .	9	Indicative
Edit ... I really do nt think Your horse Is in danger Of being hurt With one Nail missing ..	9	Indicative
Hoped it was not true .	0	Indicative
He seemed to understand how important it was for us to make sure the whole house was sprayed so he took his time .	16	Indicative
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking to recreate Mohammed 's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on Egyptian leaders .	6	Indicative
Under the release of physical contact , he said to Mweta , I do n't know what we 're talking about , and Mweta said , You ... I told you we expect you back , now .	8	Indicative
According to the Citizenship and Immigration Canada web site at http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp , it states " Note : you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be eligible for processing . "	13	Indicative
When a chart contains multiple series or category fields , the fields that are closest to the data are referred to as inner fields .	3	Indicative
Once Cyclone Phailin comes on shore it will immediately begin to lose strength .	3	Indicative
I 'm not sure , but I think that he 's got class tonite , too .	7	Indicative
My breyers need stables or barns though ..... and I need directions and materials on how to make them .	2	Indicative
If we are to get a common transport market genuinely up and running , it is important that we should not only have regulations but that these regulations should also , as far as possible , apply to every country .	19	Indicative
What 's that you 've got there ?	1	Indicative
How people still think with their blood and enjoy to contempt ... yes , the bar at the Silver Rhino .	8	Indicative
If you stay with your dining schedule , every night is dinner and a show .	2	Indicative
works well lasts long .	2	Indicative
Fresleven – that was the fellow 's name , a Dane – thought himself wronged somehow in the bargain , so he went ashore and started to hammer the chief of the village with a stick .	12	Indicative
Carnival and Royal Caribbean are two popular cruise lines that have strong followings .	4	Indicative
- train / inform new staff and extend the training to sectors that have less benefited from the Pericles programme , namely financial agents , prosecutors and technical staff ;	7	Indicative
His father , seeking to instill the same hardscrabble work ethic which had gained him the esteem of society , intentionally gave little spending money to the boy .	12	Indicative
Let her explore when we moved my cat had to explore the entire house before she felt comfortable .	8	Indicative
If you are of a religious turn of mind , you may wish at this point to offer a prayer to a god , goddess , protective spirit or guardian angel .	2	Indicative
only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine .	33	Indicative
the best way to control these pests is to pick them off the plants by hand .	7	Indicative
He 's always like " ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours , I wish I had mine ! " and he is n't even joking .	19	Indicative
Agel is a new company and is uniquely positioned to be the next giant in the network marketing industry .	6	Indicative
It was completed rather late in the war ; although a number of B-29s were equipped with Eagle and it worked well , it came too late to make much difference .	14	Indicative
The band I started in 1993 , Spoken Motion , received a lot of recognition as a spoken word band born out of the New York spoken word scene .	10	Indicative
Mr. ARCHIBALD : He told us whenever he was stopped , as soon as the law enforcement found out that he was the grandson of Prescott Bush , they would let him go .	21	Indicative
He announced this in January :	1	Indicative
( I hope that the US army got an enormous amount of information from her relatives , because otherwise this move was a bad , bad tradeoff ) .	7	Indicative
but Shakespeare used them to explore characters ' minds .	2	Indicative
During the family 's years in Kentucky and Indiana , Thomas Lincoln worked as a farmer , cabinetmaker , and carpenter .	12	Indicative
The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited by the following restrictions :	2	Indicative
Talk to you guys soon ,	0	Imperative-Jussive
A key question is how they acquired the anthrax strain first isolated by the Texas Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Lab in 1980 .	6	Indicative
Contact the Indian railways .	0	Imperative-Jussive
I shoot a t1i and have n't had such an issue .	5	Indicative
There was n't even a shed there , and she was shelling the bush .	10	Indicative
If it lasted 1 month i could suck it up but 1 day ?	2	Indicative
He said to his wife , Mweta 's invited me to come back as their guest .	1	Indicative
If you are looking for towing services that can offer you a good towed car service , then Auto Towing is the company for you .	2	Indicative
I believe I undertook amongst other things not to disclose any trade secrets .	1	Indicative
ANYWAY WE DRIVE AROUND IN MY VAN AND SOLVE MYSTERYS AND SHIT	2	Indicative
I heard the rain and the faint rustle of paper and smelled damp concrete .	11	Indicative
And then the woman explained that it had been lying on the street , and why not , it seemed perfectly okay .	7	Indicative
Imagine the tension melting away as you continue breathing rhythmically and naturally .	0	Imperative-Jussive
The President is very eager to go ahead quickly and get this vote , because he very much wants to have Samuel Alito on the Supreme Court , to be judging the cases Bush is interested in .	34	Indicative
They compensate for this by creating the impression that they have a lot of friends - they have a ' quantity , not quality ' mentality .	17	Indicative
And to those who do n't even know their crimes , not even that .	4	Indicative
The measures shall be adopted according to the voting rules governing the adoption of the act from which a temporary derogation is sought .	2	Indicative
It has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time , the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .	25	Indicative
" To have a business allow that type of filth to be purveyed through their website or through their system is something that they say they ca n't handle .	20	Indicative
To the left a clump of trees made a shady spot , where dark things seemed to stir feebly .	15	Indicative
so any price you find , DOUBLE IT figure , $ 40 K at least .	6	Imperative-Jussive
He was replaced around the turn of the 16 th century by Robert Armin , who played roles such as Touchstone in As You Like It and the fool in King Lear .	1	Indicative
Whatever Stillman had done , he had done ; wherever Stillman had gone , he had gone .	11	Indicative
It 's not for the meek .	1	Indicative
' Oh , he will go far , very far , ' he began again .	13	Indicative
Babies slept in dark rooms .	1	Indicative
We are very pleased with the services of First Glass Window .	1	Indicative
Yes , lovely creature , is n't she ?	5	Indicative
Ahmed Mohamed , a 14-year-old boy from Irving , Texas , was arrested at his school by police after he brought a digital clock he had made to school .	25	Indicative
However it is perhaps relevant that the bubonic plague raged in London throughout 1609 .	2	Indicative
We are staying at a hotel in Center City Philadelphia so I wanted something close .	1	Indicative
You do not understand with whom you are dealing . "	1	Indicative
bit of a stupid question but do the spikes / spines ( whatever you call them ) on their side and face area ever go hard .	14	Indicative
Now come back to earth again - slowly .	1	Imperative-Jussive
Each area has its own way of making wine .	2	Indicative
Access 2002 provides a PivotTable view for datasheets and forms .	2	Indicative
He was referred to me by a friend , who did n't have the best experience with Ted , but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end .	23	Indicative
It 's fantastic that they got the Paris Agreement but their contributions at the moment are nowhere near the 1.5 - degree target .	15	Indicative
I do n't believe that folks who believe that America is the land of opportunity will change their views from this recent news .	10	Indicative
Using molecular genetic - engineering techniques , the British company Oxitec has created a new way to control the mosquito species that transmits dengue fever .	11	Indicative
Why 're you staring at the hedge ? he said suspiciously .	9	Indicative
Arafat 's death creates a vacuum in Palestinian leadership that will not soon be filled .	3	Indicative
It is also important to act decisively against the campaign of lies and fabrications and to monitor those Western media who collaborate with it out of naivety , financial interests or ignorance .	1	Indicative
This was confirmed by Virginia Stillman , whom Quinn called each night after returning home .	1	Indicative
Had it fixed within a few days ( had to order a part ) .	8	Indicative
The facilities are more than adequate and the staff are just phenomenal .	9	Indicative
I 'm American and I am going to the UK for the first time , what should I expect ?	5	Indicative
The intruders slit the screen of the window .	2	Indicative
Please make this as simple as you can for my dad does nt really not that good .	1	Imperative-Jussive
Some of them were illegal whale meat , by the way .	3	Indicative
However if there is a high level of sodium chloride ( common salt ) that can break down the chorion ( shell ) around the egg and allow critters to get in and eat the yoke and embryo . )	3	Indicative
i know you remember the bet .	1	Indicative
they look like they were doberman pinchers who were shrunk .	1	Indicative
Oh have you ?	1	Indicative
Quinn wanted to drop the conversation right there , but something in him persisted .	1	Indicative
Rumor also had it some renegade biologist brought a caged pair to Yellowstone and released them into the wild sometime in the 1970s , hoping to reestablish a breeding population .	14	Indicative
This is car number 3 we 've purchased through them .	6	Indicative
They are invoicing for this and I do n't have an invoice for it .	7	Indicative
The US Army Corps of Engineers says it could take a month to clear the flood waters , and the government 's disaster relief agency has urged evacuees not to try to get back to their homes .	25	Indicative
Also that , I heard in the next few years Fujairah would be as good as Dubai , is it true ?	4	Indicative
I know saltwater is a possibility , can you give me a possible stocking option for that too ?	1	Indicative
The samples we have are small in terms of numbers and they are all preserved in formalin ( a kind of formaldehyde solution ) .	4	Indicative
When having your car worked on you have to trust the mechanic & this Midas is truly someone you can trust !	7	Indicative
" We 've got to go out of our way to Rome for more of their special meals . "	3	Indicative
This is the largest island , where Neiafu is found .	1	Indicative
He instantaneously put me at ease and his ongoing treatments have been absolutely pain free .	10	Indicative
It is possible that these two children understood the task and really did believe that the puppet did not produce any poor descriptions , and in this regard , are not yet adult-like in their SI interpretations .	12	Indicative
Shucks , guess none of us three paid much attention to that .	7	Indicative
Mrs Weasley came to a halt in front of them , her hands on her hips , staring from one guilty face to the next .	2	Indicative
Please be advised that I have set the call as follows :	1	Imperative-Jussive
Wilkins also said Warhol was both an artist and a businessperson .	4	Indicative
Today the quarter still has many Armenian Churches , an Armenian school , shops and Armenian residents .	4	Indicative
We 're both in our early 20s and just wanting to explore the beautiful country while we 're still young and before our lives start to get even crazier !	24	Indicative
I have ate here 3 times since they first opened , and the service has been poor each time , the staff always comes across as somewhat rude and slow .	14	Indicative
I do n't know if there is anything I can do but I 'm always willing to help .	13	Indicative
Balzac had better luck publishing the memoirs of Laure Junot , Duchess of Abrantès - with whom he also had an affair .	1	Indicative
However , when we are at parties or when they are people around she seems to ignore me .	10	Indicative
In the final two steps , the dancers firmly stamp their feet on the ground .	9	Indicative
Amused , my wife asks why I ordered the kosher lunch .	4	Indicative
This is a busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant , which also must be wonderful - so just ask for what you need , and I 'm sure they will do their best to be hospitable .	1	Indicative
I also had a pedicure , and they cut my nails too short , one of my big toes looks like it s getting infected .	19	Indicative
Be happy you get a bit , many of us never got nothing :)	0	Imperative-Jussive
XSL for Transformation ( XSLT ) is a specification that is currently under development by the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) , and supported by Access .	10	Indicative
This is authentic Cuban cuisine ; fresh ingredients expertly prepared and seasoned perfectly .	1	Indicative
Today , IP accounts for much of the value at large companies .	3	Indicative
" Unfortunately once again the few ruin it for the many , " wrote Jesse LaBrocca , founder of Hack Forums , in a message explaining why the section was being closed .	6	Indicative
It was the young Texan 's job to find out what each county leader needed in the way of campaign supplies and get those supplies to them .	1	Indicative
Significantly , the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago ( now retired ) , upon being contacted , does not even report that he necessarily sent the only copy of the strain to Ft. Detrick .	5	Indicative
In this respect , I accept this proposal to amend Directive 94 / 55 / EC which has been tabled for discussion today .	17	Indicative
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID .	11	Indicative
Joe removed a wasp nest for our condominium building and we appreciated the environmentally friendly method and prompt , friendly and informative service .	1	Indicative
We must feed you up while we 've got the chance . I do n't like the sound of that school food	13	Indicative
What is your cat s name and why did you name him / her that ?	1	Indicative
Yet life at Privet Drive had reached an all-time low .	6	Indicative
It took the Vigor team only 4 visits to get me feeling normal !	1	Indicative
Judging by the fact that Draco Malfoy usually had the best of everything , his family were rolling in wizard gold ; he could just see Malfoy strutting around a large manor house .	8	Indicative
That is in fact the point of departure we have chosen here and I am very glad all this has been properly understood .	9	Indicative
It is full of gay friendly " everything " .	1	Indicative
Our concern is that we do n't want any trading related defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap as a component .	22	Indicative
Family visits were allowed on Thursday nights and Fridays .	2	Indicative
Useful for younger kids who do not have big enough hands or the ability to handle two reins independently .	5	Indicative
I am waiting longer at BNA for my pickups and last time I parked with them , they lost my car key .	18	Indicative
Eon ’s fixed rate tariff costs £ 760 and Avro Energy customers would pay around £ 760 for its Simple and Select tariff .	5	Indicative
It is important to recognize that the specific format of the east-west numbered street names is West / East 71st Street North / South .	1	Indicative
Neiafu and surrounding villages are home to about a third of the Group ’s overall population of around 20000 , with the majority of the population living in small villages on the other islands .	4	Indicative
If you bought packaged quinoa , this step is n't always necessary , but it 's better to be safe than sorry .	15	Indicative
My room was delightful and the attention to detail was amazing .	2	Indicative
I had a severe phobia of attending the dentist until I met and was treated by Dr Nelson .	13	Indicative
I came to find out the person was the hotel OWNER also .	1	Indicative
Sometimes it is not worth it to go through that kind of staff and their personal attitude to get to a doctor .	2	Indicative
Fill in the subject , this will be the header that everyone sees as they scroll through the list of postings in a particular group , click the post message button .	26	Imperative-Jussive
Actually , I think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just do n't be too mad if I have to cancel .	21	Imperative-Jussive
I thought it appropriate to retable at second reading three of the 12 amendments rejected by the Council .	1	Indicative
After that point , al - Qaeda was a joint enterprise between the Egyptian extremists and the polyglot Arabs around Bin Laden , only some of whom were Saudi .	7	Indicative
‘’ Pakistan now has a large force deployed in Baluchistan which was not there before , ’’ says Lt. General David Barno .	11	Indicative
Conversions resulted in positive ROI which is unique for ANA considering their product is not an impulse purchase for most people and Japan is not traditionally seen as a leisure destination .	13	Indicative
Unfortunately , rapid population growth and urban sprawl has covered much of these ecosystems with development .	8	Indicative
the deal number is 814014 - why ca n't you see this ?	3	Indicative
He also ordered that the receiver not get a ( I think chrome ) coating that helped keep the gun from jamming .	2	Indicative
And they 'll probably add interest to what you 've already racked up .	9	Indicative
And his apartment is so run down down I 'm afraid roaches might be crawling over the baby .	3	Indicative
' What ! Dead ? ' I asked , startled .	7	Indicative
By the 1980 s , Shakespeare studies were open to movements such as structuralism , feminism , New Historicism , African-American studies , and queer studies .	7	Indicative
A young woman leaned her elbows on it and her white breasts pursed forward within the frame of her arms .	3	Indicative
Well , I 've picked someone my own size at last tonight .	3	Indicative
Ok , I know that Mcdonald 's has Monopoly going on right now .	3	Indicative
Stardust @ home is a highly distributed project using a " Virtual Microscope " that is written in html and javascript and runs on most browsers — no downloads are required .	22	Indicative
My brother said they only had full - auto and semiautomatic during Vietnam .	5	Indicative
They pride themselves on being an event and team building company for corporate clients but you better believe they are going to mark you up on that feel good premise .	1	Indicative
He was a thin man , going bald , but the little hair he had was as red as any of his children 's .	14	Indicative
If you are just applying for a birth certificate for the first time , it s simple to do it over the computer .	15	Indicative
The owner was very friendly and helpful .	2	Indicative
The islands are volcanic in origin and have a unique and sensitive habitat that supports many rare and endangered species .	14	Indicative
I 'm studying to be a teacher , so I know that there will definitely be jobs out there when I 'm done .	1	Indicative
This particular chair is designed to help with back problems , which she has .	3	Indicative
There are precedents of independent governors dealing effectively with the legislature , and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater effectiveness than a major party governor .	1	Indicative
She was dead on -- this restaurant was wonderful --- do not be put off by the one negative review on this page .	12	Imperative-Jussive
I played dumb and asked him questions that I already knew the answers to and he responded with half truths and a few falsehoods .	1	Indicative
I have a preorder and am even considering getting a second preorder to have multiple accounts .	5	Indicative
As with so much climate research , not everyone agrees with these dire predictions .	9	Indicative
" If Iodine deficiency is serious you lose 15 IQ points , on average .	7	Indicative
The person who best explains this , and helps me out the best with my question will be REWARDED WITH TEN POINTS !!!!!!!	4	Indicative
Another alternative is to give Murphy barrels at their 95,000 bpd Meraux , Louisiana refinery in exchange for the new production barrels .	2	Indicative
It established him as an author of note ( even if the surface owes a debt to Walter Scott ) and provided him with a name outside his past pseudonyms .	13	Indicative
Afterwards I took it back when it was borne in upon me startlingly with what extreme nicety he had estimated the time requisite for the ' affair . '	7	Indicative
Jan Smutney - Jones , who was the ISO board chairman at the time and executive director of a group that represents power generators , said Winter did not consult him about eliminating the price cap .	21	Indicative
Both proved popular and were often reprinted during Shakespeare 's lifetime .	1	Indicative
You bet your bottom dollar , said Quinn .	1	Indicative
" Why are you so kind to me ? " Dostoevski asks .	11	Indicative
In any case , Kalkat puts it succinctly : " There can not be a military option to what is a political situation . "	19	Indicative
I was kind of curious , what exactly is Guild Wars ?	8	Indicative
You want to fly ? ”	1	Indicative
We took our cat Mitten camping .	1	Indicative
Excellent service , Not only did they get the exact car I wanted win in 48 hours but the sales man also took me out to lunch .	22	Indicative
Under the accord , a new northeastern provincial council was formed and the Indian army was deployed as peacekeepers in the north and east .	9	Indicative
Chicago 's a big area .	1	Indicative
Responsive , kept me apprised of status .	2	Indicative
Also , they have great customer service and a very knowledgeable staff	3	Indicative
Please do visit us and feel free to browse the site at www.southbhamcats.org.uk	2	Imperative-Jussive
NEW YORK – Following a crescendo of terrifying violence , the Ukrainian uprising has had a surprisingly positive outcome .	13	Indicative
Environment Minister John Baird has asked government officials how such documents that are supposed to be stored in " approved security cabinets " wound up on the street .	12	Indicative
The word ' ivory ' rang in the air , was whispered , was sighed .	13	Indicative
Which , I might add is the same foot that keeps crumbling with the nails .	10	Indicative
I 've booked Videoconference Room # 1 .	1	Indicative
Republicans captured the Senate for the first time since 1952 , and gained 34 House seats , but the Democrats retained a majority .	1	Indicative
It seems clear to me that the manhunt for high Baath officials in the Sunni heartland is being done wrong , or at least in ways that are bad for US standing with local Iraqis .	16	Indicative
Mérida has a rich cultural life which also reflects its diversity .	8	Indicative
But that means nothing , since they were n't the sort of things guys like Bush told the " girls " .	7	Indicative
But it is clear that financial firms compete with others for resources , and especially for skilled labor .	2	Indicative
We started it basically , because I wanted to - I wanted to work with Isabel on a lot of projects that we had going on together .	1	Indicative
Then earlier this year these shirts started to come out that said , " Poet says We Know " .	15	Indicative
Here 's a tip : Do n't get married in countries that house illegal militias that attack other countries and hence are likely to come under counter-attack !	12	Indicative
Your answer is very sweet , but I 'm not compassionate towards teenage high school students .	2	Indicative
We have changed our e-mail address .	1	Indicative
( 6 ) A coherent framework for the application of Community Ecodesign requirements for EUPs should be established with the aim of ensuring the free movement of those products which comply and of improving their overall environmental impact .	30	Indicative
Quinn had never seen anyone move in such a manner , and he realized at once that this was the same person he had spoken to on the phone .	18	Indicative
- a communication on whether this programme should be continued and adapted , accompanied by an appropriate proposal .	7	Indicative
If you prefer larger cupcakes , then add a half a cup but make sure the muffin pan is larger and the cupcake holders are bigger .	18	Indicative
These theme parks have all types of facilities .	3	Indicative
Nota has no swagger but he is war-hardened .	1	Indicative
Do n't think I do n't know I 've got some bad times coming to me , he said , as if taking up , in private , current talk about himself .	9	Indicative
Alteration of the Mississippi River and the destruction of wetlands at its mouth have left the area around New Orleans abnormally vulnerable to the forces of nature .	13	Indicative
I do know that most of the time this plant was not buring like it did in July and August of this year .	15	Indicative
It also is likely people have released some of these animals into the wild hoping they would survive -- for instance , a ranger in Glacier Park caught someone in this very act not long ago .	2	Indicative
A ceramic bowl will work best , but plastic works too .	9	Indicative
And between the time I began my research and the time I applied , the minimum score did change once .	5	Indicative
Charles , despite his harsh actions , had been seen as a ruler empathetic to the needs of the Netherlands .	7	Indicative
Thank you for your time and attention .	0	Indicative
But this is what he says about civet cats :	2	Indicative
The Commission proposals refer to the four pillars of employment strategy and the five fields of action of the European Social Fund .	3	Indicative
( not church morality , no that is phoney , love thy neighbor ... hell no , kill thy neighbor - now that is REAL MORALITY ????? )	7	Indicative
Reports are circulating in the intelligence community that the Andaman Islands are not only thick with Myanmar rebels .	11	Indicative
One variation is Quarter Snitch Quidditch .	2	Indicative
" I 'm going to jail either way , hope it was worth it . "	2	Indicative
Being hungry , you know , and kept on my feet too , I was getting savage .	4	Indicative
Founder Jack Smith got the idea of accessing e-mail via the web from a computer anywhere in the world .	3	Indicative
Ounces measure weight , pints measure volume .	1	Indicative
Find anything , Dad ? said Fred eagerly .	5	Indicative
she told me that after friday and saturday she felt i was slowly regressing .	9	Indicative
Only if it is of the quality of That 's Amore .	3	Indicative
We all regret that the European Committee for Standardisation ( CEN ) has not been able , in the required time , to carry out the amendment of the provisions necessary for the required harmonisation within the European Union .	12	Indicative
I think he 'd have embraced Henry Davis .	4	Indicative
It is trying to play ice hockey by sending a ballerina ice - skater into the ring or to knock out a heavyweight boxer by a chess player .	1	Indicative
When a view has multiple row and column fields , the fields that are closest to the detail data are referred to as inner fields .	3	Indicative
you live in NZ and you eat McDonald s ice cream ?	6	Indicative
So you 've finally learned the days of the week .	4	Indicative
What 's going on with the UBS weather position ?	1	Indicative
The only problem that I have experienced is the landlord .	7	Indicative
It 's natural and so long as you do n't see any serious deterioration in their health is nothing to worry about .	17	Indicative
I hope you do n't mind , but I 've taken liberty to turn them into a web photo album at http://24.27.98.30/pictures/08-05_Garrett_Gayle_Bday .	3	Indicative
" What happened ? Did your dog eat it ? " he said , making a joke .	4	Indicative
That address is .	2	Indicative
and if he did n't , then Quinn was going nowhere , was wasting his time .	3	Indicative
They had asked Percy if he wanted to join them , but he had said he was busy .	16	Indicative
I wonder whether they are in the debate this evening .	4	Indicative
For reasons that were never made clear to him , he suddenly felt an irresistible urge for a particular red notebook at the bottom .	3	Indicative
Kids fun games and video shows are added to the other facilities .	6	Indicative
The best Supermarket in Bay Ridge have everything what a customer needs .	6	Indicative
Whether that unity endures will depend on how Europe responds .	4	Indicative
Currently , we 're in talks with people .	3	Indicative
These are the four main pillars of the current World Conflict , or perhaps we should already refer to it as " the undeclared World War III " :	1	Indicative
So I question whether or not you want to publish info about fundamental standards that we can not yet report against .	2	Indicative
I 'm still at home .	1	Indicative
best quote ever My gate was stuck halfway open so I called A CLASS Garage Doors Dr Services .	11	Indicative
I would very much like to know on what kind of scientific evidence the Greens are basing all these amendments .	15	Indicative
The traditional greeting known as the wai , where you press your hands together as is in prayer and bow slightly , is derived from the Hindu cultural influence from India , and still widely practised .	19	Indicative
I believe it is workable , though it may be somewhat complicated .	3	Indicative
I had therefore been hoping for a common sense reply , Commissioner , not a technical one .	1	Indicative
Onion Rings are great and the fries are endless .	7	Indicative
EDIT : How did I know ...	3	Indicative
The collapse of and intervention in dozens of banks lead to a flight of capital , causing businesses to go bankrupt .	9	Indicative
Well , I 'm about to graduate in less then a year , and I 'm planning to study medical school .	15	Indicative
i 've seen that ....... that does not help me at all it says what cubism influenced not what influnced cubism	19	Indicative
He was friends with Théophile Gautier and Pierre - Marie - Charles De Bernard du Grail De La Villette , and he knew Victor Hugo .	22	Indicative
If the baby is feathered yet - which I 'm sure he is mostly - he should be fine .	12	Indicative
Busy-minded people , with their head-culture that touches all surfaces , have heard of Einstein .	7	Indicative
try to train him to heel , which means to walk round you before he needs to go on a leash , and he may do that .	8	Indicative
In Shakespeare 's day , English grammar , spelling and pronunciation were less standardised than they are now , and his use of language helped shape modern English .	16	Indicative
There is no easy answer to the painful issue of abortion .	1	Indicative
This is what we are today asking the Commissioner for .	4	Indicative
I 'm mostly joking when I talk about suicide and really I 'm not that stupid I just get in stupid situations D:	1	Indicative
" Their screams changed , " Dr. Fortier said .	3	Indicative
Praise be : Given the void in responsible behavior among governments , police , educational establishments and religions , the task of guiding our youth down the path of righteousness has fallen to ... Satan "	30	Indicative
even if they did , our risk is limited to the premium , not some big payout .	7	Indicative
Now , the best of that unique food comes at the very beginning of the meal .	8	Indicative
I wondered who did all the work on Earth .	1	Indicative
In addition , there are also two information centers located at the airport and Hadibo .	4	Indicative
All I can say is that Elmira you are the best I ve experienced , never before has the seamstress done a perfect job until i met you .	17	Indicative
The food is superb and they were delivered nice and hot !	6	Indicative
In the 20th century , between 1904 and 1914 , Antonio Gaudí brought about a reform that lasted ten years .	12	Indicative
Friday is a bad day ( Performance Review Committee all day ) .	1	Indicative
It is a hub for American Airlines and Southwest Airlines .	1	Indicative
When you copy an interior horizontal line , the new line is halfway between the line you copied and the line below the line you copied .	11	Indicative
I apologize for the following inconvenience , but I have decided to move this group to Yahoo , so that we can post files and photos and other useful things .	1	Indicative
It is a fairly standard , fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar .	1	Indicative
We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same - gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights , responsibilities , and commitments of civil marriage .	1	Indicative
Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosencreutz , which suggests ( and most people who ’ve heard of it suppose ) that the wedding is Christian ’s .	29	Indicative
It 's a little hard to parse , but at this point his ostensible view is that the Gateses are very good money - redistributors , and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible .	1	Indicative
i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs .	16	Indicative
So do n't pack your bags , yet .	1	Imperative-Jussive
I do nt go there anymore	1	Indicative
I 've had a lot of cats who refused to eat the canned food .	8	Indicative
CAMBRIDGE – The promise that each generation will be better off than the last is a fundamental tenet of modern society .	7	Indicative
With regard to the aspects of euro protection , where the responsibility belongs to the Member States , expertise was systematically sought in their specialised services .	19	Indicative
I do n't steal , I was n't acting suspiciously .	1	Indicative
This is where the payoff comes in , what makes the joke succeed or fail .	5	Indicative
She added that recent visits to the island by India 's top military brass including army chief General Nirmal Chander Vij have " caused apprehension among Tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island " .	1	Indicative
I was saddened to see the reviews that claimed World Hats Mart has poor service .	12	Indicative
Do n't even get me started on how expensive it is to drink there .	3	Imperative-Jussive
Also they will fill your tires with air and other small maintenance tasks for free , even if you did n't buy your car there !	19	Indicative
Since he arrived eighteen months ago there 's been damn all for him to do except go fishing up at Rinsala .	7	Indicative
The United States has shown that it holds negotiations in contempt .	3	Indicative
Libertarians share many policy positions with each of the major parties .	1	Indicative
However General Barno insists the US presence poses no threat to Iran .	7	Indicative
I dropped the truck off in the morning and it was ready that afternoon .	1	Indicative
Do n't let the nondescript building entrance fool you , these are some creative and talented chefs ... two thumbs way , way up !	0	Imperative-Jussive
This way they will see that your hand is good and it s not going to grab them or hurt them .	12	Indicative
You say I cook chicken , is n't it ?	1	Indicative
Within 24 hours every Communist assault had been defeated except in the ancient capital of Hue .	6	Indicative
This blue was almost the same as his eyes : a milky blue that seemed to dissolve into a mixture of sky and clouds .	2	Indicative
It was a tournament that I wish we 'd actually gone back to more often .	1	Indicative
We oppose the excessive control the central administration of the Union and its Member States exercises and we are calling for a reduction in the bureaucracy that has taken root in the drafting and implementation of programmes .	18	Indicative
He sat there dumbly in his seat , looking back at Stillman .	1	Indicative
An Afghan official at the meeting added , ‘’ The Americans now realise that the Taliban are a bigger threat to our security than Al Qaeda . ’’	12	Indicative
Infected ants chose food laced with toxic hydrogen peroxide , whereas healthy ants avoided it .	2	Indicative
If you have a strong aversion to this outcome , aiming head-downward before impact in the manner of an Olympic diver may ensure the destruction of your cranium and your immediate demise .	2	Indicative
The work on my car was done quickly and I felt I could trust his work .	5	Indicative
He felt himself the middle-aged relative , a man of vague repute come from afar to the wedding and drawn helplessly and not unenjoyably into everything .	1	Indicative
Make checks payable to Kendel Bunnell c / o Benefit for Abby Freeman	0	Imperative-Jussive
On the fear angle -- talk her into coming to the pet store with you .	5	Imperative-Jussive
The same week , the WTC head testified that while they had not received any briefing on the use of planes , they had taken steps to prepare for an attack using anthrax based on intelligence that had been received .	7	Indicative
Nor did she realize that he wrote popular literature which aimed to please the general public and in no way wished to be associated with serious literature .	10	Indicative
Police in the Indian capital Delhi say they have arrested the suspected co-ordinator and financier of last month 's deadly bomb blasts in the city .	6	Indicative
Puree it until smooth , then put it in a food storage bag and freeze until you need it .	17	Indicative
Each evening you will get a ' magazine ' called The Navigator which lists all of the activities for the next day .	13	Indicative
I would recommend to start with something more simple like tin , pewter , aluminum or zinc , they all have a much more reasonable melting point .	20	Indicative
I would like maybe 5 stalls per barn so make sure the stalls are not that big so it can fit .	13	Indicative
It results in a less clear definition and is , in our view , an unnecessary change .	8	Indicative
That is the source of Tana 's concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system .	1	Indicative
I got dressed , but my page was quicker than I was and ran out of the chamber to see what was what .	21	Indicative
Days away : Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 ( assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return )	18	Indicative
Usually you have the main show and some type of entertainment before and perhaps afterward .	2	Indicative
I try to say it every time as if it was the first time I said it .	15	Indicative
Theravada Buddhist monks are also supposed to avoid material temptations and as such , are not allowed to touch money , so offering money to a monk is considered to be a sign of disrespect in most Theravada Buddhist cultures .	27	Indicative
However , I 've read on the internet that the French dating etiquette is totally different .	3	Indicative
I was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that I have had in my life .	13	Indicative
I recently traveled to Canada on business and had a most excellent experience .	8	Indicative
You do realise it is quite expensive to visit Ireland ?	4	Indicative
How is the night life in Naha ?	1	Indicative
Another thing was two different time scapes : one goes very slow and one goes very fast and they almost kind of meet in the end .	22	Indicative
It pleased him to watch it leave his mouth in gusts , disperse , and take on new definition as the light caught it .	22	Indicative
In her opening remarks for attendees , Waters pointed out those features to attendees , noting the touches of the Warhol Factory , or the studio where he worked , that were present around them .	28	Indicative
If everything is looking good you may add you betta to its new home .	2	Indicative
I 'm looking after Colonel Bray , no need to bother him .	1	Indicative
The man told him that a war between the two universes is coming , as he and Walter had predicted ; it is for this reason that Olivia , among others , was trained as a child .	18	Indicative
I do n't know about the playstation situation but I do know that Microsoft has said they do n't see the Xbox 360 as being even halfway through its lifetime .	14	Indicative
I choose Console Pros and I 'm happy I did .	6	Indicative
We then called the office and the man we spoke to said he 'd send someone out to look at it but could n't promise when - two weeks came and went and we heard nothing .	11	Indicative
He was dehydrated when he got there and lost weight .	1	Indicative
However , he left my horse without a shoe for TWO WEEKS ( now that 's what I call a crap farrier ) .	3	Indicative
We are still trying to work the PSE swap transaction , now that the forex desk has been able to find a fix for CPI in the market .	16	Indicative
For five years he had kept William Wilson 's identity a secret , and he was n't about to give it away now , least of all to an imbecile stranger .	4	Indicative
[ an error occurred while processing this directive ]	3	Indicative
Prominent Builders in New Jersey are one the best building contractors , I was referred to them by my friend , I am so glad I used them for my Home renovation , and addition .	26	Indicative
Its implementation would certainly require extending the scope of redistribution instruments such as the Structural Funds .	2	Indicative
These changes are occurring across all species , Parmesan told UPI 's Climate .	9	Indicative
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company ' Moore Noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics .	17	Indicative
He 's dropping weight , but most of that came from being at the trainer s and being ridden hard for 60 days .	1	Indicative
The flat-rate approach produces more risk of overcompensation , which is why we have set the margin at 2.6 -% .	13	Indicative
We have tried many different computer people until now - we will stick with Qualitech Computers !!!	1	Indicative
In January 2011 , Blunt began filming an American science - fiction film , Looper , directed by Rian Johnson and co-starring Bruce Willis and Joseph Gordon - Levitt ; the film was released in September 2012 .	32	Indicative
Never train out of fear .	1	Imperative-Jussive
Oh , they also charged me for the procedure ( $ 250 ) AND had the audacity to charge me a $ 25 ' DISPOSAL ' fee .	4	Indicative
The new NCL Epic does sound amazing , although I have n't sailed on her yet .	4	Indicative
Do n't you think it 's time we talked ?	5	Indicative
It 's amazing how he deals with those fellows – better than I do , I can tell you .	13	Indicative
I like that something will be a bit of secret , or even unreliable narrator : someone tells something and first you trust him but then you read more and you become thrilled by everything .	17	Indicative
They 're going to talk about their kids , they 're going to talk about football , they 're going to talk about the weather .	10	Indicative
I attended it for 2 years , and that was enough .	9	Indicative
He also inspected my entie roof to see if there was anything else that needed attention .	2	Indicative
Are you free for lunch some day this week ?	0	Indicative
When you move a field to the column area , the unique items of data are displayed across the columns .	2	Indicative
maybe you should understand how the world works & realize you are just like any other person & not put yourself on a pedestal .	7	Indicative
If you have not already made these decisions , Essie 's guidance should be helpful .	2	Indicative
This debate and the amendment of the Directive currently in force allow us to incorporate differentiating elements which demonstrate the diversity of this Europe of ours .	11	Indicative
You must keep intact all notices that refer to this License and to the disclaimer of warranties .	7	Indicative
certainly they have n't much to offer when they look for jobs with the BBC .	9	Indicative
Whatever you like !	2	Indicative
They were both Mets fans , and the hopelessness of that passion had created a bond between them .	12	Indicative
Rent a car and spend a couple days outside of Dublin seeing the countryside and you will have the trip of a lifetime .	0	Imperative-Jussive
It will , I hope , be examined in a positive light .	4	Indicative
S. and I have an acquaintance who has hosted several of these children for many years ; to see these little ones breaks the heart .	22	Indicative
That 's very sweet of you , dear , but it 's dull work , said Mrs Weasley .	15	Indicative
I highly recommend his shop .	2	Indicative
The " recent events " are likely to be the attacks of 21 October that briefly took down popular websites such as Reddit , Twitter and Spotify as well as many others .	5	Indicative
Pewter is perfect for what you are doing , and it melts on a stove top .	11	Indicative
That 's overstating it , I know .	6	Indicative
Fort Lee is located between the Paramus , NJ retail corridor and Upper Manhattan .	2	Indicative
I assume you are talking about a pacman frog .	1	Indicative
In a recently-accepted Evolution paper Bos and colleagues describe ants appearing to self-medicate .	8	Indicative
Filter fields allow you to confine the view to a particular part of the available data .	2	Indicative
( There initially was an outstanding $ 2 million reward -- under the rewards for justice program , the reward now is up to $ 5 million . ) .	3	Indicative
We just came to visit . "	2	Indicative
Do n't judge a book by its cover	0	Imperative-Jussive
Additionally , when there was confusion ( my fault ) , they left me flowers along with a personalized gift .	4	Indicative
Since wolf recovery , streamside plants , willows and cottonwoods provide food for other critters -- beavers , a whole variety of avian species , berry - producing shrubs that bears can use .	30	Indicative
Very briefly , I would like to thank the various Members for their interventions and to tell you that safety is one of the Commission 's priorities in the field of transport .	20	Indicative
It is all about this very subject ... bars and food .	1	Indicative
You will notice that Questar has requested a " Payment Plan " that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events .	5	Indicative
Yes , you still have a few bugs , but that 's going to be anywhere you go !	4	Indicative
The poor quality starts at the receptionist desk , where the staff is very impatient and lack the efficiency I once loved about the office .	12	Indicative
" I can only imagine that this is what Hiroshima looked like 60 years ago , " said Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour after viewing the destruction from the air .	7	Indicative
I know I need some of your organizational skills .	3	Indicative
Silent , I give his case some thought .	3	Indicative
Feel the meaning , do n't just think of its wordy meaning or try to translate from Sanskrit ( BABA NAM KEVALAM ) to an English meaning ( Infinite peace and happiness ) .	0	Imperative-Jussive
But , you could live where ever you fancy takes you .	9	Indicative
Bottom line is that when it 's a small privatly owned resturant like this is you can tell that the owners and employees take pride in their product and service .	14	Indicative
Naturally the Commission will do its best to ensure that progress is made .	11	Indicative
These responses have the added benefit of being natural launching points for conversations about your hobbies , like the writing you 're doing on the side and the great bourbon you tasted the other day .	2	Indicative
<< He could do little during the day , for Murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite Lucas , or Lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness .	11	Indicative
I ventured to hint that the Company was run for profit .	1	Indicative
I turned to Whitman to find some understanding of what is happening in the world right now .	10	Indicative
They sit by the gates asking alms , then whine avoidance of them &amp; horror .	1	Indicative
Throw on some old clothes or put a smock over clothes you want protected .	12	Indicative
They had asked Percy if he wanted to join them , but he had said he was busy .	14	Indicative
are there any sadists out there who share the same tastes as i do ?	13	Indicative
when the door opens , he will get that the one room is hers , and he will be OK with that .	12	Indicative
Technically , blackberry was because it was the first with real email and games and stuff .	3	Indicative
Iranian officials say they made no objections to Khan ’s ouster because they want to strengthen Karzai ’s campaign against warlords .	13	Indicative
Hope you unde$tood the me$$age I do have an " S " key on my computer .	6	Indicative
When there are a lot of people , say , " You 're probably wondering why I 've gathered you here today . "	12	Indicative
I did all my research and am well prepared to keep one , I 'm 14 by the way	14	Indicative
If you have any questions , please request clarification prior to rating the answer .	7	Imperative-Jussive
“ What do you think was the main reason for these experiences ? ”	2	Indicative
Disney won another Honorary Academy Award , which consisted of one full - sized and seven miniature Oscar statuettes .	1	Indicative
Life at The Burrow was as different as possible from life in Privet Drive .	4	Indicative
For example , Balzac 's friend Hyacinthe De Latouche had knowledge of hanging wallpaper .	9	Indicative
I 've been fuming over this fact for a few weeks now , ever since some organizations and governments suggested we need to accept the fact that Hezbollah will get involved in running Lebanon .	19	Indicative
There were 2 in our group , and a 3rd person was also in the parking lot waiting for this class .	11	Indicative
Dr. Faris is a great doctor !	2	Indicative
Hot Iron has become a favorite of our family .	2	Indicative
I worked with some great musicians and performed around the world .	1	Indicative
You see , said Quinn , I 'm not making it up . I even have proof .	15	Indicative
The report is also imprudent in introducing issues not included in the mandate given by the Conference of Presidents .	2	Indicative
Certainly he fidgeted on his chair a good deal , exclaimed , ' Ah , Mr. Kurtz ! ' broke the stick of sealing-wax and seemed dumbfounded by the accident .	2	Indicative
Give yourself the gift of visiting Winterowd Fine Art !	0	Imperative-Jussive
When there are a lot of people , say , " You 're probably wondering why I 've gathered you here today . "	2	Indicative
- The target groups for the programme have been reached in part with a very high participation by law enforcement officials ;	7	Indicative
If you have any comments , please let me know .	7	Imperative-Jussive
The " Hatfill theory " accusing Dr. Stephen Hatfill was always highly dubious .	9	Indicative
I plan on taking Michael to the new Star Wars exhibit at the Museum of Fine Arts .	1	Indicative
" Kosher food is far more expensive than other kinds , " I say .	3	Indicative
I refer to VNHH often and love you guys .	1	Indicative
Do your writers have similar rules of thumb ?	0	Indicative
I called the next morning to let then know my wife would be driving in .	1	Indicative
Please help i m worried about him !!!	1	Imperative-Jussive
" It is amazing , " reported SaskTel unlimited data customer Lindsay Gay last month .	2	Indicative
The latter date can only have fallen on a Friday if an exceptional leap month had been introduced that year , but this was favoured by Newton .	23	Indicative
i mean a 2 day stay was a ok stay even tho the manager looked like he was chineze and that we only slept and went out from 8 to 7 to see New York .	6	Indicative
Restaurant on top was renovated , food was decent , price was way to high for Duluth for quality , new decor seems tacky	3	Indicative
The amount of transportation revenues recorded in the general ledger is $ 165.9 m .	4	Indicative
With Wikinews , Sarvis discusses his background , views on McDonnell 's tenure , keys to campaign success , plan to implement his agenda , and the former Virginia governor he most admires .	8	Indicative
Both the time and the sequence of events of this incident were vigorously discussed .	11	Indicative
If it 's inherently negative , then they 're either over-zealous , ignorant of other people or what to avoid those that contradict their fantasy land that caters to them and them only .	8	Indicative
I du n no how they did it , but Scottish friends --- this is THE REAL DEAL .	6	Indicative
They sell these kits in most hobby and craft stores .	1	Indicative
Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to -- and trust me we have been to a lot of them .	5	Indicative
Scholars are not certain when each of the 154 sonnets was composed , but evidence suggests that Shakespeare wrote sonnets throughout his career for a private readership .	15	Indicative
It is also peak tourist season , which means there are far more people just about everywhere but the most remote corners of the island , and prices are at their highest .	8	Indicative
“ We are actively thinking of possible ways to limit the scope of litigation to only those with a real standing in a project , ” he was quoted as saying .	2	Indicative
Second , he could not fully grasp that rising real material living standards for the working class might well go hand in hand with a rising rate of exploitation – that is , a smaller income share for labor .	17	Indicative
I have to say that the baby does not scream after her of anything ... he / she sleeps .	18	Indicative
You might therefore wish to start right in on the first page of text that follows and only then return to this introduction .	15	Indicative
Do tell me where you bought your dress , Mrs Mason	0	Indicative
talk to you then .	0	Imperative-Jussive
If you do n't want to retain your filter selections , make sure the AutoFilter button is not selected before you start selecting items to filter .	16	Indicative
That is why I want to highlight some of the issues that I believe the Commission must have at the forefront .	1	Indicative
For example , I would like to know if Rothko or Kline did any work on paper .	12	Indicative
In addition to continuing to write , he convened and chaired the first International Meeting on Linguistic Research in Geneva in 1930 , and acted as president of the Fourth International Congress of Linguists in Copenhagen in 1936 .	24	Indicative
When you distribute a Web page that uses components , users who do not have the components installed will be prompted to install the components , provided the Web page designer configures the components to do so .	2	Indicative
Yeah , he 's smart . But he talks too much .	3	Indicative
The second vendor charged $ 55 ( less than half of what A&E charges ) to come and applied that to the price of the repair service ( which A&E does not ) .	3	Indicative
Where there had been only one beaver colony in the park 's northern range before the wolves returned , now there are nine .	17	Indicative
My real problem is with literalist fundamentalists , of any religion .	3	Indicative
Europe 's wars , white men 's killings among themselves . What 's that to me ?	12	Indicative
I dislike this urban society and want to leave this whole enviroment .	6	Indicative
My major influences on performance are Eugene Burger and Michael Skinner .	5	Indicative
I do n't like that option though - I think it 's pretty cruel and I'd not done properly you 'll end up really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop possible injury to your snake .	11	Indicative
This makes your first language a proto-language — a language that branches off into a family of languages .	1	Indicative
Both unbeaten teams going in , the Brazillian team won the championship and $ 50,000 .	9	Indicative
Voters see the two major party nominees as exemplifying what is worst about their respective parties , and they want something better .	1	Indicative
English is the dominant language in Phoenix .	1	Indicative
In a Hadith the Messenger of Allah explains that the souls of the martyrs are in the hearts of green birds that fly wherever they please in the Paradise .	22	Indicative
We all laughed at the idea , except for a chemist with a crooked nose and rouge caked in the creases of her face , who was incensed .	2	Indicative
I am not saying it is a 5 star hotel .	1	Indicative
Watching a coast as it slips by the ship is like thinking about an enigma .	9	Indicative
As he did , he accumulated points toward his National Guard service requirements .	5	Indicative
The central space was used to observe the rising of the sun and full moon .	3	Indicative
A helicopter snored over the celebrations , drowning the exchange of greetings when Bray was introduced to someone in the street , expunging conversation in bars and even speeches .	14	Indicative
This is in also line with Recital ( 7 ) of the Pericles Decision .	1	Indicative
Dusty and I , we like to say , on Sunday , this is where we go to church .	13	Indicative
In case of an earthquake , stay under a sturdy table and do n't go outside as possible debris will fall .	6	Imperative-Jussive
The young were mostly dead , and the old men had been taken away , they told us , to learn important new things and to come back when they were ready to contribute fully .	16	Indicative
He 's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he 's been in town for awhile .	9	Indicative
Thank You Barry s Auto Tech !	0	Indicative
Drop areas are displayed differently depending on the chart type .	2	Indicative
Those who show up and complain , but are not participating in the working groups and the daily Ercot phone calls , board meetings , etc. are ignored .	5	Indicative
We want an original take .	1	Indicative
It is fair to say that this creates an unprecedented breeding ground for cruel dictators , terror networks , fanaticism , incitement , suicide murders and general decline .	7	Indicative
THIS IS ABSOLUTELY LEGAL !!!! !	1	Indicative
When creating a data access page , you can choose whether you want to link the page to a connection file or simply use a connection file without creating a link .	12	Indicative
If you do not they will start to rot !	2	Indicative
Cherokee Finance VOF is assigned to North America ( Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker ) .	3	Indicative
Turn up your sound a bit .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Abel - François Villemain , a recent arrival from the Collège Charlemagne , lectured on French and classical literature .	13	Indicative
We felt it was his day , after all .	1	Indicative
Mrs. Wentz had the tone of voice that sounds as if the speaker is addressing noone but himself .	13	Indicative
It ’s fair to say that Rocco Catalano works , lives and breathes retro .	1	Indicative
Olivia went in to change the record and because it was , unexpectedly , Mozart – the harp and Mute concerto – he lit a cigar to smoke while he enjoyed it .	23	Indicative
So that , as they say in Chicago , is where the smart money is .	14	Indicative
These links present the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called Chernobyl :	7	Indicative
A maximum guaranteed area of 829229 ha is hereby established .	2	Indicative
My point is that these are all just questions and I am undecided as to the answers .	5	Indicative
The consequences do not inspire hope .	4	Indicative
In Shakespeare 's day , English grammar , spelling and pronunciation were less standardised than they are now , and his use of language helped shape modern English .	24	Indicative
Please see attached .	1	Imperative-Jussive
Well maybe a miracle could happen , but let s face it we 're ordinary people and so require practical day to day techniques !	8	Imperative-Jussive
The last one is colourful too but it is about 4 cm long .	3	Indicative
I have a Kodak Camera ( 10.2 Megapixels ) ... Kodak AF 5x OPTICAL LENS ... how do I pause it while recording ?	17	Indicative
You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment , but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you .	24	Indicative
Terminals are numbered from 2 - 4 .	1	Indicative
As far as I can tell , podiobooks.com features " free as in beer " content — material which you can download , but which is n't under a free content license .	8	Indicative
This is one of the best farms I have ever been too .	1	Indicative
PS -- There is a happy hour tonight at Scudeiros on Dallas Street ( just west of the Met Garage ) beginning around 5:00 .	3	Indicative
You also need Pakistani air space .	2	Indicative
Get her to sing , Dando called out proudly .	0	Imperative-Jussive
They called and worked with me to fix it so that it would look perfect .	1	Indicative
James J. Hoecker , the former Federal Energy Regulatory Commission chairman , defended making the December decision and also defended Winter .	12	Indicative
NOW , THEREFORE , we do hereby Order and Direct Major-General Scott , the Command-in-Chief of our Armies , immediately upon receipt of this , our Decree , to proceed with a suitable force and clear the Halls of Congress .	5	Indicative
It is not as precise as a pelham bit because it only uses one rein , though the modern ones have two or three slots on which to put the reins .	12	Indicative
After a quick half-a-dozen bacon sandwiches each , they pulled on their coats and Mrs Weasley took a flowerpot off the kitchen mantelpiece and peered inside .	9	Indicative
In April 2012 , the Turkish Minister President Erdogan announced his government 's plans to free Bosphorus by building the Istanbul Canal parallel to it .	9	Indicative
Regardless of method , the winning seeker wins 30 points for his or her team , unlike the books , in which the snitch is worth 150 points .	24	Indicative
To emancipate the south , but it was a serious failure .	7	Indicative
okay so i live in San Rafael Ca like by the mi pueble and the Home Depot .. what are fun things to do around there ?	3	Indicative
These guys know what they 're doing and helped me in all phases of our project .	5	Indicative
So , let us take the gloves off .	2	Imperative-Jussive
I think he left the Nail out of the shoe as a excuse to come back and see you hey he may be your Prince charming ..	1	Indicative
A connection file uses one of the following file formats :	3	Indicative
What was the actual driving force behind this programme ?	1	Indicative
I had n't seen a lot of the episodes and then my phone started lighting up .	13	Indicative
Then you are free to do what you want .	2	Indicative
For that reason the Commission believes that it is still too early to fix limit values for fuel quality for the year 2005 .	8	Indicative
Let us know your thoughts on this document and if you are comfortable with our using this until such time as the hybrid form is launched .	11	Indicative
3 Days For get that ...	3	Imperative-Jussive
The attempts at making peace finally ended in spring of 1415 and Enrique decided to execute his plan : an invasion of the entire Kingdom of France .	6	Indicative
ANSI-92 provides new reserved words , syntax rules , and wildcard characters that enhance your ability to create queries , filters , and SQL statements .	13	Indicative
The owner warned me that it was the best salsa I would ever had , and he was right .	6	Indicative
The rescued members included Bangladeshis and Rohingya , a stateless minority of Muslims from Myanmar .	1	Indicative
It is certainly for a good cause .	1	Indicative
Fort Lee is the first town on the New Jersey side of the bridge .	2	Indicative
Scholars are not certain when each of the 154 sonnets was composed , but evidence suggests that Shakespeare wrote sonnets throughout his career for a private readership .	1	Indicative
A tourist visa card ( visa de tarjeta del turista ) is necessary for travelers from most nations .	11	Indicative
it s for a craft project ..... i want to use it the way u would use icing ....	8	Indicative
When I finally found someone at the desk who could speak English , they moved our room , but we still did not receive the single queen we had " reserved "	28	Indicative
Such actions are mainly single - country or single - subject actions ( i.e. not eligible under Pericles ) and are systematically coordinated with Pericles by the competent service in the Commission in coordination with Member States .	20	Indicative
Er – I do n't want to be rude or anything , but – this is n't a great time for me to have a house-elf in my bedroom .	3	Indicative
Please contact me if you require any additional information	5	Indicative
" Look how the academy returns the pretty ones we send them !	10	Indicative
Quinn fastened the loop at the end of the string around his middle finger , stood up , and gave it a try .	1	Indicative
When a truckle-bed with a sick man ( some invalided agent from up-country ) was put in there , he exhibited a gentle annoyance .	20	Indicative
If that facility is available to Vice-President – and good luck to him – is it available to other Members ?	14	Indicative
Mike one of owners was awesome , he explained the detailed plan , and executed on time , I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .	4	Indicative
In 1992 , grounds of the former puppet theater , which had been left to the commune , were taken over by players and employees .	18	Indicative
Today the Château is a museum dedicated to the author 's life .	6	Indicative
i have a 3 - 4 month old kitten and i live in forida .	11	Indicative
Hope you and your family survived ok .	5	Indicative
Thought adding a comment would save someone the hassle with a useless trip there .	0	Indicative
" Inhibitory systems are essential for controlling the pattern of activity in the cortex , which has important implications for the mechanisms of cortical operation , according to a Yale School of Medicine study in Neuron ....	3	Indicative
We also need to follow this up and make sure that our rules are transposed by the Member States in good time and - even more importantly - we need to ensure that they are also applied afterwards .	34	Indicative
Chicken saltimboca was excellent and then there 's the chocolate mousse that comes straight from heaven .	7	Indicative
I would like to think that , given his previous experience as a regional President , he will agree to propose indicators , and a strategy , which will favour economic and social cohesion and not just productivity .	17	Indicative
Hope you 're doing good .	2	Indicative
Both my grandparents passed away 4 months apart and Mike was very understanding .	3	Indicative
When not in Texas , I lived in LA and San Francisco .	6	Indicative
This way they will see that your hand is good and it s not going to grab them or hurt them .	8	Indicative
Rabbits do burrow also so do n't be surprised if chicken are falling into holes .	7	Imperative-Jussive
I am doing origami jewelry and found exactly the right things for earrings and got many other ideas there too .	1	Indicative
not only is this place too expensive for what it is , it s horrible !	2	Indicative
wikiHow now has millions of visitors per month .	2	Indicative
It was completed rather late in the war ; although a number of B-29s were equipped with Eagle and it worked well , it came too late to make much difference .	1	Indicative
However , on the document , it referred to the database as National Enforcement and Emergency Management Information System and Intelligence System , adding the words " and Emergency " to the name .	7	Indicative
" They ( electricity generators ) grinned and beared the $ 750 price cap , but this new plan by ISO was too much , " said Dunn , whose committee has been investigating since March .	6	Indicative
Do n’t you think Darfur is repetition ?	5	Indicative
And that 's finally all anyone wants out of a book – to be amused .	2	Indicative
On the rooftop patio of the opulent apartment are tubs of fragrant flowers .	8	Indicative
or is he Not your type ?	1	Indicative
You just want to be sure you can groom and saddle sufficiently and the horse itself is calm enough so that whatever size it is , you can handle it .	16	Indicative
( 18 ) For the assessment of voluntary agreements or other self-regulation measures presented as alternatives to implementing measures , information on at least the following issues should be available :	27	Indicative
oh and please say y one is better thx !!!!!!	6	Indicative
If you do n't finish the task in the allotted time , then you move on to the next one .	14	Indicative
is it comparable to sony products or not ??	0	Indicative
How do you feel about that ?	1	Indicative
Creative Commons is not a party to this License , and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work .	2	Indicative
I interviewed several contractors for a kitchen remodel .	1	Indicative
She is amazing .	1	Indicative
The doctor 's office said that payments had been " reversed " .	7	Indicative
Have fun .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Sounds like your 2 at least tolerate each other , so there is hope there .	0	Indicative
News of the retreat came as a great shock to Danish public opinion which had considered the Danevirke to be impregnable , and General de Meza was promptly relieved of his command .	26	Indicative
My father took off his coat and draped it over the edge of the pew and when I came back from communion I stole his glove .	18	Indicative
Who are you then ?	1	Indicative
They started to haggle .	1	Indicative
I have had parakeets for a VERY long time , and I use pledge .	1	Indicative
Balzac quickly turned to longer works , and by 1826 he had written nine novels , all published under pseudonyms and often produced in collaboration with other writers .	17	Indicative
Some people are willing to take your horse , but they really have old trailers that are not the safest in the world .	2	Indicative
The trouble was , there was already someone sitting on it .	5	Indicative
They DO NOT have a return policy and even if their product SUCKS , they will NOT take it back !	1	Indicative
He looked like a great guy for your group .	1	Indicative
We are also a group who is looking for members for our own select guild called ULGG of GW ... which is a part of the alliance with the same name .	21	Indicative
I left you a voice mail on Friday .	1	Indicative
Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population have been destroyed , with some used as building material and others as urinals .	10	Indicative
One resident of New Orleans said escaping from the storm was " hell " .	5	Indicative
She was shaking her head slowly while Odara was speaking .	1	Indicative
Huskers rule , Sooners drool .	4	Indicative
Unless you have a particular skill they need - and firm job offer before going - I would think twice about it !	2	Indicative
He was replaced around the turn of the 16 th century by Robert Armin , who played roles such as Touchstone in As You Like It and the fool in King Lear .	24	Indicative
This , coupled with the lack of a public safety net , makes health problems a leading source of economic hardship , even for middle-class families .	12	Indicative
It is also a fact that almost everybody in the region blames this situation on the United States , on Israel , on Western Civilization , on Judaism and Christianity , on anyone and anything , except themselves .	11	Indicative
There are numerous desperate people in the world , in different cultures , countries and continents .	1	Indicative
The Escola do Cérebro is a platform that integrates seven digital games into a database .	8	Indicative
If you take a flash light and shine it through the eggs and you see nothing throw them away !	7	Indicative
I faxed you the promotional on 10300 Heritage Office Building with the Nimitz post office .	1	Indicative
He felt a bit awkward .	1	Indicative
John Aubrey reported that Shakespeare had been a country schoolmaster .	2	Indicative
Dampen the mixture with water so it 's ready to provide the right environment for the basil seeds to germinate .	7	Indicative
Xinhua alleged that " Many of the Iraqis , who suffer the American occupation of Iraq , relate their case with that of the Palestinian people , under the Israeli occupation . "	1	Indicative
We have received the executed Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade , Inc. dated March 2 , 2000 .	1	Indicative
The competent services have not included them in the agenda on the grounds that they had been answered in a previous part - session .	3	Indicative
Even in the best of times , it did not lead to an increase in living standards ( except for the bankers ) , and it eventually led to the crisis from which we are only now recovering .	34	Indicative
How 's life on 32 today -- well that 's enough about you let 's talk more about me .	9	Indicative
We do not know what is happening .	1	Indicative
It was a tournament that I wish we 'd actually gone back to more often .	6	Indicative
The Messrs. Kahn and Bruce Briggs say in a prefatory note that their book is " basically an organizational product .	14	Indicative
I am speaking for the first time in this plenary part - session , so this is quite exciting for me , a little like first love , although that did last longer than two minutes .	16	Indicative
There are other amnesties also .	1	Indicative
I made noises with my heels but they were too loud so I stopped .	8	Indicative
And when the job was done every thing was cleaned up and hauled off that same day .	4	Indicative
Also woodpeckers were pecking in the trees and I just sat and watched .	2	Indicative
At night , however , he slept alone , and the avenger might find him .	6	Indicative
The newly released papers , showing him complicit in the airliner bombing , were mentioned	13	Indicative
i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs .	20	Indicative
The doctor swabs her upper arm with antiseptic and says , “ I ’m going to give you something to numb it , okay ? ”	9	Indicative
The house of Annas , in which Jesus was questioned and struck , is within the compound .	8	Indicative
Well , I 've got news for you , boy . I 'm locking you up you 're never going back to that school . never . and if you try and magic yourself out – they 'll expel you !	12	Indicative
Learn from a Cesar Gracie black belt and former ufc fighter !	0	Imperative-Jussive
At last , Auster gave a little shrug , which seemed to acknowledge that they had come to an impasse .	15	Indicative
The 26 so-called " Dark Lady " sonnets , addressed to a married woman , are taken as evidence of heterosexual liaisons .	15	Indicative
The service was also excellent - friendly , helpful and informative without being overbearing .	2	Indicative
The latest figures relate to the 24th of October last year , and tell us that our diesel costs 1,335 euros per litre , compared with the eurozone average of 1,165 euros .	18	Indicative
Then she lets go and falls .	5	Indicative
In 1976 , the racecourse was no longer used ; in 1990 , a fire destroyed what remained of the wooden grandstands , which were later demolished along with the stables .	5	Indicative
It 's okay if it 's a little pricier .	1	Indicative
As early as 1926 , Meyer had written to Irène Joliot - Curie suggesting that Rona work with her to learn how his laboratory could make their own polonium samples .	6	Indicative
James Bateman came the day I called and fixed the problem quickly and efficiently .	8	Indicative
More than ever , police and prosecutors have the tools and the will to go after horrific crimes , even when the defendants are seemingly powerful individuals or institutions .	7	Indicative
cut of all contact and tighten up your PC security .	5	Imperative-Jussive
It was too much for Quinn .	1	Indicative
" The ISO staff sat in a meeting with the governor 's key energy advisers with poker faces , not saying a word about something that was going on at the exact same moment , '' Maviglio said .	26	Indicative
The window did n't break !	2	Indicative
That 's all I know ; I 've had nothing to do with it .	4	Indicative
It 's nice to see that even in the economy we can eat a place that has upscale service , amazing atmosphere , and Incredible food , but not break the bank while enjoying it !	1	Indicative
She is no-nonsense .	1	Indicative
" Waclaw Hanski died in 1841 , and his widow and her admirer finally had the chance to pursue their affections .	3	Indicative
They are friendly and fast .	1	Indicative
Amazon has become the fourth American company with the largest market capitalisation , surpassing ExxonMobil .	1	Indicative
And we bought a few cookies there too , they were fantastic as well ! )	2	Indicative
http://www.myshutter.com Before becoming disabled , I was an AVID amateur photographer .. come and visit and sign our guestbook	16	Imperative-Jussive
How FusionRetail has overcome these issues ?	2	Indicative
There was a time , Mr Panvalkar said , when he felt that they should leave the building .	7	Indicative
In Pakistan national chart besides the transit affliction to transit Venus in the fourth house by FMs Rahu and Mercury , natal Saturn and Venus are also under the close affliction of transit Rahu .	25	Indicative
Ariel Sharon 's aggressive near annexation of almost half of the occupied West Bank and his indefinite postponement of any Palestinian state have created unprecedented rage and violence .	22	Indicative
The first ( n = 31 ) participated in the intervention , the control group ( n = 40 ) was only evaluated using the test before and after the same time interval of interventions .	7	Indicative
Plus , I work with Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that , instead of having a lawyer she has n't dealt with initial it .	3	Indicative
MAKE THOUSANDS !!! --	0	Imperative-Jussive
All it takes is two twist ties and a few seconds of patience .	3	Indicative
Well then I went on a trip to Glasgow and was walking around .	10	Indicative
I have hundreds of VHS movies lying around ... what should I do with them ?	1	Indicative
It has invested $ 3 billion in the African country 's oil industry , which supplies it with seven per cent of its needs .	15	Indicative
They sent over someone who said he knows nothing about curtains and could not show me fabric options or give an estimate .	1	Indicative
I do n't belong here .	1	Indicative
After the Lord Chamberlain 's Men were renamed the King 's Men in 1603 , they entered a special relationship with the new King James .	6	Indicative
Ironically sometimes it is wise to newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs .	3	Indicative
i m pretty sure that they do see things on the tv screen because my cat chases things around the tv screen	1	Indicative
We arrived early and the staff was very accomodating to our families and the situation we were in .	1	Indicative
I 'm looking for websites like flickr.com tumblr.com and autocorrects.com but ones that are n't very common and have a variety of funny pictures !	1	Indicative
So you do n’t have writers coming up with a story and headline , but you will instead have a team of writers choosing the best headlines and then assign it to a particular writer who was not necessarily involved ?	36	Indicative
Similarly , when you delete the last custom group for a field , the custom group field is automatically deleted .	17	Indicative
They are quite messy and you can not hold or pet them .	1	Indicative
Liquidweb.com Rocks !!!	1	Indicative
Everyone is relaxed and having fun !!!	1	Indicative
It 's of no use to me . Quinn looked around the apartment and gestured vaguely .	14	Indicative
The answer is , " Yes ! "	2	Indicative
This development is in line with the recommendation of the evaluator , while the organisation of more technical seminars is also being promoted .	2	Indicative
I congratulated this establishment for doing the research on making NYC pizza because these Scots fcking nailed it .	1	Indicative
hope this helps !!	2	Indicative
The judge in Duffy 's fraud and breach of trust trial ultimately ruled they were within the Senate 's rules when he cleared Duffy of all charges .	14	Indicative
A coalition forces spokesman confirmed they had not received " any weapons from Bosnia " and added they were " not aware of any purchases for Iraq from Bosnia " .	18	Indicative
The one - star review from 2005 is out of date .	7	Indicative
" In late April the newly - weds set off for Paris .	8	Indicative
Jurisdictions which are are approved to trade credit derivatives : Finland , Germany , Norway , Sweden , Switzerland , the U.K , and the U.S. .	3	Indicative
Arial photos of the lab were uranium is being enriched , somewhat like those of chemical weapons stockpiles in Iraq .	7	Indicative
An analysis of 65 bird species in the United Kingdom shows about one - third are laying their eggs four to seven days earlier than they did 25 years ago .	10	Indicative
If someone is continually telling unfunny jokes , do you eventually fire them ?	8	Indicative
I 'm going to show you six , if I can , solutions for helping to save the world .	10	Indicative
We need you ; whatever you like !	6	Indicative
They 'll die off , I suppose .	6	Indicative
They also keep track of the score .	2	Indicative
Yes , I know about the Kindle Fire but that 's not what I want (: Does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars ?	14	Indicative
Therefore , even in those first moments , he had lost ground , was starting to fall behind himself .	13	Indicative
It occurred to Quinn that perhaps Stillman was blind .	7	Indicative
But if -- there 's a painting on the wall in the Oval Office that shows a horseman charging up a steep cliff , and there are at least two other horsemen following .	4	Indicative
You ’ve probably got them just the way you like them , but if you move the adjusters up or down on the straps occasionally , the straps will last longer .	9	Indicative
for Books that Speak for Themselves ....	3	Indicative
Pink or black ballet slippers are also appropriate .	5	Indicative
To avoid confusion , ensure that aliases and column names are always unique in an SQL statement .	4	Imperative-Jussive
Are you saying I 'm bad in bed ?	0	Indicative
There may have been more savings opportunities for households and more diverse funding sources for firms , but the added value of asset - management activity was illusory .	26	Indicative
They have been my only " go - to " resource since we first did business together .	14	Indicative
... fraud and corruption prevent a fair and proper expression of the public voice ;	4	Indicative
The occupation of Iraq has become a guerrilla war , a siege that has lasted more than a thousand days .	4	Indicative
Right now , yeah , he 's helping us right now .	6	Indicative
As I read the letter , I considered the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever wrote it , vs. that of the mind of the man who once said " Bring it on ! "	7	Indicative
The letter bombs were sent in connection with the detention of the blind sheik Abdel Rahman and those responsible for the earlier World Trade Center bombing in 1993 .	3	Indicative
I 'm not driving tonite , but I bet that we could hitch a ride back with Anil .	1	Indicative
If you are looking for a good workout , the Creek Turnpike Trail follows the land 's original contours .	2	Indicative
I am intrigued by the competition for trading platforms and was astonished to hear that Goldman , Morgan , BP and Shell were going to launch a site to compete with yours .	22	Indicative
Also several days before the elections Pakistan closed the border crossing point at Chaman in Baluchistan which is a key entry point for the Taliban into Afghanistan .	17	Indicative
This is by far the best run dealership in Miami .	1	Indicative
Please let me know you preference .	1	Imperative-Jussive
Joseph Darnand , who became an SS officer and led the Milice paramilitaries who hunted down members of the Resistance , was executed in October 1945 .	4	Indicative
Claudio De Vincenti , undersecretary to the prime minister , said " a discussion table will be opened with the non-profit associations , religious association included " ( ( it ) ) .	10	Indicative
Make sure that it is a language that while speaking , you do n't get a literal knot in your tongue !	4	Indicative
i know you remember the bet .	3	Indicative
I love this place lots of people to talk to and school is across the street !	12	Indicative
As of the last advisory , T C Phailin has winds of 190 kilometers per hour and has moved inland , headed on a northwest track .	17	Indicative
At the time , guardsmen were required to accumulate a minimum of 50 points to meet their yearly obligation .	5	Indicative
i use UTH's on all of my burrowing snakes .	1	Indicative
Two of the amendments tabled and adopted unanimously by the committee relate precisely to this amended comitology procedure .	11	Indicative
You can see them visiting and talking as they stroll along the streets , sit in the plazas or dine in the many sidewalk restaurants .	19	Indicative
The square is surrounded by buildings from the Safavid era .	2	Indicative
We oppose the use of sacred texts and religious traditions to deny legal equity to same - gender couples .	1	Indicative
On September 29 , Scientology officials went to the East Los Angeles sheriff 's station where they claimed Montalvo allegedly left the organization with computer hard drives .	17	Indicative
OBSERVATION -- The pressure to finger somebody for " price gouging " is increasing .	12	Indicative
Donald Trump is a pompous , arrogant , entitled person that cares about himself , and his temperament is toxic to the United States .	11	Indicative
Thank you though .	0	Indicative
We could hear every single thing that happened outside like it was inside our room .	11	Indicative
The investors put big bucks into the building but are clueless about what makes a good dining or bar experience .	9	Indicative
The only difference we had was for package V02 .	5	Indicative
Its police includes a special unit which operates patrol and surveillance boats .	2	Indicative
It 's uncompleted though , because the word is part of the term ' aviation '	1	Indicative
Regarding how long the beverage will be made available , Stan remarked to The Brooklyn Paper , " We 'll keep it around until he ’s irrelevant . I hope he ’s there the whole way " .	25	Indicative
It 's no trouble making it for two .	1	Indicative
I have never been disappointed .	1	Indicative
Do you think there are any koreans in Miramar ?	0	Indicative
Is the solution a democratic Arab world ?	0	Indicative
" Wait , wait , is this 50 questions ? " asked Bush .	5	Indicative
Then he went to help Fred and George heave his trunk up the stairs .	8	Indicative
Pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 RAW agents based in Kandahar and another 12 in Jalalabad .	4	Indicative
You do find the ' get the number hop in bed with her ' but be aware that they usually have a reputation as sluts .	15	Imperative-Jussive
I have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket line at the Payne Creek site today .	1	Indicative
Reality hurts when it intrudes ; as such , an arrogant person is less likely than other people to self-reflect or analyse , thereby not seeing their own imperfections .	12	Indicative
This right to love and form a family is so fundamental that our United States Constitution takes it for granted in its dedication to " secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity . ”	8	Indicative
" While we do n't have anything specific to announce today , Google and the Wikimedia Foundation are collaboratively evaluating creative ways to support Wikipedia.org and its community . "	3	Indicative
I love this place lots of people to talk to and school is across the street !	1	Indicative
How they murdered him I do not know , save that it was Murillo 's hand who struck him down , for Lopez had remained to guard me .	2	Indicative
When you make them look bad - even if it is the slightest offense - they will usually be very mad at you .	10	Indicative
" Still , both authors used the form of the realist novel to probe the machinations of society and the myriad motives of human behavior .	5	Indicative
I saw a high starched collar , white cuffs , a light alpaca jacket , snowy trousers , a clear necktie , and varnished boots . No hat .	1	Indicative
I ask one of the hostesses when I may expect to receive a drink and she cries out in irritation , " Back to your seat ! "	11	Indicative
Did you see game tonight , man ?	0	Indicative
Al - Qaeda wants them , Iran wants them , Russia wants the better ones , and all the US wants is to give them all a piece of coal .	21	Indicative
When she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney .	6	Indicative
Rowe was the first biographer to record the tradition , repeated by Johnson , that Shakespeare retired to Stratford ' some years before his death ' .	16	Indicative
Do whatever it is you ’ve been daydreaming about so that the temptation is removed once you get back to work .	5	Indicative
I can tell you that the British Government is aware of its regulatory requirements on Objective 1 additionality .	8	Indicative
Caplan dismisses retrospective voting , quoting a pair of scholars who call it “ no more rational than killing the pharaoh when the Nile does not flood . ”	11	Indicative
Those who 've never heard of this will be amazed to see a chicken lie perfectly still after these instructions are followed .	2	Indicative
The creature slipped off the bed and bowed so low that the end of its long thin nose touched the carpet .	7	Indicative
where did you grow up ?	1	Indicative
The next day i took it to 2 auto shops and they both told me the same thing , engine is junk .	20	Indicative
It ’s really hard to tell .	1	Indicative
Many people at Enron already have this type of chair , but we rarely , if ever , have a surplus because they are so popular .	18	Indicative
It was all sorted with no hassle at all and I 'm really grateful - they were fab .	11	Indicative
I came in 30 min before close and the staff was super helpful .	10	Indicative
i have tried EVERYTHING i can to get him to eat but he refuses .	13	Indicative
Yazid Sufaat provided Moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for Infocus Technologies and allegedly provided him $ 35,000 .	19	Indicative
psychologists have examined the mental processes that underpin conscious and unconscious biases [ 6 ] ;	7	Indicative
From this standpoint , the evaluation of the implementation of the budget may take on a dimension that overrides matters of detail .	18	Indicative
If you have any problems or questions , please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696 .	2	Indicative
" Perhaps the author most affected by Balzac was American expatriate novelist Henry James .	8	Indicative
There were several pimples on her left cheek , obscured by a pimpish smear of pancake makeup , and a wad of chewing gum was crackling in her mouth .	24	Indicative
Greek court has ruled that worshippers of the ancient Greek religion may now formally associate and worship at archeological sites .	14	Indicative
All you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican food , is add a whole lot of pepper .	12	Indicative
Professor Eastman said he is alarmed by what they found .	9	Indicative
Except at the beach or at sacred sites normal western dress is acceptable for both men and women , except that you should avoid clothing showing a lot of skin .	11	Indicative
I do n't live in Lake St. Louis anymore , but deliveries were always correct and the service courteous .	1	Indicative
We start with the headline and then flesh out the story , as opposed to The New York Times , which writes the issue and then has a headline editor to make it snappy .	1	Indicative
I avoided a vast artificial hole somebody had been digging on the slope , the purpose of which I found it impossible to divine .	7	Indicative
As of March 28 , 2003 , he was in a hospital for a cardiac problem and had been granted " pre-arrest bail . "	17	Indicative
An incredible number of people in the Arab world believe that September 11 never happened , or was an American provocation or , even better , a Jewish plot .	17	Indicative
As of August 2015 , Kesha has released little information about her upcoming third studio album .	6	Indicative
Inside the airport under the yellow light the passengers sat down again on exhausted-looking chairs , bundled deep in their heavy clothing .	9	Indicative
A great way to be mischievous in an elevator is to carry on a running commentary while you look at yourself in the mirror .	18	Indicative
It has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time , the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .	11	Indicative
the guy came on time and did n't take any breaks , he went straight to work and finished the job efficiently and promptly !	6	Indicative
Her mentor did not return her passionate , if discreet , love for him , and instead treated her as a younger sister .	2	Indicative
His own descendants and the descendants of other Moriori live on today .	9	Indicative
Another contributory factor has been the decreasing consumption of iodised salt used in foods .	3	Indicative
I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there , but i do know from personal experience that Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka is not a man of his word , and is also very CRUEL AND UNCARING !!	34	Indicative
Imaginary evil is romantic and varied ; real evil is gloomy , monotonous , barren , boring .	9	Indicative
So that ’s a good memory .	2	Indicative
Mohamed brought the digital clock he made to school on September 14 , and a teacher mistakenly thought it resembled a bomb .	6	Indicative
The titular hero of one of Shakespeare 's most famous tragedies , Hamlet , has probably been discussed more than any other Shakespearean character , especially for his famous soliloquy which begins " To be or not to be ;	31	Indicative
I called dominos tonight , it rang forever , I get put on hold twice without saying a word and FINALLY someone says , MAY I HELP YOU ?	10	Indicative
This way , you always know who you 're connecting with .	8	Indicative
You understand it was a Continental concern , that Trading society ; but I have a lot of relations living on the Continent , because it 's cheap and not so nasty as it looks , they say .	3	Indicative
Which do you prefer ?	1	Indicative
However , paying people to write and edit articles ultimately means that you have to make one of two sacrifices .	13	Indicative
Iranian officials say they made no objections to Khan ’s ouster because they want to strengthen Karzai ’s campaign against warlords .	4	Indicative
Guess who I saw in Borgin and Burkes ? Harry asked Ron and Hermione as they climbed the Gringotts steps .	10	Indicative
Chuck and Gretchen were very positive , and when Alan 's refused to work on my bike , Chuck came right out and saw the problem and did what Alan 's mechanic would n't do .	27	Indicative
You see , said Quinn , I 'm not making it up . I even have proof .	7	Indicative
Quality of work is sufficient but not outstanding .	3	Indicative
Each day starts with one or more lectures by researchers , that address the conceptual knowledge needed .	12	Indicative
We now present the kaoshikii dance , which is excellent before and after yoga postures .	2	Indicative
It 's really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in one place and I want to spread the word .	18	Indicative
Of all the missiles in Iran 's armament , the most dangerous is the Russian - made SS - N - 22 Sunburn .	12	Indicative
I got yelled at , literally yelled at because i asked if i could pick up my car 5 - 10 minutes late .	10	Indicative
Her big British eyes are affronted and her bosom has risen with indignation .	4	Indicative
He then " fixed " it for free but it still looked like crap .	11	Indicative
how much does it cost to join world resorts international ?	2	Indicative
Why , are you from there ?	2	Indicative
Our concern is that we do n't want any trading related defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap as a component .	5	Indicative
what does it mean when a veiled chameleon egg is soft ?	9	Indicative
What we are proposing specifically is a unified capital tax , which would make it possible to boost the funds used to support the harmonisation of social protection systems and the reduction of working hours at European level .	2	Indicative
And what is it that has led the Jews to place themselves , after the greatest disaster of their history , in a danger zone ?	2	Indicative
Not only did they answer the phone at 4:50 on a Thursday , they hit the ground moving !.	2	Indicative
Your application is still evaluated on a number of criteria , not all of them as " cast in steel " as the points .	2	Indicative
also make sure you print this out NOW , so you can get the information off of it , as you will need it .	1	Imperative-Jussive
I really do love my snake cause she is actually an affectionate cold - blooded creature .	2	Indicative
I am just middle aged and do not want to die , but thanks to this doctor i have no other alternatives .	18	Indicative
Students like Rai have been meeting with counsellors at the school to talk about what happened , but she said the biggest comfort has come from seeing her friends .	15	Indicative
People were arriving , and the younger one was walking back and forth introducing them .	1	Indicative
Those worthy fellows who 've gone down South to Rhodesia and South Africa where they can feel confident they 'll never have a black man on the Bench to give a verdict as biased as a white man 's .	4	Indicative
The theatre is in an old brick warehouse , which is a block away from the Flying Squirrels stadium .	10	Indicative
Robinson said the emergency order allowed the ISO to secure refunds should overcharges for electricity be proven to federal officials .	5	Indicative
According to a report issued by the Center for Strategic and International Studies in December of 2004 , Iran " has some 540,000 men under arms and over 350,000 reserves .	20	Indicative
Let us know your thoughts on this document and if you are comfortable with our using this until such time as the hybrid form is launched .	24	Indicative
it is now bislas .	1	Indicative
really , i have no idea what you 're talking about .	3	Indicative
Like UFOs or Sasquatch , several people claimed to see fleeting lone wolves , usually in Yellowstone .	7	Indicative
The USI art gallery celebrated the Thursday opening with its display of Warhol 's Polaroids , gelatin silver prints and several colored screen prints .	4	Indicative
Today , the dominant method for reducing insect populations – the so-called " sterile insect technique " ( SIT ) – relies on radiation to sterilize males , which are then released into infested areas to mate .	29	Indicative
He was about to tell her who he was , but then he realized that it made no difference .	8	Indicative
Indeed , the implementation of certain policies is rooted in the assumption that discrimination and biases are , at least to some appreciable amount , present in modern society .	16	Indicative
They went all the way back into town to the flats where the Edwards girl lived ...	1	Indicative
If you 're a fan of herpes , being ripped off , and child molesters , this is the garage for you .	17	Indicative
Some , I heard , got drowned in the surf ; but whether they did or not , nobody seemed particularly to care .	3	Indicative
Was it ?	0	Indicative
However , what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans and attack the ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful Clear and Defend operations .	4	Indicative
There were long days in port with nothing to do .	1	Indicative
She flicked her wand casually at the washing-up in the sink , which began to clean itself , clinking gently in the background .	1	Indicative
And this also , said Marlow suddenly , has been one of the dark places of the earth .	4	Indicative
I think they 'll be very pleased to see you back there .	1	Indicative
It 's really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in one place and I want to spread the word .	9	Indicative
As it stands , while the services sector accounts for more than 70 % of employment in South Korea , its productivity - growth rate remains much lower than that of the manufacturing sector .	25	Indicative
it 's did you watch your girl on tv last night ?	2	Indicative
If that is the case then acupuncture is n't going to hurt him .	2	Indicative
I 'll send it as soon as you resond wether I should or not .	8	Indicative
( Do nt stay in Agra too long .	3	Imperative-Jussive
When you move a field to the data area , the values from the field are used as the data that is measured in the chart .	2	Indicative
Pay any price .	0	Imperative-Jussive
No evidence suggests that Shakespeare approved these editions , which the First Folio describes as " stol ' n and surreptitious copies " .	2	Indicative
It 's never ok to let a customer walk out unhappy , especially when they are right .	1	Indicative
Why did you choose to run in the Republican Party ?	1	Indicative
Fresleven – that was the fellow 's name , a Dane – thought himself wronged somehow in the bargain , so he went ashore and started to hammer the chief of the village with a stick .	3	Indicative
On one occasion , it is implied he is an undercover agent whose target is Homer .	14	Indicative
Finally , we ask that the Commission ensures that Structural Fund monies are spent in a way which is transparent .	18	Indicative
A Bronze Age astronomical observatory was constructed there around 1900 BC and continuously served the nearby community that lived there until about 700 BC .	18	Indicative
The crew at The Creative Workshop went over and above the call of duty and gave me back a car I can drive anywhere and finally enjoy owning .	6	Indicative
not sure how much longer ene is going to be around and i 'm checking out my options !	6	Indicative
She is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out .	13	Indicative
Make $$$ .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Both have shared this country for the last 14 centuries and there is no possible way that one can live without the other .	1	Indicative
Seriously , I talked this morning with Tom Hall and we agreed that Ecogas would pay him $ 53,000 .	3	Indicative
Mrs. Odara had joined the group , running a big , silver-nailed hand through Curtis Pettigrew 's crew-cut hair .	2	Indicative
Vince sold !	1	Indicative
I 'm mostly joking when I talk about suicide and really I 'm not that stupid I just get in stupid situations D:	18	Indicative
- it chemically sets - gets warm to hot then cools down and hard and	10	Indicative
I 'm thinking that I may want to attend .	1	Indicative
The most important thing is that you are comfortable , and that you 're not wearing baggy or loose fitting clothing so you can make sure you 're forming and moving correctly in the mirror .	7	Indicative
ca n't believe you left last night .	4	Indicative
After you paste the line , you do not need to recreate the group – the new line is automatically part of the group .	2	Indicative
Has that gone anywhere or are the other possibilities you had better ?	5	Indicative
yet to understand the effect of it on me you ought to know how I got out there , what I saw , how I went up that river to the place where I first met the poor chap .	21	Indicative
Critics of Scientology at the Internet newsgroup alt.religion.scientology were critical of the attacks to the Church of Scientology website , with one poster writing " How can people look at both sides if one side is gone ? "	8	Indicative
" The American Minister at Damascus decided to encourage a military coup-d'etat , so that Syria might enjoy democracy , " Kedourie writes .	22	Indicative
We were told that we could n't today because they were closing soon .	1	Indicative
Never checked back with us once we got our food .	7	Indicative
Third , with the " new age " Efrem Zimbalist , Jr. in charge of the investigation , it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security .	19	Indicative
Since the check is in my name , I 'll cash it for you .	3	Indicative
i have tried " braining " both live and dead pinkies , and bloodying them up to get his attention , but he does n't care .	23	Indicative
Whatever you order , you will LOVE !	2	Indicative
Hang on – this has n't got anything to do with Vol – sorry – with You Know Who , has it ?	0	Imperative-Jussive
Once you have met Nigel you will not want to work with anyone else .	2	Indicative
Royal Caribbean is better , but the best cruiseline is Regent Seven Seas .	2	Indicative
It 's impossible to understand how this place has survived .	8	Indicative
I can live with these minimum standards , but I would ask the Commission to monitor the situation very carefully .	1	Indicative
He had no genius for organizing , for initiative , or for order even .	1	Indicative
$ 101 m - Amount Lay made from selling his Enron shares just before the company went bankrupt .	16	Indicative
Th-thank you , said Harry , edging along the wall and sinking into his desk chair , next to Hedwig , who was asleep in her large cage .	3	Indicative
An Afghan official at the meeting added , ‘’ The Americans now realise that the Taliban are a bigger threat to our security than Al Qaeda . ’’	16	Indicative
And the exterminator is very nice , also .	3	Indicative
What is this irish tune called !?	1	Indicative
Why do n't you phone another location and ask ♥	1	Indicative
On a form or report , you can also specify that a control is shadowed or chiseled .	13	Indicative
They do n't just dump your ingredients on and cook either , but carefully separate meat to the hotter parts of the grill and still manage to keep the veggies from turning to mush .	14	Indicative
Even Zawahiri 's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced .	23	Indicative
It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range of food at all prices and styles .	1	Indicative
This is not just the fault of the Commission , but I believe that we need to take action more quickly so as to achieve harmonisation in this area as well .	1	Indicative
Sure , some will return , but I have a feeling that once many begin to get jobs and temporary housing , they may be shy about returning .	14	Indicative
For now , analysts are hesitant to write off the service for dead .	4	Indicative
Here are the top ten most requested eSpeakers .	1	Indicative
THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to " breathe " .	1	Imperative-Jussive
Next , place one paper in each of the six envelopes and seal them .	12	Imperative-Jussive
Well last night while I was sleeping , my hamster escaped from his cage .	10	Indicative
STAY AWAY !!!	0	Imperative-Jussive
But a scan has shown the tumour in Ms Pugh 's right lung is growing , and she has had to leave the trial .	3	Indicative
Gloria temporarily improved during the rare times they used conventional treatments , but they soon dropped them in favour of homeopathy , and she consistently worsened .	8	Indicative
Believe it or not , but the channel guide has been most helpful to my family members that visit and do n't know where to start when it comes to watching satellite tv .	28	Indicative
I am just a satisfied customer .	1	Indicative
A common one is arsenic and there really is n't a way to cure that .	8	Indicative
Despite Sept. 11 , the United States still supports the Kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez Musharraf happy .	8	Indicative
He took out his wallet and removed the five-hundred-dollar check that Virginia Stillman had written two weeks earlier .	13	Indicative
Called to check if they had a product I 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .	21	Indicative
Electricity : A panel focuses on price hikes and the actions of the ISO president .	4	Indicative
We are very concerned with providing services that are relevant to that environment .	8	Indicative
" When a chicken or another animal with this tendency becomes frightened , its heart rate lowers and it stops moving .	10	Indicative
I just wanted to know if you had any thoughts on recent NATO actions and the protests coming up at the 60th NATO conference , I know you ’re speaking at the counter-conference .	7	Indicative
Not that there is anything wrong with that because they also employ local people that live and shop in the area .	3	Indicative
it s your cat you can pick and name you want	10	Indicative
Such settlements probably began around 1000 BC , when eastern Melanesians travelled north .	11	Indicative
I asked myself what I was to do there , now my boat was lost .	5	Indicative
can you please give me an update on where you are in the negotiations of the ISDA with the following counterparties and confirm which Enron entity you are negotiating on behalf of .	10	Indicative
The laser is made into the hand grip and has a switch on the side to turn it on .	2	Indicative
He has consistently linked immigration with unemployment , insecurity and criminality , as if evil always comes from elsewhere .	16	Indicative
They also got my friend s order mixed up and wanted to charger her $ 10 more than what she had wanted .	20	Indicative
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year .	33	Indicative
You think there was someone else would have given you the alphabet ! and electricity and killed off the malaria mosquito , just for love ?	1	Indicative
When victims and witnesses speak up , at least sometimes a child is protected , the truth is exposed , and justice is done .	22	Indicative
Now that I live here , this is my favorite place to grab flowers for friends and coworkers !	7	Indicative
Reach over 800 million people where they connect and share .	0	Imperative-Jussive
I wondered if anyone ever went back under the bleachers , if there were crickets or mice there .	13	Indicative
I hav n't heard of it .	1	Indicative
Throughout history , tyrants have known that by denying the right of oppressed peoples to form and nurture families , they can kill the spirit of those peoples .	4	Indicative
However , the friendship has fallen apart due to unofficial collaborations between the two , which has given rise to legal disputes .	4	Indicative
But it is less clear how the government will create additional jobs for women .	8	Indicative
They have the best Egg Drop Soup I have ever tasted .	8	Indicative
We were familiar with Search Engine Optimization strategies , but new nothing about Social Media - we just heard that it was the next big thing .	21	Indicative
Guerrillas threatened to assassinate Prime Minister Iyad Allawi and Minister of Defense Hazem Shaalan in retaliation for the attack .	1	Indicative
Coming from an anglo - saxon country my version of dating is ' getting the number , asking her out , etc. . '	11	Indicative
Ten minutes later , I took my car down the street and it passed the emissions test with flying colors .	13	Indicative
" The book -- I guess one way , one thing to think about it is -- one of the themes would be , I was given a charge to keep .	15	Indicative
The Comédie Humaine remained unfinished at the time of his death - Balzac had plans to include numerous other books , most of which he never started .	26	Indicative
York was known as Eboracum by the Romans , who founded the fortress city on the River Ouse in the year 71 .	10	Indicative
It is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of George Harrison , who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him .	1	Indicative
Catherine of Russia was also very satisfied .	3	Indicative
If you have any questions , please call 503/464-7927 .	2	Indicative
I also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of services that I did not need .	7	Indicative
He seemed to be spinning very fast	1	Indicative
She handed me a shirt she bought at the stadium and she gave me a big hug .	12	Indicative
Be persistent , but do n't pester them about it cause that 'll get you nowhere fast .	4	Indicative
I should have asked then but i did n't the only line i remember is de lunde bar .. or something like that .. does anybody know which song i am talking about ?	24	Indicative
When she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney .	13	Indicative
Zawahiri argued instead that they have been active since the assassination of Anwar Sadat in Egypt because of the Camp David Accord and the resulting peace treaty between Egypt and Israel .	1	Indicative
At one point they told me the dog had been fixed , the next day it had n't .	4	Indicative
She looks up at you and , across the gap of forty meters , smiles a brilliant , heartbreaking smile .	1	Indicative
Per my voicemail message , please review the note below .	6	Imperative-Jussive
The portions were generous and we got out for less than the cost of one entree at some chain restaurant .	2	Indicative
include which one had :	3	Indicative
Atmosphere is always fun , the assortment of customers adds entertainment to the meal	9	Indicative
Thank you .	0	Indicative
I was already a vegetarian when I read it a little more than a year ago , but it was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan .	19	Indicative
You made a choice to be a mommy , you do nt get a break until they move out , that s the choice that you madea and that 's life .	29	Indicative
Have a good weekend .	0	Imperative-Jussive
I bought about half of the furniture I own from this place .	1	Indicative
Sandi sez it 's actually happening at 10 AM and it 's renewable - focused .	3	Indicative
I do n't think it will be hard to keep his weight up so long as he can eat the grain .	1	Indicative
My overall impression was that he did n't seem as interested in the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters .	6	Indicative
Is this correct ?	0	Indicative
He said it sarcastically .	1	Indicative
I believe that offering this right to fork has been a key element of our success thus far .	1	Indicative
The next time you feel like being condescending to someone , it is not going to be me !!!!!!	12	Indicative
So , should Britons look forward with enthusiasm to the future sketched by Carney ?	4	Indicative
3 When you filter a field , the drop-down arrow Field arrow for the filtered field changes to blue instead of black , and the AutoFilter button on the toolbar is selected .	30	Indicative
And with Europe 's help and technical assistance , we will establish one .	10	Indicative
Why do I say peace ?	3	Indicative
why will hav to pay customs if it is a gift ... ??	8	Indicative
FITNESS UNLIMITED is a second home to a lot of us gym members who work out daily .	14	Indicative
" Some sections of the city which are dry now could see nine or 10 feet ( some 3 m ) of water , " he said .	26	Indicative
Tell them it costs like 8 dollars a month ( if even that much ) to keep it fed .	0	Imperative-Jussive
Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "	16	Indicative
I called customer service about it because the website specifically states that there are no other charges at the check - in .	1	Indicative
I SAY LISTEN : I 'm at 17th and LOCUST , do you deliver there ?	5	Indicative
The GOP lead was carried by strong numbers in absentee voting , and their overall edge stood at about 16,500 earlier this week .	3	Indicative
I am very unhappy here .	1	Indicative
If you 've been to North County , chances are it 's in your favorites list already .	9	Indicative
I also find their food way better than many other airlines .	2	Indicative
The Coalition decision to provoke a fight with Muqtada al - Sadr 's movement only three months before the Coalition Provisional Authority goes out of business has to be seen as a form of gross incompetence in governance .	26	Indicative
Her mother Wajiha al-Sabunji was an artist from Mosul .	4	Indicative
i need to now get a job at house of pies b/c that is the only way to pay the bills .	13	Indicative
We had a larger black population in the 70s than we have now but they did not have any power until Willie Brown was elected .	15	Indicative
Do you raid a mosque , which serves as a terrorist ammunition storage ?	0	Indicative
Genesis brought back a sample from the Sun almost two years ago , but Stardust is also bringing back the first solid samples from the local interstellar medium —	15	Indicative
In the early 17 th century , Shakespeare wrote the so-called " problem plays " Measure for Measure , Troilus and Cressida , and All 's Well That Ends Well and a number of his best known tragedies .	28	Indicative
I thought it was Errol 's fault at first –	3	Indicative
remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it , and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time .	7	Indicative
I learned that morcillas are basically impossible to find all across the North American region .	1	Indicative
EDIT : My memory may not be good so you might get a more accurate answer from someone else who remembers the time .	20	Indicative
Conf call : AT&T lines have been reserved .	5	Indicative
America 's fiscal and monetary policies , for example , will always be driven by domestic considerations first ( if not second and third as well ) .	10	Indicative
how can we ensure that Union policy interfaces with the subsidiary national policies for regional development ?	1	Imperative-Jussive
He thanked him , listening to the two men at once and hearing neither , and followed the firm rump in white shorts past barriers and through the reception hall .	1	Indicative
Also , add a semicolon at the end of clause ( i ) .	2	Imperative-Jussive
Construction was underway at the mosque in order to enlarge the mosque and improve crowd control , which has been a recurring problem during Mecca 's pilgrimages .	1	Indicative
I LIVE THERE !	1	Indicative
I have seen horses Loose Nails On there Own And do just fine with ONE nail gone Now if he had left out 2 or 3 I would be wondering to ...	4	Indicative
At the same time that one truly European own resource is waning rapidly in its importance .	10	Indicative
Although the city was not destroyed in the aftermath , the material losses were serious as the machinery , raw materials and finished goods were taken away by the fleeing Nazis .	13	Indicative
Its support base is much larger than what it seems .	3	Indicative
The necessary report functionality should be available within the AS400 , however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical VBA / excel reports outside of the AS400 but using AS400 data downloads .	13	Indicative
Arthur and I have been worried about you , too .	3	Indicative
and hopefully you do not know the same people because he tells others about you payment status .	3	Indicative
This common black ant eats other insects , and also aphid honeydew .	4	Indicative
When I arrived at Brickell Honda on 6/4/11 , I was greeted and attended to by the Sales Manager , Gustavo Guerra , in a very friendly and professional manner .	2	Indicative
He never once contacted us .	3	Indicative
His early plays were mainly comedies and histories , genres he raised to the peak of sophistication and artistry by the end of the 16 th century .	11	Indicative
So , should Britons look forward with enthusiasm to the future sketched by Carney ?	2	Indicative
It is busy every day at lunch for a reason , the service is fast and the food is great .	18	Indicative
They said that we were to be charged for this room regardless because we did not cancel within the 72 hours .	1	Indicative
She was wearing a flowered apron with a wand sticking out of the pocket .	1	Indicative
I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $ 65 puts are in the money and the $ 75 call is also in the money .	1	Indicative
I do realise that this is only a small step towards increased transport safety , but I would ask you to endorse this report .	2	Indicative
A second set of problems concerns the need to ensure that the economic system is perceived as fundamentally fair , which is the key to its political sustainability .	21	Indicative
It emerged that Chiara , the girl who disappeared with Fabio , had a collection of satanic literature and paraphernalia in her bedroom .	1	Indicative
If you get caught in traffic and are a couple minutes late they make you re-schedule ... for 6 weeks later .	13	Indicative
By completing this maglev line , I think the government is expecting bigger economical development in Japan .	7	Indicative
I have two upcoming events one is for 200 and another is for 21 .	6	Indicative
Loved the pool and BBQ .	0	Indicative
Most people will probably see that this is a joke .	7	Indicative
So I may as well just come out with it : It is pretty suspicious , given the Neocon predominance in the CPA and in the upper reaches of the Defense Department that on April 2 AP reported of Muqtada :	12	Indicative
And then when you do it in an asymptotic way is like you do n't look at the small details .	4	Indicative
In any case , since the book is supposed to be real , it follows that the story has to be written by an eyewitness to the events that take place in it .	29	Indicative
All their meager breasts panted together , the violently dilated nostrils quivered , the eyes stared stonily uphill .	15	Indicative
It is crucial to stop Saudi and other financial support of the outer circle , which is the fertile breeding ground of terror .	1	Indicative
The Texas Education Reform Caucus is made up of business leaders , educators , and elected officials dedicated to finding common sense approaches to improving education in Texas .	5	Indicative
For European citizens , it ensures that the public interest is taken into consideration , which is so important to their daily lives .	5	Indicative
I sat generally on the floor , while , of faultless appearance ( and even slightly scented ) , perching on a high stool , he wrote , he wrote .	1	Indicative
As far as Quinn could tell , the objects Stillman collected were valueless .	11	Indicative
Civic Party 's Jeremy Tam was elected for the first time .	5	Indicative
