I am thinking here , amongst other things , of issues such as the law on abortion .	2	Present
He was incredibly informative about the options I had , giving me opinions on different treatments to choose from .	1	Past
When you move a field to the row area , the unique items of data within the field are displayed down the rows of the PivotTable view .	18	Present
63 - Percentage of oil the United States imported in 2003 , a record high .	8	Past
It 's narrowed down to Butcher and Singer , Davio 's , and Del Frisco s .	1	Present
Will USB cell phone chargers still charge even if they 're hooked up to a computer that is turned off ?	18	Past
It is important to note that there is also a departure tax of CUC 25 , to be paid in cash when departing Cuba by airplane ; this is not required for boat departures .	30	Past
Keep in mind though that if you end up failing I will not let you forget it ( and , as we have established , I have the memory of an elephant ) .	26	Present
Critics of Scientology at the Internet newsgroup alt.religion.scientology were critical of the attacks to the Church of Scientology website , with one poster writing " How can people look at both sides if one side is gone ? "	8	Past
The trouble was , there was already someone sitting on it .	5	Past
her long curly hair had sprung out , diademed with raindrops , because she had done her marshmallow toasting outside over the spit fire .	18	Present
They were not enemies , they were not criminals , they were nothing earthly now , – nothing but black shadows of disease and starvation , lying confusedly in the greenish gloom .	1	Past
Do you think this is a revival of the Left in the West ?	4	Present
I chalked it up to possible nerve damage , because this is what the vet thought and the other cheek muscle was fine and he had no theeth problems .	11	Present
But how long it will take for governments to act is a wide-open question .	4	Present
Adam Auerbach served in an electronic-warfare unit and was returning from a military action when the helicopter in which he was flying crashed .	9	Present
Errors of legality and regularity are increasing too .	5	Present
The Canadian investigator of the plane crash Larry Vance told SPIEGEL that he is convinced that one of the pilots had intended to land the machine on the ocean surface - so that it would sink .	21	Past
I 'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually , I 'm sure I do n't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me .	20	Present
The best analogy I ’ve heard is when Rob Siegel , former editor-in-chief , likened it to wine tasting .	14	Past
Quinn suspected that Stillman 's red notebook contained answers to the questions that had been accumulating in his mind , and he began to plot various stratagems for stealing it from the old man .	22	Past
Most of Shakespeare 's greatest post-1599 plays were written for the Globe , including Hamlet , Othello and King Lear .	8	Past
from friends who let themselves go , passionate speeches , raging denunciation of Western Europe , of Russia , of America .	3	Present
Feb 2005 is the projected release date , although Guild Wars is made by ex-members of Blizzard , so Feb 2005 could mean August 2006 ...	12	Past
The bill reduces ISS operations by $ 120 million due to the continued reduced capability of the ISS for at least half of FY05 .	12	Past
And it was in a grandmother bar by the waterfront — sipping hot tea with rum and watching over the shoulders of dockworkers playing mah-jongg — that I first heard of the valley of giants .	2	Past
And the claim was that it had to do with Iranian missiles , but forget about that .	3	Past
“ You want to be infected ?	2	Present
They worked around the clock to ensure that my puppy life was saved .	1	Past
So I have a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for and one of them is my best friend .	20	Present
Harry just caught sight of a pair of bright brown eyes staring at him before it closed with a snap .	2	Past
In January 2011 , Blunt began filming an American science - fiction film , Looper , directed by Rian Johnson and co-starring Bruce Willis and Joseph Gordon - Levitt ; the film was released in September 2012 .	5	Past
Have you heard if the Kinga has had little Brian II yet ?	6	Present
Trump 's wife , Melania Trump , made her first appearance on the trail since the Republican convention in July .	7	Past
The Only Catch Is That You HAVE To Have An Income ABOVE $ 21,000 ...... And ...... You HAVE To Follow The Easy Instructions Provided To You .	24	Past
One side of the memorial is scenes made by student groups while other areas represent the counties of Taiwan .	14	Present
Both towns have airports that are served regularly from the larger cities such as Sao Paulo , Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aires .	5	Present
Aafia never reached the uncle 's house .	2	Past
I 'm just curious .	1	Present
When he finished school , Balzac was an apprentice in a law office , but he turned his back on the study of law after wearying of its inhumanity and banal routine .	2	Past
If your companion 's canopy has successfully opened , then both your chances of survival have dramatically increased .	7	Past
He had not eaten since breakfast early that morning .	1	Past
Afterwards there was silence on board the yacht .	2	Past
" They ( ISO management ) did what any independent system operator would do . "	6	Past
According to news accounts , the company is struggling .	7	Present
The first case is of the mayor Luca Pastorino that in last years received several refusals of his requests for payment because of the religious nursery school and retirement home .	13	Past
When I tell stories I do n't like that everything will be clear from the beginning .	2	Present
What 've you been doing all these years in your ivory tower in Wiltshire ?	3	Past
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company ' Moore Noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics .	17	Past
The last Olympic Games are believed to have been held in 393 .	5	Past
are you kidding ?	0	Present
In spite of a lot of worry over your career , by the year 's end , you 'll see that 2005 has filled your life with prosperity and accomplishments .	22	Present
Quinn was rewinding the spool for another attempt when Auster and his wife entered the room .	13	Past
Here 's what we know .	1	Present
In 1947 , large scale deep sea fishing was introduced to Coron , and the town experienced another boom , a fishing boom .	16	Past
The steamer was sunk .	2	Past
Aunt Petunia was just handing round a box of after-dinner mints when a huge barn owl swooped through the dining room window , dropped a letter on Mrs Mason 's head and swooped out again .	32	Past
This financing activity was primarily started to help ENA secure long term well head and pipeline natural gas supplies to supplement the gas trading desk activities .	5	Past
My mom told me how to tame them and I was very happy with the results .	10	Past
Valeska Paris , an Australian woman and former Scientologist , has claimed that the Church of Scientology imprisoned her for twelve years aboard the Scientology - owned cruise ship , Freewinds .	11	Past
It is possible to establish the phase of the moon on a particular day two thousand years ago but not whether it was obscured by clouds or haze .	1	Present
Well , that 's good , that 's good .	7	Present
Implementing a Tax System that allows working Americans making under $ 250,000 to keep all of their money .	5	Present
A&E came out , charged $ 129 fee just to walk in the door .	4	Past
" This government is so consumed with control of information and secrecy yet they do n't seem to be able to get the fundamentals right , " Dewar said .	5	Past
I have known him for only a few years but he has become a dear friend .	12	Present
if it s a reel then it s scottish	7	Present
The referee should ensure that rules are being followed .	6	Present
The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .	16	Past
Visualize the inside of your body bathed in the golden light , absorbing every ray and glowing as radiantly as the sun .	6	Past
If you think any other pertinent information could be included , please feel free to add it .	9	Past
I am raising the issue just to reiterate Parliament 's position .	1	Present
" Waclaw Hanski died in 1841 , and his widow and her admirer finally had the chance to pursue their affections .	3	Past
President Obama has an agenda that represents the far left wing of his party .	2	Present
The result was disastrous .	2	Past
Lo and behold , they replaced the screen ( which had to be ordered ) yesterday and did n't charge me a dime .	17	Past
Al - Iraqiyah tv said that ICDC were controlling Ramadi .	7	Past
To this end , I would like to remind you of the resolution of 15 September , which recommended that the proposal be presented as soon as possible .	18	Past
The bill reduces ISS operations by $ 120 million due to the continued reduced capability of the ISS for at least half of FY05 .	2	Present
The same applies to a whole series of other examples we can give .	2	Present
The economic analogue of codependency applies especially well to the US and China .	5	Present
She waves , antlike , then crawls through a dormer window .	6	Present
We 've had a few since then , but none since our race horses began wintering in Florida .	1	Present
However , the Web page designer must provide a location from which components can be downloaded , and must reference the site license in a license package file ( .lpk ) that is associated with one or more Web pages .	15	Past
I worked with Andrew for 2 months and did acupuncture and herbs .	1	Past
Warm and sunny winter weather also ensured a thriving tourism industry , and encouraged many Easterners and Midwesterners to relocate to Phoenix .	13	Past
THE MANAGER CAME OVER AND SAID HE WAS SORRY AND GAVE A NEW BATCH OF WINGS , HE SAID WE CA NT REALLY DO ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS ARE ALWAYS OPENING AND CLOSING .	2	Past
Four students at Roma Tre University have developed a motorcycle helmet that can ' read thoughts ' by helping to anticipate drivers ' actions .	6	Present
It had listed that there was a hot breakfast but all this meant is that they added a waffle maker to the common continental affair at most cheap hotels .	16	Past
The owners are really nice , they serve good food at a good price , and the option to eat outside on the deck ( esp on the weekend whether there is hardly any traffic ) is great .	7	Present
We intend to see as many people as possible regarding EOL implementation .	1	Present
His actual date of birth remains unknown , but is traditionally observed on 23 April , Saint George 's Day .	11	Past
In recent years , Łódź has been battling rising unemployment and youth migration resulting from the failing textile industry and is repositioning itself as a hub for design and creative industries .	5	Present
The oldest known historical reference to the city is to be found on an inscription of conquered sites at Thutmose 's temple at Karnak .	11	Past
I came in 30 min before close and the staff was super helpful .	1	Past
** Edit : Living on campus at Clarkson University , I have had food delivered before .	11	Present
We have used them for plumbing & A / C and they are affordable and get the work done right .	18	Past
There is a clever , persistent young woman who writes to me often from Italy , who insists upon giving the most ordinary occurrences in my novels a political interpretation .	19	Present
The woman who had dozed beside him all night communicating the intimate rhythm of her breathing but never exchanging a word , suddenly began to talk like a bird who has the cover taken off its cage .	15	Present
On the issue of the contracts , the draft says that the $ 170 m is paid when the EPC contract is signed .	16	Past
Then the Dursleys appeared and Dudley rattled the bars of the cage , laughing at him .	3	Past
" You 're going to be looking at hundreds dead along the coast , " a state official said .	6	Present
You can also sometimes find someone who owns a pet snake .	7	Present
They were by no means the only ones making their way to the bookshop .	1	Past
Whatever Stillman had done , he had done ; wherever Stillman had gone , he had gone .	15	Past
Certain ANSI-89 SQL features are not implemented and the wildcard characters conform to the Visual Basic for Applications ( VBA ) specification , not SQL .	11	Present
It was originally named ' Googol ' , a word for the number represented by 1 followed by 100 zeros .	3	Past
What I know is that I have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in New Orleans .	3	Present
I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once , you ca n't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .	8	Present
If you don't see the button , you can't subscribe .	3	Present
What we need is a competent , efficient , and corruption - free government .	2	Present
It is difficult to imagine a justification for any action that could envelop the United States in a military and economic conflict with Iraq , Iran , Syria and China simultaneously .	1	Present
Attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty , which reflect our comments .	5	Past
So it is essential that we activate this right fully .	2	Present
He reports that the Iraqi Islamic Party , which had earlier been absolutely committed to getting out the Sunni vote , is now wavering and saying their position will depend on the situation .	23	Present
The Chair has already stated that the proposal was made in accordance with the Rules , so there are no grounds for changing anything .	4	Past
right now , your male is fighting off an intruder , and he feels that all of the house is his .	19	Present
The treaty opened new ports to trade and allowed foreigners to travel in the interior .	2	Past
The reports say she is suspected of having been a member of Al Qaeda 's " Chemical Wire Group . "	8	Past
And , despite a disconcerting fall in labor 's share of income in recent decades , the long-run picture still defies Marx 's prediction that capitalism would prove immiserating for workers .	20	Present
It did so again during this legislature , in July , and then , in September , it voted once more to approve the whole Commission .	1	Past
Security in the hotel seemed to be excellent , but we were never given an explanation as to why someone would open these items .	13	Past
Beyond that point there was nothing : the random thoughts of men who knew nothing .	4	Past
This town needs some food soul and this is not it .	8	Present
Facebook Adverts resulted in a 25 % CTR .	2	Past
They were playing Captain Ahab to Saddam 's great white whale .	2	Present
If I come towards him , he will run away .	2	Present
I lay there and tried to think if I should put my arm around her , but I did n't know .	18	Past
No extensions shall be granted for the contracting period .	7	Present
The island provides a home to eleven indigenous bird species and contains Mt. Talau national park , with some of the limited remaining native vegetation .	11	Present
The regulation that was annulled was based on Article 100c of the Maastricht Treaty .	4	Past
Yeah , I see O.J. Simpson .	3	Present
The rescued members included Bangladeshis and Rohingya , a stateless minority of Muslims from Myanmar .	1	Past
Then , this month , it said that it opposed moves to refer Iran 's nuclear stand - off with the International Atomic Energy Agency to the United Nations Security Council .	9	Past
1584 Ivan the Terrible dies while starting a game of chess .	4	Present
Like in America dinner is our main meal .	4	Present
I assume you have your anwser and do n't need me .	3	Present
The attempts at making peace finally ended in spring of 1415 and Enrique decided to execute his plan : an invasion of the entire Kingdom of France .	13	Past
To make matters even more confusing , there are two Mark Taylors .	8	Present
The computer disk was confiscated from him during his arrest by the CIA in Azerbaijan and handed over to the Egyptian authorities .	4	Past
But yes , thank you . A little food ca n't do any harm .	3	Present
I was there when they did a free raffle in August and I won a hard drive !	1	Past
Certain ANSI-89 SQL features are not implemented and the wildcard characters conform to the Visual Basic for Applications ( VBA ) specification , not SQL .	4	Present
I congratulated this establishment for doing the research on making NYC pizza because these Scots fcking nailed it .	16	Past
In Suwayrah , Kut Province , two car bombs were discovered before they could be detonated .	10	Past
The latter also spread Islam to the coastal belt , but most Bantu never had contact with Islam and remained African Traditional Religion adherents .	19	Past
The supernatural being had not been touched after he fell .	6	Past
" This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .	12	Past
He stood at the sink , drinking cold water and looking at the avocado pear pip growing suspended by three matchsticks in the neck of a pickle jar of water on the sill .	1	Past
Part of the American Sixth Fleet was anchored nearby .	6	Past
Paris claims that she was kept at Flag Land Base in Clearwater , Florida until she was eighteen and then transferred to the Freewinds .	1	Present
However , when we are at parties or when they are people around she seems to ignore me .	4	Present
In exchange for sucking vast amounts of water out of the local land , the mighty corporation promised to bring the people great wealth .	17	Past
As a result , a population of just over 100,000 in 1950 has given way to a 2014 estimate of 1,537,058 ( with the metro area estimated at 4,489,109 ) .	26	Past
A spokesman for President Clinton also criticized Bush 's comments .	6	Past
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand , i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube .	3	Past
I suspect it will not change greatly ... but you never know how much stock people put in the news .	11	Present
Findings of Lapita pottery suggest that early-Polynesians were on these islands close to 3000 years ago .	4	Present
They phoned the same day , confirmed it was the gearbox quoted me the job , I gave the go ahead .	11	Past
Joseph Manogue at Tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the draft ISDA doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original .	11	Past
The mere offer of a job was to be sufficient to justify immigration rights .	6	Past
Food here is absolutely superb .	2	Present
There are only about 850 wolves in the West , but there are an estimated 31,000 mountain lions .	14	Past
for the past few days she has been shivering and wo nt eat but she could walk now her hid legs are not working but she is back to her self .. what should i do .?	26	Present
Was Schauble 's statement supposed to serve as a rallying cry for greater European solidarity ?	0	Past
Craig and Nate are wonderful .	3	Present
Assignments have already been made and I will schedule a conference call later this week to discuss related details .?	1	Present
Shahar is bald , muscular , and his shirt is ornamented with nags , horseshoes , and bridles , a yellow print on dark blue .	9	Present
And all sorts of other oxalates are also sequestering carbon dioxide through the minerals that are being formed and taken out of the rock matrix .	17	Past
This is Leninism , neat , with neither ice nor bitters .	1	Present
I hope that the whole House will endorse their constructive approach .	1	Present
We have attended A Ward Dance Centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we are taught Ballroom and Latin as well as the fun filled social dance evening held every Saturday evening ....	2	Past
Dobby will have to shut his ears in the oven door for this .	2	Present
Moving fields to the category and series areas	0	Present
HAS MOVED TO 4783 Bay Rd Saginaw , Michigan 48604 ( 989 ) 755-1109	1	Past
All the Hasidim are vividly enjoying themselves , dodging through the aisles , visiting chattering standing impatiently in the long lavatory lines , amiable , busy as geese .	13	Present
Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosencreutz , which suggests ( and most people who ’ve heard of it suppose ) that the wedding is Christian ’s .	21	Past
It is time to demand action – and past time for policymakers to deliver it .	1	Present
We have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of December 1 , 1999 .	11	Past
The inner group level contains fields from the OrderDetails table and a calculated control named Value .	4	Present
I live 10 minutes from Cycle City , but I Drove 50 mile south to Peachstate Powersports in LaGrange , dealt with the owner , Levi , and was well taken care of .	1	Present
Family owned and operated makes sure the atmosphere is relaxed and the food home - cooked with style .	3	Past
We have no way to estimate how many times we 've served it overall , but we 're now pouring around ten a night .	1	Present
Jeff Skilling has agreed to work with Harvard Business School ( HBS ) on a 5 - year case study called ' Modern Giants ' .	20	Past
What do I look as if I 'd sing ?	7	Past
She sounded breathless and kept patting her hair .	5	Present
Later , when Augustus founded the Roman Empire , the Romans referred to the Mediterranean as Mare Nostrum ( " Our Sea " ) .	4	Past
There is a whole topic which is called asymptotic groups theory .	6	Present
The menu had plenty of options even for picky eaters .	2	Past
He listened to the bush and had the old feeling , in the bush , of being listened for .	1	Past
Rebecca 's been to the Sputnik and she says it 's terrific now .	1	Present
It is busy every day at lunch for a reason , the service is fast and the food is great .	18	Present
Specifically , schemas define the rules of an XML data document , including element names and data types , which elements can appear in combination , and which attributes are available for each element .	29	Present
I had a rose named after me and I was very flattered .	4	Past
Iodine released from these chemicals into milk has been the major source of dietary iodine in Australia for at least four decades , but is now declining .	1	Past
A community of about twenty thousand people had traffic jams worthy of Rome , cars as a matter of course rushing into the reserved bus lanes , screwing everything up and honking madly .	20	Present
Then 1 lap at a walk around the arena with both my legs pulled out as far as I can , so they are not touching the saddle .	25	Present
Always professional and reliable , sessions are good fun and suitably challenging .	6	Present
I agree w the answer from Nothing .	1	Present
Based on these statistics / forecasts , the overall level of commitments during the period 2002 - 2005 will reach 80 % of the initial reference amount .	18	Present
When she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney .	3	Past
S&S has again asked about the gtee and l/c wording .	3	Past
I ended up going to the Centre for Social Evolution at the University of Copenhagen where I did a project on learning in Ants under supervision of Prof. Patrizia d'Ettorre .	1	Past
We have to remember that rural areas represent almost four fifths of the territory of the European Union .	7	Present
( do not take away the food dish from the birds , they will associate you as the person who takes away their food ) ....	20	Present
The service was ok , our waitress kept forgetting our drinks even though we reminded her several times .	2	Past
Holy cow was that a delicious meal .	2	Past
It takes only one bite from a disease - carrying mosquito to transmit a debilitating or deadly infection – and mosquitoes breed and multiply with astonishing speed .	9	Present
They can help you and it is close to a train station in Calcutta so check a few big ones ?	6	Present
The young sailor knew nothing about holocausts or tanks in the desert or terrorist bombs .	3	Past
Then 1 lap at a walk around the arena with both my legs pulled out as far as I can , so they are not touching the saddle .	13	Past
This , in turn , has discouraged international investment in Israel and has made it less likely that immigrants to the country will actually remain there .	5	Present
Sorry I have n't written you guys in a while to keep you properly updated .	14	Past
That sounds like a BS excuse from ECS , but it that 's what they are saying , let me know and we can figure out a solution .	15	Present
But the servers do n't pay attention to you whether it 's busy or not .	11	Present
For an American , the most intriguing question is this :	8	Present
They require a lot of attention or they get fussy and tear stuff up .	8	Present
Tulsa has an active bicycling community .	1	Present
The position is with the EES MMC EAST department / WHOLESALE , RETAIL & COMM , ENRON ENERGY SERVICES .	2	Present
Mississippi media earlier reported 54 people killed in the state .	3	Past
even though I have never tried hoa salon but I agree with other reviewers that they are rude .	10	Present
But will future generations , particularly in advanced economies , realize such expectations ?	1	Present
We understand that it is important that the two institutions - Parliament and Commission - cooperate and work together and that the current cooperation with the Committee on Regional Policy , and in particular the transport group , is magnificent .	17	Present
An autofilter is always applied before a conditional filter , regardless of the order in which you applied them .	2	Present
This tug - of - war over calculating economic values is the one that ultimately will have to be decided by humans , because animals and plants can adjust only so much .	10	Present
An hour later , as he climbed from the number 4 bus at 70th Street and Fifth Avenue , he still had not answered the question .	6	Past
Beyond that point there was nothing : the random thoughts of men who knew nothing .	13	Past
I realize that it may sound strange , but we are desparate in our efforts and are willing to try anything to help our dear sick friend .	16	Present
I do n't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it 's getting to be an issue .	17	Present
* Proposes a two - stage open season for firm transportation services beginning in 2003 , with end users receiving a first option on available capacity . *	1	Present
But privatisation does not even come into question in this context , it is not being proposed .	13	Present
It was a very trying time for my family and myself yet Mike took the time to greet each and every one one of us .	13	Past
The 10 - week course has been " certified " by UK spy agency GCHQ .	8	Past
Here 's a great vegan cupcake recipe to use as a base for whatever flavored icing you want to add to it .	17	Present
The photo clearly shows the narrow touch display bar above the keyboard that has been anticipated in rumors .	3	Present
Wish I knew what he was up to , said Fred , frowning .	0	Present
In Othello , the villain Iago stokes Othello 's sexual jealousy to the point where he murders the innocent wife who loves him .	16	Present
I 'd go if I were you , or she 'll tell everyone in London you were buttering up to the Africans and did n't want to see them .	16	Past
$ 401.3 b - Proposed military budget for 2004 .	4	Past
I was later told they had been left at the warehouse and some future date they would be delivered .	3	Past
Try to be playful and even slightly sarcastic as you respond to the statements of the person you 're talking to .	19	Present
In addition , the police forces have successfully conducted a number of operations to dismantle workshops and seize large numbers of counterfeit banknotes and coins before they enter into circulation .	8	Past
Students like Rai have been meeting with counsellors at the school to talk about what happened , but she said the biggest comfort has come from seeing her friends .	15	Past
The light from the door made the shadows under the bleachers darker , the long space stretched far away .	5	Past
As far as being treated like a drug seeker , that has not been my experience .	4	Past
Such a situation is unacceptable .	3	Present
First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained from Wave 1 ) from the year of the interview at Wave 4 .	7	Past
“ I had it done when I was little and see , you ca n’t even tell . ”	7	Past
And then , exactly a year ago , Hogwarts had written to Harry , and the whole story had come out .	18	Past
As noted earlier , all analyses were weighted according to the survey weight provided by the Add Health research staff and standard errors were corrected for the clustering and stratification that defined the sampling strategy .	13	Past
... I ve been living in Fujairah my entire life and I must say that it is developing in a good way .	17	Present
Any US attack on Iran could be perceived by China as a direct threat to its economic health .	7	Past
Commissioner , we shall continue to raise the issue , as Article 158 , paragraph 1 , of the Treaty of Amsterdam provides for an integrated policy for islands .	22	Present
You mean , how did we manage to make it all happen so quickly , right ? :)	4	Past
- train / inform new staff and extend the training to sectors that have less benefited from the Pericles programme , namely financial agents , prosecutors and technical staff ;	3	Present
Bloom Legal was really attentive to my problem , and Seth Bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue I was dealing with .	12	Past
During this time Balzac wrote two pamphlets in support of primogeniture and the Society of Jesus .	4	Past
So , I 'm Men and love to wear women 's lingerie :-) .	3	Present
Mr Weasley liked Harry to sit next to him at the dinner table so that he could bombard him with questions about life with Muggles , asking him to explain how things like plugs and the postal service worked .	2	Past
Thomas was ordered by the church court to do public penance which would have caused much shame and embarrassment for the Shakespeare family .	14	Past
That 's a tragedy for those populations , but it 's also a tragedy for the people eating them because they don't know that that 's toxic meat .	1	Present
Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations of comics , to distribute to children and youth in the hospital .	6	Present
You just want to be sure you can groom and saddle sufficiently and the horse itself is calm enough so that whatever size it is , you can handle it .	24	Present
I know that if my garage door needs to be repaired , I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors	1	Present
A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and the Middle East .	5	Past
The ReportML language is made up of a set of tags that describe a form , report or data access page 's properties , events , and attributes .	3	Present
He ministered for a short time among the Tarahumara Indians in Chihuahua , Mexico , until health problems due to an inadequate diet and the high altitude forced him to leave .	1	Past
Click on the Security Question section and follow the onsite steps .	0	Present
Whether you start the year as a single person looking for a partner , or you 've been married for many years , happiness in love does lie ahead .	2	Present
The credit guys are currently assuming that there is no correlation and may consequently be double dipping the credit reserve on this basis too .	8	Present
Wikinews interviews meteorological experts on Cyclone Phalin	1	Present
The South Korean company initially thought a battery fault was to blame , and switched its own component for a third - party power cell .	5	Past
I am made to feel special when I am in the chair and I have NEVER had a less than amazing cut or color experience .	14	Present
Other pan-democrats elected were Leung Yiu-chung of NWSC and James To of the Democratic Party .	2	Past
" Unfortunately once again the few ruin it for the many , " wrote Jesse LaBrocca , founder of Hack Forums , in a message explaining why the section was being closed .	29	Past
After exposing the ants to the fungus , we took pictures of each foraging arena three times per day , and counted how many ants were present on each food-source .	25	Past
An XML schema file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document , providing a series of element names , as well as which elements are allowed in the document and in what combinations .	28	Present
That 's why I rang the buzzer without asking who it was .	1	Present
They were conquerors , and for that you want only brute force – nothing to boast of , when you have it , since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others .	30	Present
In the Warren Jeffs cult he reassigns wives if the husband displeases him or to reward the new husband .	11	Present
Ingenious , really , how many ways Muggles have found of getting along without magic .	9	Past
He has been compared to Charles Dickens and has been called one of Dickens ' influences .	1	Present
I propose we have a conference call with Bob Fagan on Fri July 20 at 1:00 pm Calgary time to discuss any areas of concern / confusion you may have .	1	Present
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of May 1 .	18	Present
At that time , the gurus and geniuses of Wall Street were predicting a 250 Dow and many were talking openly about the end of capitalism .	18	Past
If you are in town and need that kind of space I say stay here but if you are looking for a little more upscale affair do n't let the pictures fool you and book somewhere else .	19	Present
She answers all questions asked and provides the best service i have ever seen .	6	Present
I am not a client of liquidweb.com , but one of my friend called Steven is the client having several websites .	1	Present
She turned and walked back into the house and Harry , after a nervous glance at Ron , who nodded encouragingly , followed her .	1	Past
Instead , they send outcast women , naive children , retarded people and young incited hotheads .	3	Present
This sounds better than the limitations you were describing in the meeting .	8	Present
Harry noticed that it was wearing what looked like an old pillowcase , with rips for arm and leg holes .	1	Past
the room you sleep in is best ( seeing you so relaxed that you are sleeping will send the message that everything is OK ) , but others will work just as well .	22	Present
Stan commented on the creation of the Santorum cocktail , " When he was winning in the polls , I thought , ' OK , I 'll do a Santorum ' . "	1	Past
He is too great , too good , to lose .	1	Present
He supposed he had n't spoken clearly enough through his mouthful of ashes back in the Weasleys fire .	3	Past
It was only months and months afterwards , when I made the attempt to recover what was left of the body , that I heard the original quarrel arose from a misunderstanding about some hens .	10	Past
Norton ordered all interested parties to assemble at Platt 's Music Hall in San Francisco in February 1860 to " remedy the evil complained of " .	23	Past
24,000 - Estimated number of premature deaths that will occur under Bush 's Clear Skies initiative .	2	Past
The car rental area and parking is well integrated .	6	Present
Widely considered to be one of the most spectacular waterfalls in the world , the Iguazu Falls on the border of Argentina and Brazil , are a certainly must see attraction in the area .	25	Present
Worse comes to worse , I 'm out of the $ $ and have to put him down anyway or have a pretty pasture ornament .	20	Present
We 've moved on .	2	Past
Wendi has worked for them have a look at her blog .	2	Past
1,200 - Number of public - diplomacy officers employed by the State Department to further US image abroad in 2004 .	8	Past
On a recent event quote that I had done , they came in thousands of dollars over their local competition .	8	Past
Their so called mechanic said the engine was good and " There is nothing mechanicly wrong with this truck " .	7	Past
They offer a large variety of quality hotdogs and hamburgers They also offer veggie dogs .	1	Present
In her humble home she was visited by other writers , students of poetry , admirers , the curious , critics , and editors requesting her collaboration .	5	Past
the guy came on time and did n't take any breaks , he went straight to work and finished the job efficiently and promptly !	13	Past
Certainly , Nguyen is the one of first names of many people in Vietnam , only in Vietnam .	3	Present
Visit a local reptile center , zoo , or pet store and ask for some dried snake poo .	15	Past
So , as I was leaving I asked for the designer / dress name or style number associated with my top picks .	4	Past
In the course of the first three years of the programme 38 projects were initiated ;	13	Past
( 31 ) For the purpose of definitions used in this Directive it is useful to refer to relevant international standards such as ISO 14040 ( 32 ) .	13	Present
Compositionally , this one is not my favorite , I would suggest trying a different crop because I do nt think cutting her off at the calf looks great .	27	Present
If we are to get a common transport market genuinely up and running , it is important that we should not only have regulations but that these regulations should also , as far as possible , apply to every country .	19	Past
Not only had he been sent back to the beginning , he was now before the beginning , and so far before the beginning that it was worse than any end he could imagine .	12	Past
It is clearly trying to develop nuclear weapons .	1	Present
You were just in front of me when we got out in Rome .	9	Past
This was the body that Bush proclaimed was bringing " stability " to the region in fall of 1999 .	1	Past
A thoroughly comprehensive service ; excellent communication and best of they are transparent with their fee ( ie nothing is simply implied or assumed ) .	23	Past
Gilderoy Lockhart came slowly into view , seated at a table surrounded by large pictures of his own face , all winking and flashing dazzlingly white teeth at the crowd .	21	Present
He heard Dando , forced by the old Labrador into the garden , walking about outside the guest hut and talking reproachfully to the dog ;	4	Past
Paris was born in Switzerland but her parents moved her to the United Kingdom when she was six so they could be closer to the church 's headquarters .	2	Past
In 2012 , there were an estimated 207 million cases of malaria , leading to some 627,000 deaths .	6	Past
make sure that you have a shallow dish of water for it .	4	Present
I EAT HERE AT LEAST 5 DAYS A WEEK .	1	Present
You fancied you had seen things – but the seal was on .	10	Past
When creating a new password , be sure that it is at least 6 characters in length and that you use a complex string of numbers , letters , and punctuation marks .	10	Present
The kind of laugh they 've picked up from people like Uncle Willie said Neil .	6	Past
When he joined the group , they were listening to her .	8	Present
The impact of factors like poverty , maternal literacy , sanitation , and housing conditions on children 's health – and , in turn , on social and economic outcomes – is well documented .	31	Present
If you are serious about working out in a non-commercial like atmosphere then you have chosen the best place to be .	2	Present
This right to love and form a family is so fundamental that our United States Constitution takes it for granted in its dedication to " secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity . ”	16	Present
I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there , but i do know from personal experience that Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka is not a man of his word , and is also very CRUEL AND UNCARING !!	1	Present
I 'm glad I trusted my gut and did n't get sucked into doing business with them .	8	Past
Afshari , who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war , said that when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their education system , the Mujahedeen refused .	37	Past
Unlike the introverted Hamlet , whose fatal flaw is hesitation , the heroes of the tragedies that followed , Othello and King Lear , are undone by hasty errors of judgement .	17	Past
If you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone .	2	Present
Shakespeare was born and brought up in Stratford - upon - Avon .	1	Past
Did you have a chance to take a look at the resume I sent you ?	13	Past
In earlier periods the large majority of participants were law enforcement agents , reflecting the priority to establish closer professional ties for a more efficient fight against euro counterfeiting .	13	Present
We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment .	3	Past
As I mentioned in my e-mail , John Lepore at Select Energy ( Settlements Group ) is trying to reconcile our list with his list .	2	Past
He said they are looking for people and based on what I told him an interview was a formality .	16	Past
According to Professor S D Muni , South Asia expert at the Jawaharal Nehru University , the two - year peace talks between Colombo and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) are stalemated .	34	Present
<< He could do little during the day , for Murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite Lucas , or Lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness .	11	Past
" Non ! " means " non " , not " I might consider it , and I will keep you attached to my apron strings just in case . "	4	Present
I have not had the patience to get it working - I will call you some evening and we can walk thru it .	3	Past
It was difficult . She had a distaste for the work .	1	Past
We are still trying to work the PSE swap transaction , now that the forex desk has been able to find a fix for CPI in the market .	1	Present
But Ukraine will need outside assistance that only the EU can provide :	2	Present
It led me to believe that the reviewers simply had difficulty tolerating people with strongly - accented English .	1	Past
Montalvo had read an article in the Scientology propaganda publication Freedom Magazine , which attacked high-ranking defectors from the organization including Tom Devocht and Mark Rathbun .	1	Past
These three little ones do n't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice Dad , but I 'm sure they 'll find out soon .	10	Present
And the exterminator is very nice , also .	3	Present
He 'd recently moved up here .	3	Past
49 - Percentage of Americans in April 2004 who found that their taxes had actually gone up since Bush took office .	15	Past
There is a risk that observers underestimate the time that Al Qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and development .	13	Past
I was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that I have had in my life .	13	Present
British women too are entitled to the same treatment as all the other citizens of Europe .	3	Present
With population growth , new indigenous quarters were created .	8	Past
I 'd go if I were you , or she 'll tell everyone in London you were buttering up to the Africans and did n't want to see them .	5	Past
one was available wherever one was of use .	5	Past
A different layout lets you calculate and compare summarized values for different elements in your data , or display summaries for a subset of the data .	18	Present
You do NOT learn the things you were promised .	8	Past
The p-value associated with the design-based F is thus more accurate ( than the associated with the χ2 statistic ) given the adjustments and calculations take into account the weighted nature of the data .	2	Past
Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $ 400 !!	2	Past
But following Stillman was not wandering .	3	Past
This is the year you 'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you 're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life .	19	Present
Martin 's box is working wonderfully - I 'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by Friday .	4	Present
Since they knew our preferences , we almost always went along with their menu suggestions and were never sorry we did .	20	Past
I do not think , however , that this report has come too late .	11	Past
On Friday , fishermen rescued over 700 asylum seekers whose boat sank , and the Indonesian Navy reportedly saved 200 more after they were found swimming along the coast of Aceh , Indonesia .	4	Past
" We take document security seriously , " she said , but refused to give any more details about how the papers came to be on a road .	2	Present
from start to finish they were top notch .	5	Past
Please note that neither the e-mail address nor name of the sender have been verified .	12	Present
Six black men advanced in a file , toiling up the path . They walked erect and slow , balancing small baskets full of earth on their heads , and the clink kept time with their footsteps .	8	Present
Joseph Darnand , who became an SS officer and led the Milice paramilitaries who hunted down members of the Resistance , was executed in October 1945 .	22	Past
We arrived Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked .	7	Past
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive . Valeska Paris	1	Past
Another variation is where the referee places the snitch somewhere in the field ( in this case it 's a small ball ) .	18	Present
For example , the report found that women face obstacles mobilizing the labor they need to help their farms flourish .	8	Present
He did make a point , however , of leaving her " my second best bed " , a bequest that has led to much speculation .	1	Past
I came upon more pieces of decaying machinery , a stack of rusty rails .	1	Past
He was drinking .	2	Present
Did you know that approximately 10 million Americans are either incarcerated , on probation , on parole or once were in those categories ?	8	Present
I just want a simple way to get a good deal to whatever Restaurant I want , whenever I want .	19	Present
Accordingly , the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP ( the only one and therefore the one they have to choose ) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract .	27	Present
Yes , there is a 100 year - old Israeli - Arab conflict , but it is not where the main show is .	22	Present
It is Enpower No. 295870 .	1	Present
She certainly was n't ' forced ' to be there .	2	Past
Thailand has recently cracked down on human trafficking , which has affected the routes by which people-smugglers transport migrants .	3	Past
They were amazingly hospitable .	1	Past
He comes with everything , litter box , carrier , ect .	1	Present
Its maximum low - altitude speed is Mach 2.2 , some three times faster than the American - made Harpoon .	18	Past
Pardon my questions , but you are the first Englishman coming under my observation ... .	10	Present
I have known this guy for a long time , but we 've never been good friends or anything .	2	Past
However , in April 2001 , the IAEA published Fifteen Years after the Chernobyl Accident - Lessons learned . which contradict the earlier reports .	8	Past
We 've always liked big long trotters that do better on mile tracks then 1 / 2 mile .	1	Present
One of these papers , written by Eichelberger himself , was translated into Arabic , " commented upon by members of Nasser 's staff , translated back into English for Eichelberger 's benefit . "	16	Past
THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to " breathe " .	6	Past
I am vacation until the 22nd but Per is up to speed and I would like to make sure that you keep up with him and any HR / Legal activity that may occur .	8	Present
They ’re usually artists who want to do a bunch of stuff .	1	Present
The judge in Duffy 's fraud and breach of trust trial ultimately ruled they were within the Senate 's rules when he cleared Duffy of all charges .	22	Past
According to a new study by the economists Robert Shapiro and Aparna Mathur , if India achieved Chinese levels of IP protection , its annual FDI inflows would increase by 33 % annually .	27	Past
The sauce was dry and the enchiladas did not taste good . at all .	7	Past
My parents did n't send for my birth certificate until I was 16 and needed it for summer employment .	14	Past
Mine learned to " go to the bathroom " only in their cages and loved to ride on my shoulder or hang out in my hoodie pouch .	1	Past
For the first time in the last six years the rate of unemployment has dropped below 20 % , and there are already 600,000 more people employed than there were a year ago .	21	Present
The discovery of a number of ' bugs ' within the AS400 Merchanting code , arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality , which compounded the operational burden of supporting the OBSF .	21	Past
Seince he recieved the fluids last night he said not to worry about drinking water for at least a couple of days .	8	Past
Shortages are already leading to power cuts in the big cities .	3	Present
I 'll admit I was n't expecting much from this place , but they really did do a good job .	15	Past
He then rose and wrote for many hours , fueled by innumerable cups of black coffee .	2	Past
" The US will work its way through the loss of a city and we are making progress after seven short days .	15	Present
If the Dursleys wake up , I 'm dead , said Harry as he tied the rope tightly around a bar and Fred revved up the car .	23	Past
They have the best Egg Drop Soup I have ever tasted .	10	Past
As I recall , this bus drops you off near the Opera in Paris .	2	Present
It is old news that the Tamil Tigers have developed a strong network within South Africa .	1	Present
Gerry pleasantly said " since I am already here why do n't we give it shot .	10	Present
The what ? Auster laughed , and in that laugh everything was suddenly blown to bits .	4	Past
Right now , yeah , he 's helping us right now .	6	Present
Addressing the OAS , Amin had provoked laughter and applause among the delegates by saying that the hostages were as comfortable as they could be in the circumstances surrounded by explosives .	0	Present
The French Digital Council , which advises on bills in line with questions of digital technology , could also scrutinise it .	6	Present
It is literally monkey see and monkey do with them .	1	Present
Attached are the GCP Signoffs on EOL Approvals for 11/29/00 with GCP responses marked in Red .	13	Past
They kept the name Oracle and created the RDBMS engine .	6	Past
I am out of the office today but will be back tomorrow .	1	Present
‘’ Bush was very well briefed before the meeting , ’’ the diplomat said .	5	Past
Michael Fallon said the date for cutting the first steel would help secure new investment and safeguard hundreds of skilled jobs until 2035 .	2	Past
When they land , they strike other particles which may be jerked into the air in their turn , starting a chain reaction .	11	Past
However , I still do n't understand which date will be used to determine the value and calculate how many shares .	11	Past
Russia also announced that it was seeking and building the best nukes the world ’s ever seen .	14	Present
The radar system for which Alvarez is best known and which has played a major role in aviation , most particularly in the post war Berlin airlift , was Ground Controlled Approach ( GCA ) .	11	Present
" Tonight we are carrying out punishments using a high beam , " the post reads .	4	Present
I had the Chicken Parmesan Dinner and my wife had the Shrimp Scampi Dinner .	1	Past
She was outside the building in the gardens , waiting for a photographer she had arranged to shoot her new Epic Mickey costumed character-style outfit .	1	Past
She gave a small , self-questioning shrug , admitting the glibness of another kind of daily talk in another time .	1	Past
If so , then does that mean that if you watched a scary movie and your dog / cat / parrot was in the same room as you they will also get scared ?	4	Present
Mr Vernon Dursley had been woken in the early hours of the morning by a loud , hooting noise from his nephew Harry 's room .	3	Past
The commission is definitely more responsive to market participants that are articulating the issue , providing specific examples and proposing the solution .	15	Present
95 - Percentage of foreign goods that arrive in the United States by sea .	7	Present
If the latter is the case , we could place both Sara and Elena in a specialist job group ( the salary range is 33 - 66 K ) .	3	Present
How much better does it get ?!	3	Present
The regulation that was annulled was based on Article 100c of the Maastricht Treaty .	6	Past
However , what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans and attack the ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful Clear and Defend operations .	27	Past
( 3 ) The family is the natural and fundamental group unit of society and is entitled to protection by society and the State .	5	Present
Mr Borgin fixed a pince-nez to his nose and looked down the list .	9	Past
According to the city 's police department , a fight broke out after " a large group of people ... who identified themselves as district authorities " arrived on set on Tuesday .	21	Past
If not , is there someone else that will ?	3	Present
Nobody lived there .	1	Past
It was the mango season , and there were the saffron-yellow sabres of the pips , sucked hairy , everywhere where people passed .	8	Past
Using a sample of 20 developed countries , they find a negative correlation between the financial sector 's share of GDP and the health of the real economy .	5	Past
I was a waitress for years and a key rule is to serve customers with small children before others , as I was the last to get my food .	10	Present
FITNESS UNLIMITED is a second home to a lot of us gym members who work out daily .	2	Present
A second set of problems concerns the need to ensure that the economic system is perceived as fundamentally fair , which is the key to its political sustainability .	15	Past
The worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like Zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims that " everyone " is going to " love " the food , decor and service .	26	Present
How are you doing ?	3	Present
And by 2007 , at the height of its popularity ( and , perhaps , Knightley 's ) it was a top 50 name , with three times more babies named Keira than Kiera .	19	Past
My question relates to something that will come up on Thursday and which I will then raise again .	2	Present
is r2d2 a stupid name for a cat ?	0	Present
Warhol was close to important touchstones of the 1960s , including art , music , consumer culture , fashion , and celebrity worship , which were all buzzwords and images Wikinews observed at USI 's opening exhibit .	1	Past
( Kut is in southeastern Iraq and has an overwhelmingly Shiite population , who are on the lookout for Baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .	7	Present
54 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 30 September , 2003 .	12	Present
you know that both o'neal and matt are out ?	1	Present
China and Japan , and the world at large , have more dollar reserves than they require .	16	Present
I went from a pain scale of 8 - 9 to 0 and I was able to run in the Crim just a week later !!	14	Past
In the past , Coron was virtually unknown outside of Palawan .	5	Past
My mother is sitting in the little examining room at the assisted living .	2	Present
" It is very dangerous for this country to condone the overthrow of democratically elected governments , " said David Leavy , spokesman for the National Security Council .	2	Present
Jason and the boys can do about anything you need .	9	Present
Harry knew he should n't have risen to Dudley 's bait , but Dudley had said the very thing Harry had been thinking himself maybe he did n't have any friends at Hogwarts	15	Past
All he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered Communist forces .	9	Past
Firstly , your hammie was not stressed out , he wanted attention .	6	Past
My overall impression was that he did n't seem as interested in the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters .	6	Past
He checked out what I needed to have done told me what needed be fixed before he did any work and did great repair work .	14	Past
I have a Saab ... which everything is expensive on and they have been extrememly fair and price a lot lower than any other shop I called .	13	Past
i ve been on the internet for 3 hours but so far i 've got nothing .	2	Past
A young black man with sunglasses and a thick , springy mat of hair shaped to a crew-cut by topiary rather than barbering had cut through the crowd with the encircling movement of authority .	22	Present
TO Stay in Agra - Hotel Atithi and Aditya Palace is perfect for you .	10	Present
Cervantes , if you remember , goes to great lengths to convince the reader that he is not the author .	16	Present
The home page for Rockin on the River is , and it lists all the acts scheduled for the season .	12	Present
They are located at the same place .	2	Past
Lou , do we have any sort of policy on requests like this ?	2	Present
If they smell strongly earlier , test with a wooden skewer ; if it returns clean after sticking into a cupcake , they 're ready .	14	Present
You have two screws that attach the sight to the wang .	5	Present
I 'm not exactly certain as to what you are looking for .	1	Present
The letters , six in all , were sent within two hours of each other and represented dozens of power generators .	16	Past
The 1609 edition was dedicated to a " Mr. W.H. " , credited as " the only begetter " of the poems .	12	Past
The money invested in Premium Bonds , and in other National Savings & Investments accounts , is used to help fund Government spending .	2	Past
There has , however , been extensive statistical analysis of demographic and population data which includes women , especially in their childbearing roles .	5	Past
We need responses or direction by no later than COB on Monday , October 30 , 2000 .	1	Present
With the new data in hand , we can see that , surprisingly , the productivity gap persists even when women have equal access to inputs .	8	Present
The confidante and right - hand man of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri admitted that Zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to use it against US targets .	11	Past
Mr Escola Hernando is speaking for the first time in this House .	4	Present
He had been visited that day by Victor Hugo , who later served as pallbearer and eulogist at Balzac 's funeral .	12	Past
The poster wrote that " Prompted I think by the Tom Cruise video , a new obsession is taking hold on the internet .	2	Past
When a view has multiple row and column fields , the fields that are closest to the detail data are referred to as inner fields .	3	Present
Office 2002 site license ( user does n't have Office 2002 installed on computer , but user 's organization has an enterprise or site license agreement )	6	Present
If you prefer larger cupcakes , then add a half a cup but make sure the muffin pan is larger and the cupcake holders are bigger .	24	Present
I suppose that it 's damn lucky for the GOP that she is populated with gullible idiots .	13	Past
Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 11/16/2005 08:36:00 AM	0	Past
It is precisely when engines are claimed to be environment-friendly because they consume less fuel that we can not make any exceptions .	1	Present
The salespeople are never available , the lines are always too long , and all the people want is a sale .	8	Present
John was delighted by this .	1	Past
When they are just jumping at each other and their tails are wagging that means that they are playing .	4	Present
Each filter you apply is added to the ones you already have in effect .	11	Present
Next day I left that station at last , with a caravan of sixty men , for a two-hundred-mile tramp .	3	Past
Tindi Kente is a wonderful dancer , wonderful , is n't she ... just like a snake brought out by music , and sometimes he 'll try with her .	2	Present
The Cunha report on multiannual guidance programmes comes before Parliament on Thursday and contains a proposal in paragraph 6 that a form of quota penalties should be introduced for countries which fail to meet their fleet reduction targets annually .	27	Past
Dunn believes the resulting overcharges for electricity exceeded $ 30 billion .	7	Past
Next thing he wanted to know ' how long it would take to ' ...	3	Past
Their Club sandwich looks tasty , maybe that 'll change my mind .... and a different server .	3	Present
Snowman would jump the high fencing that separated the two properties and always return to where he felt was home .	17	Past
the roaring in his ears was deafening	1	Present
All I can say is that Elmira you are the best I ve experienced , never before has the seamstress done a perfect job until i met you .	26	Past
The other staff reports are also looking good .	4	Present
There are special regions uniquely and imposingly designed for the children .	7	Past
Test simple image and text - based adverts and use what works .	11	Present
The last Olympic Games are believed to have been held in 393 .	8	Past
He had a robe that was made back in the '60s .	5	Past
I did n't understand what she 'd said except that they were visiting .	7	Past
Once the cycle has finished , shake all bottles vigorously again .	3	Present
I use GIMP and It s not cutting it , looks terrible .	1	Present
If you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone .	6	Past
I have .	1	Present
the people at Fidelity Leasing were very friendly and helpful .	5	Past
When was the Santorum cocktail first created ?	1	Past
By completing this maglev line , I think the government is expecting bigger economical development in Japan .	10	Present
The tag builds on the original punchline or twists back on it in a surprising way .	8	Present
i have not gotten a good response so i think shanna and i are going to stay in town .	9	Present
Seagal made headlines when he described Russia 's actions in Crimea , which it annexed in 2014 , as " very reasonable " .	14	Past
They began to withhold power from California , and on Dec. 7 the ISO declared its first Stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts , which were narrowly averted .	1	Past
At the height of the development of his biological weapons program , his brother was extradited pursuant to a death sentence in the " Albanian returnees " case ( now he faces retrial ) .	31	Present
I have asked Doug Daniels to prepare the settlement papers reflecting such an agreement .	2	Past
Been living there ? he asked .	1	Present
Then , eschewing normal procedure , the Department of State waived the fees that they charge for evacuating U.S. citizen .	10	Past
Phoenix has an arid climate with long , hot summers and very mild winters .	1	Present
These are the steps I used .	1	Present
This is however a very busy shop but there are appointments available & the staff up front will surely make sure you get back in a timely manner .	9	Present
I know a lot of people say to wait until he calls you , but it 's different because I 'm a client and technically that 's all I am at this point .	11	Present
I felt like I was in heaven when I walked through the majestic fields of this particular farm .	1	Past
Unlike an opossum , the chicken gives an unconvincing act , as it continues to blink and breathe in an obvious way . "	6	Present
As Shakespeare 's mastery grew , he gave his characters clearer and more varied motivations and distinctive patterns of speech .	7	Past
He 's been frantic , the woman explained .	1	Present
He told me to remember to call like 3 times before he left .	12	Past
So they were going to charge him for new peddles and proceeded to put them on without even telling him the price .	11	Past
not until the plane had come to a stop on the runway , and they were waiting for the health inspector to come aboard .	15	Past
But the terms that Russia is demanding , if accepted by the West , would fatally undermine Ukraine 's sovereignty ;	9	Past
The government 's ban on diesel vehicles within Athens and the early 1990s initiatives to improve car emissions have greatly contributed to better atmospheric conditions in the basin .	18	Present
We were a party of 4 and none of us were particularly pleased with our dishes .	10	Past
Below is the list , now updated to reflect this change .	1	Present
Turkey and Thailand are mired in political crises that reflect long - simmering domestic conflicts .	3	Present
U-haul and other nation companies offer box buy back services .	5	Present
I 've had a lot of cats who refused to eat the canned food .	12	Past
I need your help again .	1	Present
Yes , Mrs Schroedter , I shall be pleased to look into the facts of this case when I have received your letter .	19	Present
He is at his best when he is doing his Nerd impression ...	7	Present
Therefore , I need to know ASAP if there are any problems with the draft as written .	9	Present
Civil Defense Authority director General Suleiman al-Amr , in remarks to al-Ikhbariya television , said " All those who were wounded and the dead have been taken to hospital . There are no casualties left at the location . "	25	Past
The Arab Revolt which began in 1916 turned the tide against the Ottomans on the Middle Eastern front , where they initially seemed to have the upper hand during the first two years of the war .	4	Past
( For some reason it will not let me rate it one star - it is not rated 5 by me ! )	17	Past
Valentino tried to distance the character from a stereotypical portrayal of an Arab man .	1	Past
Iran is suspected by many nations of working towards the development of nuclear weapons , but even this justification has been tossed into a cocked hat .	21	Past
Sometime in this period , Nida became a founding charter member of Wycliffe Bible Translators , a related organization to the Summer Institute of Linguistics .	6	Past
The people who carry out these underground arms / drugs / sex trafficking deals are trauma based mind controlled slaves .	18	Past
The former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein is refusing to enter the Baghdad courtroom , in protest at how his trial is being conducted .	6	Present
Delhi police chief K K Paul named the man as Tariq Ahmed Dar , and said police were hunting for four accomplices .	17	Past
I have seen several of the providers from the office and have not once been shown anything but care and consideration .	15	Past
Stendhal 's heroes , when they are in prison , choose to think above love .	10	Present
We do not know what is happening .	5	Present
I tried to calculate the IRR on the port Aransas and Roma post offices .	1	Past
This place has done a great job of taking care of the usual maintenance on my hooptie .	3	Past
I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts .	2	Present
If it makes the room laugh , it probably ends up in the paper .	9	Present
Little evidence substantiates such stories other than hearsay collected after his death , and Shakeshafte was a common name in the Lancashire area .	8	Past
Or was it supposed to initially be a process of alchemical appropriation ?	3	Past
All I would regret was his prolonged absence from this House .	4	Past
I wonder if they were going down a hill !	1	Present
Freight charges on the Rangatira appear to be flexible and subject to change .	5	Present
Just recently discovered them last time I was down there , they 're very nice ) www.kaffeeeis.co.nz	2	Past
Once he had taken the leap into that name , he had stopped thinking about Auster himself .	2	Past
He frequently moved between works in progress , and " finished " works were often revised between editions .	10	Past
They do check the cart as you leave so do n't try to sneak anything past them .	9	Present
" Because Earth had lost touch with your world , the people here are very interesting to my father , " she said .	13	Present
it is not frequent .	1	Present
First , the nature of such an investigation is that we lack sufficient information to second - guess ( or even know ) what the FBI is doing .	26	Present
The Archbishop is , to use an old word , a portly man .	2	Present
Once the first bottle has been filtered , wash out the bottle and pour the Skittles vodka back in .	4	Present
They started to haggle .	1	Past
Until then he had said Pakistan ’s options were open .	4	Past
But what their contented little minds will never know is that I knew it when I took the job , I knew it all along , and I 'll say it now as loud as I 'd say it then ...	36	Past
' He sealed the utterance with that smile of his , as though it had been a door opening into a darkness he had in his keeping .	23	Past
Any time ... we 'd be very pleased ...	4	Past
The mind becomes strong and sharp .	2	Present
And they 're working towards being able to extradite people who have left the country to avoid paying it back .	2	Present
the Archbishop excuses himself in two languages and tells us when he comes back that he has been speaking to one of his Lebanese friends calling from Cyprus or from Greece .	8	Present
Several related issues have resulted in an increase in the level of operating risk for the Merchanting Metals business .	4	Past
Randy , this is the issue I left you the voice mail on .	3	Present
this place is awesome twelve did an amazing job place is clean and staff is friendly	5	Past
No need to give up wicked cakes when you toss the eggs , butter , and milk !	9	Present
Princeton islamist scholar Bernard Lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad , extremists like Zawahiri agree that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used .	16	Present
They are social and like to be handled .	4	Present
However , when you apply a filter by selection , the conditional filter already applied on the field is removed before the filter by selection is applied .	18	Present
As the American public gradually wearies of the Iraq crisis , some have begun worrying that the war could blow back on the US by creating the conditions for anti-American terrorism .	13	Past
Please everyone .... take heed and do n't get caught up in the hype about DECOR and YOU working with every budget ...	9	Past
There are several reasons for this .	1	Present
Soliloquies had been used mainly to convey information about characters or events ;	1	Past
If you wish to no longer receive invites from your friends , you can use the unsubscribe link in the footer of the email .	2	Present
The worst that could be said of him was that he did not represent his class .	11	Past
Worse comes to worse , I 'm out of the $ $ and have to put him down anyway or have a pretty pasture ornament .	6	Present
Standards have been raised , and the question of the radio ham has also been given attention .	14	Past
This has been an ongoing concern for the five years that I have been a Member of this Parliament , and I have raised the issue time and time again .	12	Present
Microsoft says that the latest versions of Internet Explorer provide the user with enhanced protection from these attacks and threats .	9	Present
They went into the Sputnik Bar for a moment , meeting music like a buffeting about the head , and then someone said that he thought the arrangement had been to meet at the railway crossing .	28	Past
In January 1998 Fabio Tollis and Chiara Marino , both just 16 , disappeared .	13	Past
With no link provided it is hard to say .	3	Past
There is no Terminal 1 .	1	Present
MOON LANDING HOAX : CHURCH = TECHNOLOGY & GOVERNMENT - Shuttle Carried on Aircraft model	11	Past
The Hatfill theory -- to include ongoing interviews and ongoing 7 / 24 surveillance by 8 surveillance specialists -- is now the subject of pending civil rights and libel claims of uncertain merit .	19	Present
Have they expressed any interest in negotiating ?	0	Present
As long as this Agreement is not yet concluded , insofar as it applies provisionally .	5	Present
This chef knows what he is doing .	6	Present
Jann , phoned this morning and asked me to pass this information to the group , concerning Bobby Riggins .	2	Past
not sure how I feel about that one .	4	Present
Without the funds from our 1991 partners , we would not be able to acquire the oil revenue trapped within Iraq .	18	Past
Sand Hill park was a great beach ...	3	Past
That is why my family and our colleagues are urgently seeking your gracious assistance .	10	Present
I 've traveled to all of these places and could certainly tailor a trip to your needs based on budget , actual time allowed , your likes and dislikes .	17	Past
Well , they 've been clamouring away , of course , but he 's refused to touch the army .	3	Present
These amendments also fit in with this Parliament 's view that social exclusion is a serious issue needing constructive action .	17	Present
If India could transform its IP regime to resemble the US system , which is more robust than China 's , the benefits would be even greater .	2	Past
I was told to leave a restaurant because I ordered water with my meal ( apparently this is " washing down " your food " ) and not ordering wine .	19	Present
My boyfriend and I were woken up in the middle of the night at our campsite by drunken kids who 'd arrived around 1:00 am and were drinking at the springs .	21	Past
He has been compared to Charles Dickens and has been called one of Dickens ' influences .	8	Present
Santa Claus has the right idea .	2	Present
" To arrive at the truth " , he wrote in the preface to Le Lys dans La Vallée , " writers use whatever literary device seems capable of giving the greatest intensity of life to their characters .	26	Present
1972 - Year that Bush walked away from his pilot duties in the Texas National Guard , Nearly two years before his six - year obligation was up .	5	Past
It looks like the 2 - day L/C issue is an issue .	9	Present
One has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these people do n't know what they are , do n't care , or know perfectly well .	21	Present
You change the layout of a chart by moving the fields to predefined drop areas within the chart workspace .	8	Present
I really have n't thought about writing a book .	4	Past
In 1893 , Higuchi , her mother and her sister abandoned their middle class house and , with a grim determination to survive , moved to a poor neighborhood where they opened a stationery store that before long failed .	38	Past
Yahoo! Founders Jerry Yang and David Filo selected the name because they considered themselves yahoos ...	7	Past
" Prompted I think by the Tom Cruise video , a new obsession is taking hold on the internet . An insurgency against The Church of Scientology . " Anonymous blogger , " Anon declares war on Church of Scientology "	14	Present
They felt it was overdone , mean-spirited and not funny .	3	Past
Since moving back from college and trying to settle roots in the Village , I have referred to the La Jolla Blue Book for a ton of local numbers .	15	Present
I know a lot of people say to wait until he calls you , but it 's different because I 'm a client and technically that 's all I am at this point .	1	Present
He realized that it was large , perhaps five or six rooms , and that it was richly furnished , with numerous art objects , silver ashtrays , and elaborately framed paintings on the walls .	18	Past
Harlan provides great service .	1	Present
You are finished .	1	Present
The service department even gave me a ride home and picked me up when my car was finished .	10	Past
It was as though Auster had read his thoughts , divining the thing he wanted most – to eat , to have an excuse to stay a while .	14	Past
Her mentor did not return her passionate , if discreet , love for him , and instead treated her as a younger sister .	2	Past
- it dries out , losing the water that is soaked into the set structure	10	Past
But without the delivery service , much of those profits simply would have gone to others .	11	Past
( I know , ignorant question ) Then why call them , or any other phonies ' Christians ' , even if they themselves claim the appellation .	24	Present
With the onset of the automobile , public officials reduced the city 's public transportation services without foreseeing the traffic gridlock and smog that would menace the city by the 1980s .	9	Past
When someone comes up and says , ' Frank , thank you , your work is great . "	15	Present
I took the receipt and the metal that did not fit and asked Pomper for my money back .	1	Past
I 'm like , ‘ Are you insane ?	1	Present
But throughout Alabama , there were Republicans and Democrats who wanted to help Red Blount .	5	Past
Likewise , our GDP metric does not reflect the cost of the increased insecurity individuals may feel with the increased risk of a loss of a job .	15	Present
Evidently , this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now .	8	Present
There he is , she said .	2	Present
These grew spontaneously one out of the other , and once you had been present at the first , you got handed on to all the others .	12	Past
Mitch Kapor got the name for his company from ' The Lotus Position ' or ' Padmasana ' .	2	Past
“ It ’s not funny , ” Derya says .	2	Present
In Baghdad Kadhim Talal Husain , assistant dean at the School of Education at Mustansiriyah University , was assassinated with his driver in the Salikh district .	17	Past
But , Madam President , my personal request has not been met .	10	Past
The yarns of seamen have a direct simplicity , the whole meaning of which lies within the shell of a cracked nut .	14	Present
This gives a little context .	1	Present
I just wanted to check with you regarding the consulting arrangement we discussed a couple of weeks ago .	2	Past
But a scan has shown the tumour in Ms Pugh 's right lung is growing , and she has had to leave the trial .	18	Present
The commission is definitely more responsive to market participants that are articulating the issue , providing specific examples and proposing the solution .	19	Present
By September of that year the Dow had tumbled to 744 .	7	Past
The Pakistani press reported that she was nabbed in Karachi after being spotted at the airport in late March or early April 2003 .	7	Past
The Internal Revenue Service of the United States of America will function as our trusted intermediary .	14	Past
Here 's the version showing revisions .	1	Present
You can group items by specifying the type of interval and the size of the interval .	5	Present
In recent months , its fallibility has become evident .	7	Past
Assignments have already been made and I will schedule a conference call later this week to discuss related details .?	3	Past
your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey .	3	Present
At some point , I 'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close ?	27	Present
negotiation ( i.e. , emotional responses ) and tactical negotiation ( i.e. , cognitive , or reasoned responses ) .	16	Past
They want to use LTS to tie into NASA 's vision for Space Exploration , and seem pleased that the White House is moving in that direction .	22	Present
Once you 're holding it , try to get her to touch / pet it ...	3	Present
When the July Revolution overthrew Charles X in 1830 , Balzac declared himself a Legitimist , supporting Charles ' House of Bourbon - but with qualifications .	11	Past
Respondents were provided the opportunity to select more than one race , and those who did were asked a follow-up question regarding which category best described their racial background .	25	Past
Its annual budget is more than $ 1.4 billion , and it employs more than 6,000 people .	12	Present
A very good friend of mine highly recommended the Professional Driving School and I was told to specifically ask for Gerry .	7	Past
The wit and wordplay of Much Ado About Nothing , the charming rural setting of As You Like It , and the lively merrymaking of Twelfth Night complete Shakespeare 's sequence of great comedies .	27	Present
According to the Pakistan reports , Aafia Siddiqui was detained after being spotted at Karachi International airport ( after she was followed to a relative 's house ) .	8	Past
The ship offers variety of eatables , deliciously made .	8	Past
I put the coffee thing in hot water and settled for a cup of weak coffee .	1	Past
When you see the first green tendrils push up through the soil , it 's time to remove the plastic wrap .	2	Present
Not with me , said Mr Malfoy , his long nostrils flaring .	11	Present
Feathered Feet / Shanks - Chicks could have feathered feet / shanks as this is also incomplete dominate .	14	Present
I have no idea what you 're talking about .	7	Present
Some , I heard , got drowned in the surf ; but whether they did or not , nobody seemed particularly to care .	6	Past
A pair of military pilots embarked on China 's second manned space flight early today , hurtling into orbit on a test mission that could span five days .	5	Past
Some of the younger kids that work there are a bit sub par , but if you wait for Nick ... you 'll be good .	17	Present
Kids put rocks , candy , and bugs in these .	1	Present
We all know what happened , but even to this day , there are many different versions and opinions on how it happened and what effect Chernobyl will have on the health of people affected by the fallout .	4	Past
You may regard my views as those of the proverbial taxi driver , which you are supposed to question , when you visit a country .	15	Present
No , technically they do not need a UVB light ; they are nocturnal .	4	Present
This means that I could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely , because it would have expired and disappeared by the time I returned .	23	Past
He was born in Stratford - upon - Avon and baptised there on 26 April 1564 .	1	Past
Attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty , which reflect our comments .	0	Past
And being dehydrated , vomiting , and having diarrhea just does n't feel good .	10	Present
In the world of " Wei 's magic cubes , " all seem to be ingeniously planned and tricky .	12	Present
Plus , this region ranks fifth in the nation in number of major cultural resources per one million residents .	4	Present
The problem is how to enable the whole world to enter the new future , including the Arabs .	2	Present
You can add pureed fruit for delicious flavor changes .	3	Past
Here you die and mingle .	4	Present
Falluja has long been roiled by tense relations with the US soldiers there , since local Sunnis either remain committed to Arab nationalism or have become Sunni fundamentalists or even radicals .	1	Present
Your answer does n't do anything but remind me that I 'm going to be $ 25,000 in debt by the time I 'm 22 .	11	Present
The only reason I 'm giving 3 stars instead of 1 or 2 , I should admit , nothing was broken .	20	Past
A recent review of the autobiography of a fedayeen speaks of the Israelis as colonialists .	9	Present
Suicide murders are not a new invention but they have been made popular , if I may use this expression , only lately .	11	Past
The result , then , is hardly the cat 's pyjamas .	5	Present
Thai auspicious colours of the day are given in the table of weekdays , followed below it by a link to the Buddha images for each day of the week .	7	Past
Cloaking himself in Yasser Arafat 's legacy , Abbas pledged to fulfill Palestinian dreams of statehood .	9	Past
The Cunha report on multiannual guidance programmes comes before Parliament on Thursday and contains a proposal in paragraph 6 that a form of quota penalties should be introduced for countries which fail to meet their fleet reduction targets annually .	7	Present
something hard knocked his elbow and he tucked it in tightly , still spinning and spinning	15	Present
The key is ... I have a few problems :	2	Present
The service is great and during weekends it tends to get busy , but the wait is worthwhile .	16	Present
IE 's various versions accounted for 70 percent of the market in 2009 ; this has dropped to approximately 56 percent today .	16	Past
He lathered his face , took out a clean blade , and started scraping off his beard .	5	Past
David is the most helpful and creative photographer that I have used .	1	Present
Conversions resulted in positive ROI which is unique for ANA considering their product is not an impulse purchase for most people and Japan is not traditionally seen as a leisure destination .	13	Present
I ve tried to tame them and they just would not get tamed .	2	Past
And she knows quite well that we 'd never see each other in London either .	7	Past
Well , it 's yours , said Quinn .	6	Past
I believe that the Commission 's initial approach was wise , because the problem calls for countless exceptions to the general rule .	14	Present
These North African and Oriental immigrants are blamed for bringing a baksheesh mentality to Israel ; the intellectuals are blamed for letting the quality of life ( a deplorable phrase ) deteriorate .	6	Present
and the first glance at the place was enough to let you see the flabby devil was running that show .	17	Present
But we do not take the view that including a corresponding reference to this in a recital can produce that result .	8	Present
And that ad had pulled so many girls , because they -- I think they all thought that nice girls do n't do this .	16	Past
After brushing the Florida Keys islands on Tuesday , Rita packed winds of about 240 kilometers an hour as it headed across the Gulf of Mexico .	20	Past
Gilderoy Lockhart came slowly into view , seated at a table surrounded by large pictures of his own face , all winking and flashing dazzlingly white teeth at the crowd .	11	Past
Now post your amended article to at least 200 news groups . :	3	Past
Though '' decided '' is probably not the right word , since from the day they were born , these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders .	16	Past
They are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters , planners , commanders , preachers , all of whom make a living , usually a very comfortable living , by serving as terror infrastructure .	2	Past
The secretary general of CEI ( Italian Episcopal Conference ) , Nunzio Galantino , has called the sentence " dangerous " ( ( it ) ) and " ideological " ( ( it ) ) :	15	Past
Harry waited for a minute in case he came back , then , quietly as he could , slipped out of the cabinet , past the glass cases , and out of the shop door .	8	Past
I think it s only fair that nowadays every town should provide at least one halal cafe or restaurant and hopefully one day every British catering establishment will be halal .	3	Present
Damage estimates of more than $ 25 bn suggest it could be the US insurance industry 's most expensive natural disaster ever .	8	Present
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .	7	Past
In the midst of a foreign - capital bonanza , stagnant levels of private investment in tradable goods are a particularly powerful danger signal that no amount of government mythmaking should be allowed to override .	32	Past
He was so accustomed to effacing himself in the hours of discussion of constitutional law and political tactics ( a white man , an outsider offering impersonal service for whatever it was worth ) ...	31	Past
It 's light proof and makes sure you get no problems when opening the camera .	5	Present
The first thing you notice when you arrive on location is that the waiting line literally goes out the door and spills into the parking lot .	4	Present
" We staged this fair to explore the limits of freedom Westerners believe in , " Masoud Shojai , head of the country 's " Iran Cartoon " association and the fair organizer , said .	2	Past
But the long silence from Ron and Hermione had made Harry feel so cut off from the magical world that even taunting Dudley had lost its appeal – and now Ron and Hermione had forgotten his birthday .	8	Past
grey shirt " mark " of course with this type behavior he could have been wearing someon else s clothing .....	15	Present
The problem is whether one cares what happens to the polar bears , checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables .	7	Present
" Thou art growing less doltish and more shrewd every day , Sancho , " said Don Quixote .	15	Past
Turkey understands it well .	1	Present
" They are targetting ambulances " , " American snipers are shooting children and pregnant women " , and " They are using cluster bombs against civilians " is all you get to hear from him .	22	Present
These are the people who keep Jerry springer on the air .	1	Present
Ambiguity frightens arrogant people because it suggests imperfection , change and lack of certainty ( realities we all must contend with as best we can ) .	1	Present
He did not allow Palestinian radicals to launch operations against Israel from Iraq .	1	Past
Prices , he said , did not spike as a result .	3	Past
It is full of gay friendly " everything " .	1	Present
By late 1974 investors were dizzy , they were desperate , they were wrung - out , they had left Wall Street , many for good .	18	Past
You were extremely polite and professional .	1	Past
IF you want flashy fancy food stacked high with lots of fussy garnishes , this is not the place for you .	15	Present
So I pointed this out to him , at which point he said they only had one of the correct tires in stock .	12	Past
I highly recommend that you do not use coiled / compact UVB bulbs as they are known to cause severe eye damage and / or blindness in reptiles not to mention they have trouble maintaining UVB output over time .	5	Present
The call was cancelled .	3	Past
2000 - Year that Cheney said his policy as CEO of Halliburton oil services company was " we would n't do anything in Iraq " .	15	Past
Shona has commissioned Mike Moscoso to work on this , and I believe that Mike has already been working with James New .	1	Present
You want to bring something back with you from your deep space experience where you sensed your mind merging with the universal Mind .	1	Present
i was just going to sleep anyway .	3	Present
The artwork is excellent and the prices are very reasonable .	2	Present
Creative Commons Corporation is not a law firm and does not provide legal services .	3	Present
There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value .	16	Past
After news of the police response was reported , Mohamed received support online ranging from US President Barack Obama to Facebook creator Mark Zuckerberg .	10	Past
Emma is fine , too - very well !!	1	Present
We have and will have children of our own , grandchildren too .	1	Present
He had emerged into a dingy alleyway that seemed to be made up entirely of shops devoted to the Dark Arts .	1	Past
I took a tip from Carri and looked up Rat ASCII's on Google .	7	Past
Anyway , once that is fixed , this place will be amazing .	4	Present
I had a couple of hickies on my neck the day after and the guys all wanted to know if those were shuttle burns .	21	Past
In an interview with Terry Gross , Stephen Colbert said of his time at Second City that they had decided on not doing political humor and , in particular , hackneyed political humor such as Ted Kennedy drinking jokes .	19	Past
I have been researching on line and find things are quite pricey but the tours look great .	15	Present
I shall also refer the matter to the College of Quaestors , and I am certain that they will be keen to ensure that we comply with the regulations we ourselves vote on .	25	Present
I also deleted " subject to recall " based on our discussion , assuming you get approval for that revision .	8	Past
In this period , when resources flowed to this " innovative " sector , GDP growth was markedly lower than it was before .	16	Past
Baghdadis do n't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more , you never know where you might get stuck .	14	Present
He was quite alone , but where he was , he had no idea .	8	Past
Filtering a field is particularly helpful when you have a large amount of source data but you want to focus on specific areas .	3	Present
He was bearing down on Harry like a great bulldog , all his teeth bared .	1	Past
Mr. ARCHIBALD : People have different ways of starting the days in any office .	4	Present
Employees seemed to be having a good time chatting and laughing with each other , while myself and other customers were completely ignored .	1	Past
If she is nicer when you are alone I 'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend .	18	Present
This campaign season , there have been questions about whether George W. Bush fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s .	6	Past
- U P D A T E D -	7	Past
I know this is going to be expensive .	3	Present
What I know is that I have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in New Orleans .	2	Present
I also struggle with passwords .	2	Present
Store is on the small side and atmosphere is just average .	8	Present
Likewise , our GDP metric does not reflect the cost of the increased insecurity individuals may feel with the increased risk of a loss of a job .	5	Present
If you have received this email in error , please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system .	2	Present
You are n't a poet , are you ?	6	Present
But Europe will not stand by while the world 's trade rules are flouted .	12	Present
These people only carry the very best American blown glass .	3	Present
Suddenly there was a growing murmur of voices and a great tramping of feet .	2	Past
Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy , even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery ( as he had twice stated i must agree to ) .	2	Past
Dates that fall after 31-Dec-1999 are grouped into a single group titled 31-Dec-1999 .	11	Past
Took a laptop in for a video cable to be replaced .	0	Past
Do you shoot an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another , always surrounded by children ?	7	Present
I SAY LISTEN : I 'm at 17th and LOCUST , do you deliver there ?	1	Present
If there is blood in the urine , or the cat seems to be in pain , then that is also a good indicator .	2	Present
So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)	31	Past
The Romantics , in particular , acclaimed Shakespeare 's genius , and the Victorians worshipped Shakespeare with a reverence that George Bernard Shaw called " bardolatry " .	23	Past
Whatever the rules were , the fights often resulted in the death of one of the stallions .	8	Past
That was not in agreement eather , but they realy demand it .	10	Present
If you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .	3	Past
I 've had 2 cuts now from Georgia and have paid more in other salons / barbershops and have not received this kind of treatment or cut !	20	Past
I need one horse transported to shows throughout the 2012 show season , and the location is about 3 hours away from where I live .	4	Past
Because Usamah is Saudi , my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the Wahhabi school of Islam that predominates among Saudia 's some 15 million citizens .	10	Past
An enhanced position signoff process will be implemented prior to end Q1 covering gross tonnage , spread positions and summarised analyses for brand and locations .	1	Past
Paul is out of the office today so I have n't had a chance to talk to him .	11	Past
Your emotional reactions to any piece of news about an Israeli casualty , a plane shot down , are pre-determined .	19	Past
This type of harness goes around the dog s chest and legs and has a clip for the leash up on the back of the dog in middle of shoulder blades .	13	Present
Personally , I should like to see a number of other requirements deleted .	12	Past
Most troubling , however , is the fact that the political will to end the crisis expressed a few short weeks ago seems to have ebbed .	16	Past
but Shakespeare used them to explore characters ' minds .	2	Past
The store manager , Jim Smith , made an excellent tire recommendation for my newly acquired Lexus .	7	Past
Put on a pair of spurs and before she makes that trot step , it 's in the feeling when you feel her think trot , tick her with the spur and lift with your body to keep her moving .	21	Present
He felt that the new July Monarchy ( which claimed widespread popular support ) was disorganized and unprincipled , in need of a mediator to keep the political peace between the King and insurgent forces .	14	Past
In addition to the core treatment , Dr Nelson has impressed me further with his concern and interest in the well - being of his patients – his dental work underpinned by a strong duty of care to every patient .	30	Past
He was the person , he and his wife Jan , introduced -- reintroduced me and Laura in his backyard in July of 1977 .	13	Past
When he started out his poems were about beating drums , and blow , bugle , blow .	16	Present
We therefore had to meet these two fundamental objectives and I sincerely believe that we are close to achieving this .	2	Past
They are like family .	1	Present
Increasingly , analysts are saying that China 's efforts have gone beyond what is safe or even in its own interests .	4	Present
Should flexibility of this kind result in there being inadequate rules in some countries then we should work towards greater harmonisation .	0	Past
Then she gave him work to do , with the promise he would n't eat again until he 'd finished .	18	Past
" Sensitive government document found on rainy Ottawa street " — CBC.ca , August 15 , 2008	4	Past
We had a larger black population in the 70s than we have now but they did not have any power until Willie Brown was elected .	24	Past
The deeper problem lies with the excessive financialization of the global economy that has occurred since the 1990 ' s .	3	Present
Michelangelo made the marble one but why did he do another if Donatello had already made one ?	13	Past
In theory , market - determined currency values are supposed to isolate the domestic economy from the vagaries of international finance , rising when money floods in and falling when the flows are reversed .	5	Past
When we complained to the management ( as we were instructed to do if there were any problems ) , nothing happened !	9	Past
GOODWYN : Murph Archibald says that at first , he did n't know that Mr. Bush was serving in the Air National Guard .	17	Present
She is always so busy , too , which is a good indication of her talent .	1	Present
If such a decision is taken before the date of accession , the decision will only come into effect upon the date of accession .	5	Past
I received a report from HR and it appears there is conflicting information regarding some of the titles for various employees .	8	Present
I was playing a video game that has a m 16 Vietnam model , and in the game it 's 3 - shot burst .	7	Present
The trouble was , there was already someone sitting on it .	2	Past
I regret this since we are having to take action because others have not done their job .	5	Present
Parts department blows , Service department is even worse .	2	Present
Ok maybe that is n't the right question , but my question is can you text from a united states number when you r in canada , can you send texts to another united states number ?	12	Present
Regular tourists who renew their 30 day visa are eligible to depart the country ( to any destination ) and return immediately enjoying a further 60 days ( 30 days plus a 30 day extension ) .	3	Present
We step into the street and my friend David Shahar , whose chest is large , takes a deep breath and advises me to do the same .	16	Present
Mweta said , with his slow shy smile that always seemed to grow like a light becoming more powerful , as his eyes held you , You mean little Venetia ?	16	Present
This type of harness goes around the dog s chest and legs and has a clip for the leash up on the back of the dog in middle of shoulder blades .	4	Present
This letter might surprise you because we have not met neither in person nor by correspondence .	7	Present
All the food tasted excellent , and with the new renovation of chairs and the bathroom , it is awesome .	3	Past
Well - when you pay over $ 1000 for something you want it to hold up and look good !!!	11	Present
I said I was going to trash it also and could I at least have a credit .	4	Present
I told him I told you to call him back and at least hear what he has to say .	16	Present
Her mother had spoken out against Scientology on French television after her ex-husband and Paris 's father , Albert Jaquier , committed suicide after he lost his fortune to Scientology .	21	Past
Expressions such as " with bated breath " ( Merchant of Venice ) and " a foregone conclusion " ( Othello ) have found their way into everyday English speech .	16	Past
It is not as precise as a pelham bit because it only uses one rein , though the modern ones have two or three slots on which to put the reins .	12	Present
I do n't live in Lake St. Louis anymore , but deliveries were always correct and the service courteous .	1	Present
Mike one of owners was awesome , he explained the detailed plan , and executed on time , I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .	8	Past
If you are moving the line away from the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows larger .	30	Present
Making his way through the press of oncoming bodies , Quinn made a tour of the numbered gates , looking for hidden staircases , unmarked exits , dark alcoves .	19	Present
enron is blowing up .	1	Present
Start with small amount of vodka and Skittles at first to experiment which combination of taste suits you best .	16	Present
One resident of New Orleans said escaping from the storm was " hell " .	5	Past
The problem is that in many EU Member States it has become the easy option with dire consequences for the environment .	10	Present
Do you know the address to send cards ??	0	Present
Owing to its history , Łódź has an impressive collection of residential , commercial and industrial 19th-century architecture including some of Europe 's largest factory buildings , now mostly repurposed as shopping centres or lofts .	29	Past
Here it is .	2	Present
I 've said it to my wife .	1	Present
However , if they have been vomiting numerous times , then the blood could be due to irritation of the stomach and intestines .	4	Present
And if yes , what 's the game and wager ???	5	Present
33 - Percentage of the $ 15 bn Bush pledged to fight Aids in Africa that must go to abstinence - only programmes .	9	Past
Professor Eastman says iodine is added to only 10 per cent of Australian salt in contravention of a World Health Organisation recommendation that all salt be iodised .	2	Present
The price spikes pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need and want an easy way out .	3	Present
Take the messages for what they are : she has no objection in you being pals at uni , but she does not want to take matters further .	21	Present
They may however be applied beyond the period specified in the first paragraph as long as the relevant commitments have not been fulfilled .	1	Present
Importing queries created under one ANSI SQL query mode into an Access database set to another mode , or exporting queries created under one ANSI SQL query mode to an Access database set to another mode .	32	Past
Their chauvinisms got to the point that even they themselves hated each other .	10	Past
Give yourself the gift of trying this place , to see if it fits you ...	13	Present
maintain strong prudential controls on capital flows , or be prepared to invest a large share of resources in self - insurance by accumulating large foreign reserves .	0	Present
Seagal , whose grandmother was from Vladivostok in Russia 's far east , has made frequent trips to Russia in recent years and visited Kamchatka and Sakhalin in September .	13	Present
In the Endurance expedition in 1914 , the British ship Endurance , captained by Sir Ernest Shackleton , set sail with twenty eight men to cross the Antarctic .	18	Past
Steeped in culture and history , these islands are on the very edge of civilisation .	0	Past
Oh Ras , was it ?	3	Past
I have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job # 0000108806 that has become available in your department .	3	Past
I hope that the Commission is able to accept the present amendment .	1	Present
Today we went for a party ( during lunch , so the place was empty ) with about 25 other people .	13	Past
I mean there ’s certainly signs of it , and in the United States too , in fact we had a sit down strike in the United States not long ago , which is a very militant labor action .	3	Present
i m not worried about damaging the surface my tank is on because i can prop it up off the surface anyway .	1	Present
And they 'll probably add interest to what you 've already racked up .	11	Past
For the last few years there have been tensions with Iran ’s nuclear program with word coming this week that a deal was reached through the European Union that meets with the approval of the International Atomic Energy Agency .	7	Past
I interviewed several contractors for a kitchen remodel .	1	Past
By 1998 , Zawahiri had determined that the Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States and hold off on further attacks against the Egyptian regime .	5	Past
But , before hand in middle school , I kept on hearing about this guy named Mario , and he kept on hearing about me , this girl named Isabel .	9	Past
- With regard to the range of information exchanges and methodologies / measures , most have been presented in the various workshops , meetings and seminars .	16	Past
Unfortunately for them , the general has decided to take seriously Colin Powell 's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the Indians made conciliatory gestures toward Islamabad .	18	Past
Security measures are strict on flights to Israel , the bags are searched , the men are frisked , and the women have an electronic hoop passed over them , fore-and-aft .	2	Present
And a bunch of them had called and they said , " Wow . "	9	Past
Incitement by Arab TV , accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies , has become a powerful weapon of those who lie , distort and want to destroy everything .	25	Present
I had so many strawberries right on the field ... strongly recomend ... do nt forget to try their great ice cream	1	Past
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID .	4	Past
Dobby knows it , sir .	1	Present
There began one of those chases about in the night that , Bray saw , Neil Bayley fiercely enjoyed .	13	Past
I 'm hearing some pretty depressing stuff from the people I know at ENE .	11	Present
Figured they 'd contacted them , but wanted to make sure .	2	Past
I would say it really depends on your riding ability , what disciplines you are interested in doing , or plan on doing , etc .	20	Present
And they 'll probably add interest to what you 've already racked up .	9	Present
Can you post a link that shows all the art works that were never found after the Natzi stole them ?	14	Past
And before Harry could stop him , Dobby bounded off the bed , seized Harry 's desk lamp , and started beating himself around the head with ear-splitting yelps .	13	Past
They track poop everywhere ( most disgustingly my bed .... ) , and am constantly trying to climb up everything , including my bare legs !	15	Present
The place where I 'm boarding is not likely to want to take me this far , and I do not have any ways of hauling him myself .	19	Present
She laughed .	1	Past
Anyway , I got you message , and I got the World Series thing ( although I had already received	17	Past
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .	4	Past
I would highly recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a quality tattoo done .	14	Past
In every case , it will require African policymakers to start recognizing women farmers as the essential economic partners that they are .	5	Present
What made it perfect was that they offered transportation so that I would not have to wait there or take time off of work to go back and forth or try to find a ride .	4	Past
Sounds like your cat is stressed out .	4	Present
Many leading health researchers , including Kelly Brownell , David Ludwig , and Walter Willett , have documented these problems .	16	Present
Little by little , Quinn began to feel cut off from his original intentions , and he wondered now if he had not embarked on a meaningless project .	23	Past
However , New Orleans also had many affluent people , people who left town early as they had the means .	12	Past
In 1912 was founded the first film company ( Athina Film ) and in 1916 the Asty Film .	3	Past
Second , we attracted millions of readers via the virtuous circle of wiki editing : We had some articles of mixed quality , and editors joined to improve those articles , which in turn attracted more readers .	34	Past
Anyway , so that was 2 days ago that I called and left a message , but he still has n't called back yet .	19	Present
The problem is that these factors are not amenable to isolated public - health interventions .	10	Past
" Sudan is the primary example , " he said .	9	Past
As early as 1926 , Meyer had written to Irène Joliot - Curie suggesting that Rona work with her to learn how his laboratory could make their own polonium samples .	6	Past
Who he was , where he came from , and what he did are of no great importance .	6	Past
Another thing non-locals do n't often realize is that Cleveland 's long history of industrial wealth has left it chock full of cultural riches as well as the beginnings of a " sustainable city ' movement .	16	Present
The traditional greeting known as the wai , where you press your hands together as is in prayer and bow slightly , is derived from the Hindu cultural influence from India , and still widely practised .	3	Past
With hard work and focus , you will attain at least one important aspiration that has been on your agenda for a long time .	16	Past
She was , however , reading a book , a paperback with a lurid cover , and Quinn leaned over ever so slightly to his right to catch a glimpse of the title .	1	Past
I brought my car in on a Sunday to replace a shredded tire .	11	Past
I did the same thing that you did for christmas .	1	Past
it s great to know you can get great service , great product , and for the best price all in one !	1	Present
i need to know how they are different and alike in these area's	6	Present
It was she who had given her glass to him that night at the Independence party ;	4	Past
Whilst youth jobs are thin on the ground , do n't assume it 's better in Oz .	13	Present
I started collecting animations & jokes just to help with my boredom and depression .	1	Past
What matters is how well trained he is , and how good your bond it .	7	Present
Lower and lower went the flying car .	3	Past
Andre is going to look over the list of curves needed for the global assets ( August Board meeting ) one more time before I forward it to you .	25	Present
As he did with the people around him , Balzac studied these places in depth , traveling to remote locations and surveying notes that he had made on previous visits .	25	Past
It is a political process and I have decided not to be present , so it was said .	7	Present
But I was not pleased to read the description in the catalog : " No good in a bed , but fine against a wall . "	2	Past
The origin of the word Hispania is much disputed and the evidence for the various speculations are based merely upon what are at best mere resemblances , likely to be accidental , and suspect supporting evidence .	16	Present
Mr President , there has been considerable progress made with regard to the internal market for medicinal products .	8	Past
Theravada Buddhist monks are also supposed to avoid material temptations and as such , are not allowed to touch money , so offering money to a monk is considered to be a sign of disrespect in most Theravada Buddhist cultures .	28	Past
Dekalb County Police Chief Louis Graham ... the man who reopened the investigations last year , is mysteriously stepping down .	10	Past
Key EU programmes between 1989 , 1993 , 1994 and 1999 have certainly helped to improve the economic competitiveness of peripheral countries and Objective 1 regions within Europe .	13	Past
Numbers through five in the participating communities are most often expressed with native Chitonga words while numbers greater than five are typically indicated using English borrowings .	22	Past
Built during the Safavid period , it is an excellent example of Islamic architecture of Iran , and regarded as one of the masterpieces of Persian Architecture .	0	Past
I do think some Y!A users need to work on their reading comprehension as I ca n't comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse .	1	Present
Considering that it is only today that we are dealing with a Commission proposal first made on 19 March 1998 , even though Parliament responded relatively quickly , this time lag is a little too long .	8	Present
As its " comeback ' has continued , the official moniker is now the New American City as Cleveland has rightfully earned the reputation as a model of effective public-private partnership for urban planning .	21	Past
We took it back in to have it repaired again , and less than a week later the second compressor went out .	8	Past
Rusted out and unsafe cars sold here !	5	Past
If you carry out the Save As command after making changes to the object 's formatting , but before saving your changes , the current formatting – not the saved formatting – will be used to create the page .	19	Present
The hearing is focused on the pilot and we have an opportunity to provide some probing questions for Wolens to direct to Sam and Tom .	2	Present
It 's got its own bathroom and tv , and is pretty cozy .	10	Present
For something that lasts hours , go to the next method ( which is a lot easier to facilitate if you have access to a laboratory , but it 's still worth mentioning ) .	29	Present
By this time , " her skin was weeping , her body malnourished and her corneas melting " , according to the Sydney Morning Herald .	8	Present
Dando , equally assured , went on talking as if without interruption .	3	Past
" If Donald Trump becomes president , the government here will still have to work with him to advance whatever shared agenda there is , to ensure that Canadian businesses and interests are represented in Washington . "	32	Present
He had heard of Israel , but only just , and he was not especially interested .	1	Past
And it was in a grandmother bar by the waterfront — sipping hot tea with rum and watching over the shoulders of dockworkers playing mah-jongg — that I first heard of the valley of giants .	29	Past
This is a nice place , and I know we will return to meet my sister - in - law from Chicago !!	1	Present
Agel has created a new compensation structure that is truly revolutionary .	1	Present
He advanced the theories of Rank and Nexus in Danish in two papers : Sprogets logik ( 1913 ) and De to hovedarter af grammatiske forbindelser ( 1921 ) .	1	Past
I am not such a fool as I look , quoth Plato to his disciples , he said sententiously , emptied his glass with great resolution , and we rose .	29	Past
CLEMENT 's St. Methodius dies : April 6 , 884 Monday	4	Present
Be a little more reasonable with your expectations of a place like this ; and maybe do n't jump to personal attacks suggesting that they do n't want to work hard , just because you bruised your own ego .	35	Past
David Bundren is the Tire GooRoo .	2	Present
I have no idea if that is related or farmers are doing a better job of clearing out opossums now because they know opossums are carriers , but we have n't had an EPM horse in at least 10 years .	29	Present
Although there are no human vocals / lyrics , I think it's subject matter is audible .	10	Present
Darius 's highly regarded commander Megabazus was responsible to fulfill the conquers in the Balkans .	3	Past
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .	7	Present
" That 's why he did the Campbell Soup cans or the Marilyn pictures , these iconic products of American culture whether they be in film , video or actually products we consumed .	2	Present
Two or three times I consider whether to mention to him a letter I sent Le Monde during the 1973 war about the position being taken by France .	14	Past
You have to stand up to that and I would rather someone ran at me rather than round me .	12	Past
Catriona is well and has landed herself a pretty cool job in PR .	5	Past
Copies will be distributed .	3	Past
How they murdered him I do not know , save that it was Murillo 's hand who struck him down , for Lopez had remained to guard me .	23	Past
" There should be no preferential access to government , or appearance of preferential access , accorded to individuals or organizations because they have made financial contributions to politicians and political parties , " the guidelines read .	24	Past
It varie$ company to company .	1	Present
The events of the last few years have amplified four issues , which have always existed , but have never been as rampant as in the present upheaval in the region .	20	Past
They said they were " unable to tell me until they ordered my dress " .	3	Past
Blimey , I 'm tired , yawned Fred , setting down his knife and fork at last .	3	Present
The absence of his name from the 1605 cast list for Jonson 's Volpone is taken by some scholars as a sign that his acting career was nearing its end .	26	Past
If someone asks you why you pushed all the buttons , you can honestly say , " It was just a joke ! "	18	Past
The afternoon sessions will be devoted to the hands-on training of skills , following the Library Carpentry model as closely as possible .	5	Past
I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what 's the point ?	24	Present
At one point they told me the dog had been fixed , the next day it had n't .	9	Past
In theory , market - determined currency values are supposed to isolate the domestic economy from the vagaries of international finance , rising when money floods in and falling when the flows are reversed .	32	Present
I have also tried monthly data and the results are the same .	9	Present
As the southeast asians and philipinos came over , they added to the cultures .	6	Past
The amazing thing is that all of these crooks demand protection under international law , and define all those who attack them as " war criminals , " with some Western media repeating the allegations .	16	Present
I have a fax machine at home , though , if you prefer .	12	Present
Hi , i bought my Syrian Hamster ( Fernando ) just yesterday and as i was told to leave	3	Past
Al - Gu'ud had favoured elections and was in good terms with the government .	4	Past
I have no idea if that is related or farmers are doing a better job of clearing out opossums now because they know opossums are carriers , but we have n't had an EPM horse in at least 10 years .	31	Past
" Her voice literally went around the world , " Leive said .	11	Past
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	32	Present
Yo mama `s so fat , when she gets in an elevator , it HAS to go down .	8	Present
Olivia went in to change the record and because it was , unexpectedly , Mozart – the harp and Mute concerto – he lit a cigar to smoke while he enjoyed it .	30	Past
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	4	Present
Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates .	16	Present
This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically upon any breach by You of the terms of this License .	7	Present
We thought you might like to know who your colleagues find interesting , so we 've provided a sampling of the suggestions below .	16	Past
I am Lady Kingel and I hail from the United Legit Gaming Guilds of Guild Wars .	1	Present
Youth would be an ideal state if it came a little later in life .	8	Past
Nothing good would ever happen – and certainly not for the US .	2	Past
Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said the governor felt " betrayed " by the actions of Winter .	7	Past
" A few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear 's paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling . "	7	Past
Captured by the Vikings 866 , the city quickly took on a new identity as Jorvik ( pronounced " Yor-vik " ) and experienced a major urban revival as a centre of Viking trade and settlement in northern England .	17	Past
While he admired and drew inspiration from the Romantic style of Scottish novelist Walter Scott , Balzac sought to depict human existence through the use of particulars .	2	Past
IF you have NOT begun the Application process's NOW < you are about 2 to 3 years away from being approved by Immigration Canada .	2	Present
Well I recently bought the Nook Color , and I have to say that I am very happy with it .	3	Past
Also , I purchased some furniture last year and all has been great !	11	Past
He was ordained as a Baptist minister .	1	Past
Floating exchange rates may moderate the adjustment difficulties , but they do not eliminate them .	0	Present
I feel lighter and feel that I have more possibilities open to me now than I did before .	4	Present
The event was known about in Paris and caused more upset in a mood which was already charged by the persistently high price of bread and lack of provisions .	17	Past
He opened his eyes to make the words stop .	1	Past
In Jakov Lind 's interesting brief book on Israel , Ben-Gurion is quoted as saying , " The Jews know hardly anything of a hell that might await them .	11	Present
ON A BAD NOTE THE WAITING AREA IS NOT ENJOYABLE OR ENOUGH SEATS .	7	Present
he does n't seem to know that they are food .	8	Present
She was determined to make no end of fuss to get me appointed skipper of a river steamboat , if such was my fancy .	2	Past
( 3 ) Everyone who works has the right to just and favourable remuneration ensuring for himself and his family an existence worthy of human dignity , and supplemented , if necessary , by other means of social protection .	14	Present
My question is related to Mr Smith 's question .	3	Past
Everything we ordered was prepared to perfection , and was presented perfectly .	10	Past
I have been suffering from back pain for over 12 years and have been to numerous specialists , physios , osteos and chiros with no help .	2	Past
It ’s sort of like , " Hmmm ... that ’s hilarious . That ’s really really funny " rather than people falling off their chairs .	10	Present
Yer a mess ! said Hagrid gruffly , brushing soot off Harry so forcefully he nearly knocked him into a barrel of dragon dung outside an apothecary 's .	16	Past
Thank you for the help .	0	Present
What you say is rather profound , and probably erroneous , he said , with a laugh .	2	Present
Dobby has heard of your greatness , sir , but of your goodness , Dobby never knew	2	Past
I hope to be back !	1	Present
My fear and discomfort from dental work scared me !	7	Past
However the CBD is closed of to the public as a lot of it is still rubble and stuff and has n't been cleared away yet .	22	Past
Leahy 's chief of staff apparently started with the strong predisposition that some right - winger was involved because two liberal democrats had been targeted .	24	Past
It would have been too painful to watch .	3	Past
Some Christian scholars criticize Tolle 's teachings , while others praise them .	3	Present
Carroll met Rachel in the Jellicoh College library , where he had a part-time job .	11	Past
What disturbs is whether Americans understand the world at all , whether they are a match for the Russians the Sadats are in themselves comparatively unimportant .	5	Present
They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood .	1	Present
In his right hand , fixed between his thumb and first two fingers , he held an uncapped fountain pen , still poised in a writing position .	5	Past
I know New York pizza and this is not it !!	1	Present
Neil stood on the moonlit patch of earth in front of the dark building and called up , but there was no response .	1	Past
These links present the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called Chernobyl :	7	Past
I went in later that afternoon and met with Michael .	1	Past
i always thought there s no custom charges for gifts .	2	Past
In my letter to Le Monde I had said that in the French tradition there were two attitudes toward the Jews : a revolutionary attitude which had resulted in their enfranchisement , and an anti-Semitic one .	7	Past
And students get $ 5 off , ca n't argue with that .	2	Present
Yes , I know about the Kindle Fire but that 's not what I want (: Does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars ?	10	Present
soon he will make the whole house his , but he needs that one safe place to start from .	11	Present
I considered just leaving after going inside and nearly did .	1	Past
He had spent the afternoon preparing for this visit as carefully as if he were preparing for an exam .	14	Past
All children , whether born in or out of wedlock , shall enjoy the same social protection .	11	Present
With 71 goals in 137 international matches , he has shot a record number of goals for the DFB .	9	Present
He began postdoctoral research at Helsinki in 2012 .	1	Past
With the US military presence posing a threat on their borders in both Iraq and Afghanistan , Iran ’s moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise Karzai so that the US presence in Afghanistan is reduced .	35	Past
These three little ones do n't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice Dad , but I 'm sure they 'll find out soon .	20	Present
His art perfectly combines painting and Chinese calligraphy .	3	Present
These may be reasonable assumptions , but the estimate was deeply unsettling to many .	9	Past
He was used to walking briskly , and all this starting and stopping and shuffling began to be a strain , as though the rhythm of his body was being disrupted .	4	Present
if he keeps his head , and that one ca n't be sure of , not even with him , mmh ? not even with him .	2	Present
While these concerns should not be dismissed out of hand , none of them is the source of the current slowdown .	14	Present
my experience with them was great - low stress , very helpful and very personal .	4	Past
The Halls had one child , Elizabeth , who married twice but died without children in 1670 , ending Shakespeare 's direct line .	9	Past
The reason for it is because people were fighting for our land , either defending it or extending it , because that was the main source .	8	Present
I expect it will be determined that , under " Strong Man " Hugo Chavez , Posada could not be guaranteed a fair trial .	5	Past
Actions under these programmes will have to be contracted within the following two years .	4	Present
How did executive types ever learn of such things ?	1	Past
You either 1 ) sacrifice on breadth and do n't produce the topics that wo n't interest advertisers , or 2 ) you sacrifice on quality and produce content that does n't cost much to write .	30	Present
If you do n't practice , then nothing happens .	8	Present
Higuchi 's likeness adorns the Japanese 5000 yen banknote as of fall 2004 , becoming the third woman to appear on a Japanese banknote , after Empress Jingū in 1881 and Murasaki Shikibu in 2000 .	3	Present
Still , the Cloughs pursued Bray through Vivien .	4	Past
She gestured and laughed , but her husband was eager to break in , holding up his hands over the plate balanced on his knees .	8	Past
Secular Arab nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the Palestinians , and those in post-Saddam Iraq are no exception .	6	Present
We took our 7 month old and she laughed and giggled when ( very harshly I might add ) grabbing and ' kissed ' the goats and lambs .	22	Past
Some reporters ( you know , the ones with journalistic ethics ) have actually uncovered the truth about George Bush 's service in the Texas Air National Guard .	14	Past
Attached are the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you .	17	Past
York was known as Eboracum by the Romans , who founded the fortress city on the River Ouse in the year 71 .	1	Past
Major general Fuad Basya , spokesman for the Indonesian military , said fisherman first noticed the people and a warship was deployed to retrieve them .	11	Past
I have had several close encounters with both foxes and wild deer .	2	Past
We ca n't avoid being politicized ( to use a word as murky as the condition it describes ) because it is necessary after all to know what is going on .	5	Past
to distribute copies or phonorecords of , display publicly , perform publicly , and perform publicly by means of a digital audio transmission Derivative Works .	10	Present
When the elevator is going from the bottom floor to the top , as soon as the doors close , exclaim that you lost your tarantula / snake / scorpion but confirm that it is somewhere in the elevator .	4	Present
Soon the people were surging around him .	3	Past
I know that if my garage door needs to be repaired , I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors	10	Past
Sometimes he stood up for exercise .	2	Past
UN Secretary - General Kofi Annan has indicated it is time to " recognize Hezbollah " after easily being duped by " the message on the placards they are using " .	28	Present
And , a relationship you begin now will last a very long time - like , for the rest of your life .	5	Present
The government has been much more pro-active in preparing for this cyclone than in the past .	3	Past
The big hit of the evening , Wikinews observed from the long line , was the Polaroid-room where attendees could wear a Warhol-like wig or don crazy glasses and have their own Polaroid taken .	33	Past
Can you pass this along to Elizabeth to ensure Sanders is on board as well ?	10	Present
This boat has serviced the islands for many years , but does not carry passengers .	11	Present
they use them to look prickly .. would you try to eat a cactus [ if u had no knife ] i know i would nt .	1	Present
But the Weasleys gave a gigantic tug and Harry 's leg slid out of Uncle Vernon 's grasp .	11	Past
Our community culture is focused on wikiLove and civility .	4	Past
Then he thought about what Max Work might have been thinking , had he been there .	14	Past
Civil Defense Authority director General Suleiman al-Amr , in remarks to al-Ikhbariya television , said " All those who were wounded and the dead have been taken to hospital . There are no casualties left at the location . "	19	Past
" All of the research and all of the preparation I did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the Soper [ River ] valley where we were canoeing , " Dr. Fortier said .	34	Present
**** sigh **** not trying to sound snooty or stuck up but I mean really !	9	Past
An altar cloth was draped over her half - naked body , which was posed as if she had been sexually assaulted .	4	Past
My weekends seem to be taken up with condo matters , house hunting .	2	Present
It is hard to find ... and the mexican food is bland , almost equivalent to eating out of a can .	1	Present
I think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards , but I wonder about the most appropriate timing , enough of a global message and the means of delivery .	4	Present
If you have children or are just a real animal lover yourself you 'll love this zoo .	5	Present
" Had it happened an hour later it would have been much worse , " Khaled Al-Maeena , editor at large at the Saudi Gazette , said .	10	Past
In the airport , follow the signs that say " Paris by train " .	8	Present
I should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you did n't spell her name right in the email - I mean it 's such a common spelling .	28	Present
ALITO filed a dissenting opinion , in which SCALIA and THOMAS joined as to Parts I through III .	1	Past
( 2 ) Motherhood and childhood are entitled to special care and assistance .	6	Present
Ukraine 's government under Yanukovych was incompetent , corrupt , and mendacious .	5	Past
The Osage Trail is a rails-to-trails route that begins at the OSU-Tulsa campus and travels north 15 miles to Skiatook .	8	Present
Who would have thought that a former American account executive could write :	2	Present
Bray repeated what had been said to him at the airport that morning – that some of the white people still living in the capital would be more at home down South , in Rhodesia or South Africa .	5	Past
He 's not giving 85 % away , he 's giving a number of shares each year that decrease in number at the rate of 5 % a year ( until gone ? ) .	10	Present
And the river was there – fascinating – deadly – like a snake . Ough !	3	Past
Wilkes was re-elected and expelled twice more , before the House of Commons resolved that his candidature was invalid and declared the runner - up as the victor .	4	Past
On his best walks , he was able to feel that he was nowhere .	12	Past
And that explains the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga 's four - day visit to India recently .	2	Present
By the time it was over , Bush had served nearly two years .	9	Past
By using a schema , you can ensure that any XML document that is used to import data into Access or export from Access to another format contains specific data and conforms to a defined structure .	14	Past
I 'm you , and you 're me .	1	Present
it 's got the character of the miners ' pub it was , but it 's very handy for the new government offices , not too overawing , so you get quite a few Africans coming in .	2	Past
The plants provide shade and root strength for bank stability .	2	Present
The Romantics , in particular , acclaimed Shakespeare 's genius , and the Victorians worshipped Shakespeare with a reverence that George Bernard Shaw called " bardolatry " .	14	Past
Of course law enforcement has dragged it's feet when members are taking part in the activity themselves .	11	Present
The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of Ismail Khan , the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month , who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners .	29	Past
Once in a fever I heard thousands of birds outside my window and I was terrified that they would fling themselves through the glass and attack me , but it was only the rain on the eaves .	5	Past
It is rumored that North Korea has at least a couple nuclear weapons .	2	Past
For God 's sake , Timothy , stop baring your teeth and sink them into something .	12	Present
Back to my poor rating - I was excepted to medical school and went in to cancel my membership as I was told I could do since I was moving away .	8	Past
After news of the police response was reported , Mohamed received support online ranging from US President Barack Obama to Facebook creator Mark Zuckerberg .	7	Past
This was the first book Balzac released under his own name , and it gave him what one critic called " passage into the Promised Land " .	19	Past
Of course you do , you 're a Mets fan caught in a do-or-die moment in late September at Shea	10	Past
His eyes were permanently fixed on the pavement , as though he were searching for something .	4	Past
His watch read nearly six .	2	Past
This attitude is particularly prevalent in India , which recently put trade negotiations with the EU on hold , and it was central to the failure of the Doha Round of global trade talks .	21	Past
mm it depends on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him in .. atleast as far as i 'm concerned .	14	Present
Harry and Hermione looked around : sprinting up the crowded street were Ron , Fred , George , Percy and Mr Weasley .	3	Past
There was no mention of a detective agency , but that did not necessarily mean anything .	11	Past
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	27	Present
However , any queries you created were not visible in the Database window because there was no option to set this mode in the user interface .	6	Past
Jared , Ruth and I are going to go over all the Florida activity tomorrow morning .	6	Present
Cyclones gather their strength through scraping moisture and heat from warm ocean water that it is not the case over land .	15	Present
it was worth of the ride more than an hour ...	1	Past
My brother said they only had full - auto and semiautomatic during Vietnam .	2	Past
Given that Herod was in Jerusalem at that time , Pilate decided to send Jesus to Herod to be tried .	0	Past
But millions of Moslems are told by their leaders that this is the case .	4	Present
I could n't help asking him once what he meant by coming there at all .	11	Present
Peggy Banczak is the ENA lawyer who handles Mexico .	2	Present
The work on my car was done quickly and I felt I could trust his work .	10	Past
Does she have any interest in meeting one - on - one or is she just looking for a public hanging ?	16	Present
Do n't think I do n't know I 've got some bad times coming to me , he said , as if taking up , in private , current talk about himself .	18	Past
She is going to be a kinesiologist , sports injury therapist .	2	Present
i am going out tonight to get wasted if anyone is interested .	1	Present
Richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit .	8	Present
Some individuals reported that when they are able to reach the site , all they get is a message stating , " The word scientology means search for truth ... " .	16	Present
( I 've been through at least 5 places already . )	2	Present
I enjoy going there although i 've only been there once , i will be returning toda to recieve a pair of french tips and i will only go to the best and to me the best is here .	6	Present
I am prepared to pay you .	2	Past
I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed .	14	Present
The short answer is that we do n't know .	3	Present
Good , good for there , he mumbled , and then with a certain eagerness asked me whether I would let him measure my head .	7	Past
" This reality was noted by playwright Oscar Wilde , who said :	3	Past
Roly was a bachelor and his house was the particular mixture of tranquil luxury and unchangeable dreariness that is a condition of households where white men live indulged in the sole charge of black male servants .	26	Present
How has it gone so far ?	3	Past
Of the public process , he said , " In the end I 'll have one vote in each referendum just like every other New Zealander on the electoral roll " .	6	Past
He waited five minutes and dialed again .	5	Past
It seems to be a perfectly normal check .	1	Present
Since Member States and the industry agree that the star rating system has proved not to deliver the expected result , Directive 92 / 42 / EEC should be amended to open the way for more effective schemes .	12	Present
The apostrophe has a special purpose in an XML document and can be misinterpreted if used directly in the text .	15	Past
I will be carefully researching vets before I take my dog someplace else .	4	Present
He was quite a nice young man in Dar-es-Salaam .	1	Past
I have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket line at the Payne Creek site today .	6	Present
The word was invented by Jonathan Swift and used in his book ' Gulliver 's Travels ' .	8	Past
It shall promote understanding , tolerance and friendship among all nations , racial or religious groups , and shall further the activities of the United Nations for the maintenance of peace .	1	Present
China and Japan , and the world at large , have more dollar reserves than they require .	10	Present
This indexing also includes the notion of an accelerator .	1	Present
In a statement issued June 16 , 2004 , the 9/11 Commission Staff concluded that " Al Qaeda had an ambitious biological weapons program and was making advances in its ability to produce anthrax prior to September 11 .	26	Present
the difference is that when a bomb goes off in a West End restaurant the fundamental right of England to exist is not in dispute .	21	Present
A great way to be mischievous in an elevator is to carry on a running commentary while you look at yourself in the mirror .	9	Present
That temper is only one problem .	2	Present
<< In " Love 's Labour 's Lost " we find a character Don Adriana de Armatho , full of affection and bombast .	6	Present
But he suffers the severe effects of the aftermath , and we are all suffering along with him now , since he is the most powerful man in the world .	14	Present
Anyway , that 's another story , said Wentz .	7	Past
Working with a timer is generally regarded by most experts as being one of the best ways to develop self-discipline and stop procrastination .	4	Present
And her last name , Nguyen is a typical Vietnamese family name ... anyone ?	6	Present
1 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security issued between 20 January 2001 and 10 September 2001 that mentioned al - Qa'ida .	21	Past
Orla got it in one .	1	Past
This is not to say that everyone else is living pleasantly and well under a decent regime .	8	Present
Neither one of us had ever been - so we thought we 'd try it .	4	Past
My only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task .	3	Present
In 1892 , after seeing the success of a classmate , Kaho Tanabe , who wrote a novel , Higuchi decided to become a novelist to support her family .	15	Past
Just Autos Thank you !	2	Present
Besides holding our hearts together through long periods of separation , it had the effect of making us tolerant of each other 's yarns – and even convictions .	16	Present
The world was outside of him , around him , before him , and the speed with which it kept changing made it impossible for him to dwell on any one thing for very long .	2	Past
Sure , some will return , but I have a feeling that once many begin to get jobs and temporary housing , they may be shy about returning .	8	Present
Abby Freeman is our good friend who has non-Hodgkin lymphoma , and she needs your help !	7	Present
A nigger was being beaten near by .	3	Present
He paid no attention to my explanations , and , playing with a stick of sealing-wax , repeated several times that the situation was ' very grave , very grave . '	1	Past
Just one small commment - it 's not possible , as far as I know , for Google to " Aquire " Firefox .	6	Present
Remember : throughout the book Don Quixote is preoccupied by the question of posterity .	7	Present
All three are extremist Taliban or their allies and known to be living in Pakistan .	12	Present
Therefore , Madam President , I would ask you to request that the Commission express its opinion on this issue and that we then proceed to the vote .	6	Past
If this man was as good a detective as the Stillmans thought he was , perhaps he would be able to help with the case .	11	Past
Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources i ve been looking at ?	29	Past
It can be purchased at the Airport in Cuba on arrival , however it should be noted that many airlines will require a valid tourist visa card before boarding flights .	3	Past
This is not the first time deadly stampedes have taken place during the Hajj , with the deadliest stampede during the 1991 Hajj , in which 1,426 pilgrims were trampled .	9	Past
You do realise it is quite expensive to visit Ireland ?	1	Present
But I have n't written poems for a long time now .	4	Past
I have a siamese lynx name Star we called her that because she has a star pattern on her face .	5	Past
Gilderoy Lockhart came slowly into view , seated at a table surrounded by large pictures of his own face , all winking and flashing dazzlingly white teeth at the crowd .	23	Present
When you create the first custom group for a field , a custom group field is automatically added as the field 's parent .	2	Present
I like to imagine the thought processes going on in W 's head if he were to actually read the letter , but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter .	15	Past
Pompey took command of two legions in Capua and began to raise levies illegally , an act that , as was predictable , took advantage of the Caesarians who were in his favor .	9	Past
César was personally informed of Pompey 's actions by Curio , who at that time had finished his term in office .	16	Past
Some strategies being used by NASA & Company in relation to China and other space planning countries are mentioned here after being gleaned from a news item underneath .	3	Past
All the outside participants will be prompted to enter their access code , which is 600-480 .	6	Past
This was the coup de grâce and encouragement the settlers needed to get their independence .	10	Past
Which I then realized I missed .	3	Past
My hair looks amazing , and I get compliments all the time .	2	Present
He sat down in his living room and looked at the walls .	1	Past
I visited their huge Chicago lighting showroom and all I have to say is WOW !!	1	Past
Everyone is extremely pleased that you 're joining .	1	Present
How is that possible ?	1	Present
Spain had expelled its Sephardic population in 1492 ; many of these Spanish Jews left Spain for Portugal but eventually were targeted there as well .	20	Past
Since 1973 , Le Monde has openly taken the side of the Arabs in their struggle with Israel .	5	Present
She said quietly , We certainly did n't think we 'd be the proprietors of the Silver Rhino .	10	Past
Please let me know a date and time that is convenient for you .	9	Present
I want to present to you a suite of six mycological solutions , using fungi , and these solutions are based on mycelium .	19	Present
Heavily armed police have been trying to impose a form of martial law to stem outbreaks of looting .	4	Past
I was ready to buy a new jacket , a new sweater and a couple of your overpriced belts and I walked out because of your obvious lurking	21	Past
The web site is	3	Present
He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law .	1	Past
-- The International Space Station is funded at $ 1.6 billion .	5	Present
He took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of his shoes ??	1	Past
Such a suspicion made one pause – for out there there were no external checks .	3	Past
To my friend , thank you for your recommendation ... you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a " Saintly Instructor ... Absolutely Simple the Best Instructor and Best Driving school there is !	4	Present
Jack welch is the CEO of GE , not GM .	2	Present
John Donovan from Argghhh! has put out a excellent slide show on what was actually found and fought for in Fallujah .	13	Past
i do nt know what it is , but since a very young age i have had a strange but very gratifying urge to torture or maime animals .	15	Present
When he had come to the end , he said , Do you think I 'm crazy ?	9	Past
Iron is an essential element the body requires to produce hemoglobin , the protein found in red blood cells that 's responsible for transporting oxygen to tissues in the body .	1	Present
Blue Planet : Who 's afraid of Big Bad Wolf ?	4	Present
This tax is not well publicized but it is essential to remember it .	2	Present
It is not known exactly when Shakespeare began writing , but contemporary allusions and records of performances show that several of his plays were on the London stage by 1592 .	1	Present
He had been staring absent-mindedly into the hedge – and the hedge was staring back .	1	Past
Please know that I have yet to meet a convict who wants their child to be a thief , an addict , a dealer , a prostitute , or a violent individual .	11	Present
If I had time to drive to Tacoma before they closed during the work week , I would just so I could get those boots fixed properly again .	25	Past
Chinese New Year and other feasts observed by Thai Chinese vary with respect to both , as these are calculated according to the Chinese calendar .	18	Present
I think we should try to migrate to one of these .	1	Present
Please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to Internet email for messages of this kind .	8	Present
Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources i ve been looking at ?	30	Present
The Ukrainian crisis may prove helpful , though that appears less likely now – which may be a good thing to the extent that one unintended consequence could be a loan to Ukraine that is larger than it really needs .	3	Present
You wo n’t work , you wo n’t party , you ’ll be defriended by every one of your tribes .	13	Past
The problem is that the civilized world is still having illusions about the rule of law in a totally lawless environment .	2	Present
Pay extra attention to the appetizers - the next time I go there I 'm planning on ordered a few instead of an entree .	15	Present
I am a preferred provider with most insurance companies .	1	Present
Food is awful and the place caters to the yuppy crowd .	1	Present
Their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive .	11	Present
Then , as you work through your day , check off each of the items on your list .	4	Present
Indeed , Sistani 's agents all over the country have been quite active in educating Iraqi Shia on the merits of elections , which has led to the assassination of at least two of them .	10	Past
The wedding had to be postponed as family members fled the outbreak of the war , she said .	5	Past
It was quite a poignant fact that I was away on that particular Friday .	1	Past
I shall not go into details on the High Representative , as his or her function has already been extensively debated .	18	Past
If you do n't like it , why do you go on reading ?	8	Present
The only 10.0 " Perfect Score " AVVO Rated Attorney I Have Ever Met .	8	Past
However , all that is to no purpose .	4	Present
Some two hundred Hasidim are flying to Israel to attend the circumcision of the firstborn son of their spiritual leader , the Belzer Rabbi .	5	Present
Where do we vote ?	1	Present
It can take as long as 4 to 4 years before you get flowers .	12	Present
In this period , when resources flowed to this " innovative " sector , GDP growth was markedly lower than it was before .	21	Past
31 - Number of Bush administration appointees who are alumni of the energy industry ( includes four cabinet secretaries , the six most powerful White House officials , and more than 20 other high - level appointees ) .	8	Present
The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced " Vilt-two " — the discoverer was German , I believe ) .	7	Past
' What ! Dead ? ' I asked , startled .	9	Past
Gameplay was delayed during the " third map " ( third round ) of the finals , when one Immortals player was caught with their headset off .	1	Past
they passed the shadows of the mango trees in the bright moonlight lying beneath the trees like sleeping beasts ;	1	Past
Why do I put aside Israel and its own immediate neighborhood ?	1	Present
What else was there to live by ?	2	Past
These changes , while significant , were concentrated in the elite , and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages .	6	Past
really , i have no idea what you 're talking about .	8	Present
5 - Number of major US airports at the beginning of 2004 that the Transportation Security Administration admitted were Not fully screening baggage electronically .	21	Present
In September 1944 , a fleet of Japanese ships hiding in the harbor were sunk in a daring raid by the US navy .	13	Past
Saddam Hussein did not invade Kuwait , endanger Saudi Arabia and butcher his own people because of Israel .	2	Past
Oh , how do you know ? said Wentz .	3	Present
The referenced TAGG # was entered as a ' New Counterparty ' , can you please let me know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the counterparty exposure .	4	Past
If you have a pet store near buy some wheat , pigeon corn or even mixed bird seed will do , but do not feed bread .	2	Present
If it is hard to see how Baathist Iraq posed any real threat to Israel , it is not so difficult to see a menace in the current instability .	17	Present
In all this so - called controversy , has anyone considered that perhaps George Bush just wanted to fly jets ?	5	Past
You need to check out the French Indochina War ( 1946 - 1954 ) not the Vietnam War ( 1957 - 1975 ) .	1	Present
Once Cyclone Phailin comes on shore it will immediately begin to lose strength .	3	Present
Please know that I have yet to meet a convict who wants their child to be a thief , an addict , a dealer , a prostitute , or a violent individual .	4	Present
Do you recognize the name of Einstein ? "	0	Present
After this I got embraced , told to wear flannel , be sure to write often , and so on – and I left .	6	Past
I am going to count it as signed , since BC Gas has signed , but we still need it to be signed by ECC .	12	Present
Pewter is perfect for what you are doing , and it melts on a stove top .	6	Present
I was on vacation from October 4th to October 19th and I did n't submit my timesheet yet .	1	Past
that was a strange way to flirt .. but i guss it was his way ...	12	Past
The feeling of being swept along and of uncertainty as regards the future prevents you from seeing things in any perspective whatsoever .	3	Present
" We are moving in the right direction : the Paris Agreement will slow climate change , as will the recent Kigali Amendment to reduce HFCs , " said Erik Solheim , head of UN Environment .	2	Present
The first referendum is to be held from November 20 to December 11 , selecting a single new flag design out of about four finalists .	3	Present
Our government has negotiated a standby loan agreement with the International Monetary Fund that will give us some of the tools that we need to get our financial and economic house in order .	23	Present
I would ask that they reconsider , since this is not the case .	1	Past
The US has strongly opposed a nuclear weapons program of Iran , yet Israel , which to this day has never officially said that they posses nuclear weapons , ranks around fifth in nuclear strength .	4	Past
And then , exactly a year ago , Hogwarts had written to Harry , and the whole story had come out .	19	Present
Also , he loves teaching so much , his price is unbeatable , but that does not change his level of skill .	3	Present
He was one of the first opponents of the Vietnam War , and is a self-described Libertarian Socialist .	13	Present
THIS IS NOT A SCAM !!!	1	Present
Harry looked up , hardly daring to believe it .	1	Past
On January 8 , 1880 , Norton collapsed at the corner of California and Dupont ( now Grant ) streets and died before he could be given medical treatment .	7	Past
Much of the violence aimed at American forces is coming from disgruntled Sunni factions that have their own militias , believe the last elections were a sham , and hold little political power in the government .	29	Present
I have been here a few times for oil changes and just got my tires , alignment and state inspection done yesterday .	1	Present
For example , I am concerned when I buy the monthly bus passes and I have to fill in my SS number .	15	Present
The girl sat and saw nothing , like an animal out of breath , holed up against danger .	2	Past
By that time , however , he had accumulated enough points in each year to cover six years of service .	8	Past
This is a gnome , he said grimly .	1	Present
The following illustration shows the Employees table in PivotTable view .	3	Present
A further nine percent can be eliminated over the next eight years , at a reasonable cost .	6	Past
I have a couple of questions so I can wrap up the LOI :	1	Present
That technological effort would be penalised and competitiveness on the international field jeopardised .	5	Past
It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms , a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war .	13	Past
He gave no service to anyone , risked nothing , and did not even slack off efficiently .	7	Past
Then came a crackling in the wires , the sound of further dialing , more voices .	3	Present
It was a very trying time for my family and myself yet Mike took the time to greet each and every one one of us .	1	Past
If so , this happy band has not been heard from since .	6	Present
Another bad step was the recent arrest of Sheikh Hassan Al - Lihabi , of the Lihaib tribe which is scattered between the governorates of Al - Anbar , Mosul and Salah Al - Din .	19	Present
Localist group Civic Passion 's Wong Yeung-tat was defeated in this district , and resigned his leadership in Civic Passion .	8	Past
When I first get on I take 1 leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with my heel and hold it there for 1 lap at a walk around a large dressage arena .	3	Present
He 's always like " ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours , I wish I had mine ! " and he is n't even joking .	19	Past
It would tell us why the call went to you , but not why they wanted to speak to me in the first place .	15	Past
As time went on , I came out with books and CDs , and I became used to that kind of thing .	2	Past
I told the bus driver where to drop her off .	1	Past
I 've had 2 cuts now from Georgia and have paid more in other salons / barbershops and have not received this kind of treatment or cut !	2	Past
Subsequently , the programme took off and the budget allocation was completely committed in 2003 and 2004 .	12	Past
From a moral standpoint , you guys are really gon na take 2,000 bucks from someone that needs that truck to work and support his family when you know it s just a piece of scrap metal ?	9	Present
I certainly had the impression whatever tension there was had eased up , last time I saw Mweta in London .	10	Past
Attached are the draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement , together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex .	0	Past
When Bray was delivered to the house there was no one at home but servants well primed to welcome him .	16	Past
He originated nothing , he could keep the routine going – that 's all . But he was great .	9	Present
It is a hub for American Airlines and Southwest Airlines .	1	Present
I think I gained three pounds in my week long cruise .	3	Past
My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth , so I will be heading that way on Monday .	13	Present
The company has developed a unique and innovative delivery mechanism for nutritional products .	2	Present
That agreement will also impose real economic pain , but Ukrainians are willing to pay the price in order to preserve our independence .	11	Present
Then he turned to look at Ron , who was watching him almost nervously , as though waiting for his opinion .	17	Present
" They 're just pushing them aside , " he said .	10	Past
And this , said Auster , turning to the woman , is my wife , Siri .	6	Present
Most people have n't gone to work the last few days , although it seems that the rest of Baghdad is ' normal ' ( if you can define what normal is ) .	2	Present
The attack was launched on Wednesday by a user labelled " Anonymous " , on the website " Insurgency Wiki " , a spinoff of 4chan .	9	Past
I have therefore voted against the report .	1	Present
Also notice the entity &amp;apos; which will be transformed to an apostrophe when the data is imported by the receiving application .	16	Past
If all this is really happening , he said , then I must keep my eyes open .	3	Present
He had wanted to take in the details of what he was seeing , but the task was somehow beyond him at that moment .	11	Past
Many other people Bray had seen at the ball streamed in in their finery :	5	Past
The actual author is Johann Valentin Andreae , whose name did n’t appear on the book originally , thus ensuring the confusion .	3	Present
Do n't even get me started on how expensive it is to drink there .	0	Present
He gave no service to anyone , risked nothing , and did not even slack off efficiently .	1	Past
It aims at the heart of the matter , as Agenda 2000 negotiations have reached a critical stage .	14	Past
I 'll choose the one that sounds the best after looking into all the fish :)	6	Present
Incidentally , there are twenty columns , and these are reflected in the pool in front , which might also account for its name .	9	Present
" But you have n't talked about her to me . "	3	Present
Climate change affects distribution of weeds , pests , and diseases .	2	Present
Please let me know if you need anything else .	6	Present
Agel is a new company and is uniquely positioned to be the next giant in the network marketing industry .	1	Present
The euro was the most audacious of those symbols – a construct of dubious economic value , with well - documented fragilities .	2	Past
It could , but Marx 's mistake was not a new one .	1	Past
I asked why so high and they said it was due to the labor of moving things out of the way .	7	Past
Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 6 is one of the most successful software products ever as measured by its durability and the massive numbers of people who have used it .	5	Present
As of the 2001 census , the population of York was 181,000 .	10	Past
Saudi officials had already provided safeguards by installing an oval wall with padded edges to protect pilgrams from a crush , installed security cameras and placed over 60,000 security personnel in the area .	2	Past
The flat-rate approach produces more risk of overcompensation , which is why we have set the margin at 2.6 -% .	13	Present
We have been working with the State Affairs legislative committee and keeping them apprised .	13	Past
But the evidence is clear , and it demands action .	3	Present
It 's really difficult to find a place that is absolutely dark and accessible to you when you 're outside .	18	Present
One of the finest Israeli writers , A B Yehoshua , speaks about this in an excellent book of interviews , Unease in zion , edited by Ehud ben Ezer .	11	Present
They need to see the political dimension working , to see that officials accept their responsibilities and that there is communication with the citizens .	19	Present
I liked it so much there I ended up doing a PhD and I 've been working on social insects ever since .	1	Past
I used to be , said Quinn .	1	Past
We had fewer social benefits at that time for people so many immigrants were not counted .	15	Past
The Bergeron classification is the most widely accepted form of air mass classification .	7	Past
Dr. Fortier threw a large rock at the bear , distracting it and allowing Parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25 - year - old Patricia Doyon , who was in the same tent .	2	Past
We will have to study several indicators , which will enable us to see the current state of regional societies that are in a worse situation than others , and how they are evolving .	9	Present
In 1836 Balzac took the helm of the Chronique De Paris , a weekly magazine of society and politics .	3	Past
I 'm Paul Auster , said the man .	5	Past
What are you doing to the least of the people ?	1	Present
If you are planning on being somewhere at a certain time , one might suggest leaving a good 10 to 15 minutes to escape local traffic before hitting any major roadways .	3	Present
If you 're playing quidditch you 're probably just having fun so play nicely .	3	Present
The vaunted American military has suffered 2,210 deaths and tens of thousands of wounded from this form of warfare .	5	Past
I listen carefully , closely , more closely than I 've ever listened in my life , utterly attentive , but I often feel that I have dropped into a shoreless sea .	27	Past
Chalabi has been increasingly marginalized within Iraq , however , despite his ties of clientelage with Washington and Tehran .	2	Past
The submarine incident was put down to a " technical error " by the Chinese government , which apologised to Japan .	4	Past
I am a proud owner of a brand new 2010 Hyundai Genesis .	1	Present
Findings of Lapita pottery suggest that early-Polynesians were on these islands close to 3000 years ago .	7	Past
One horse even got his lifetime mark after being treated for EPM .	9	Past
The bird was gone ; he knew , almost as if the breath 's weight of claws had pressed down the roof and now the pressure was released .	2	Past
She is so talented , the flowers were arranged superbly and delicately , it is so obvious to see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to others .	1	Present
When I get my hair done there , they use enough hairstyling products while it does not ruin your hair .	15	Present
" There is still a ' yuk ' factor to the whole idea of buying and wearing other people 's body parts , " she says .	25	Present
We look forward to your response .	1	Present
Per my voice mail , here is the letter .	6	Present
Various doctors , both foreign and American , are associated with Al Qaeda leaders or operatives , to include the doctors Abdul Qadoos Khan , a bacteriologist from Rawalpindi and Aafia Siddiqui , PhD , from Karachi .	8	Present
My breyers need stables or barns though ..... and I need directions and materials on how to make them .	2	Present
Good Lord , I 've no idea , I 'm sure he has n't either .	9	Present
There was a change of ownership a couple of years ago and service is both quick and extremely friendly .	13	Present
I fancy I see it now , but I am not sure – not at all .	3	Present
This unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling - out with his Iraqi partner , who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of Kuwait , a wholly - owned U.S. - British subsidiary .	5	Past
“ More people are turning to credit … While this borrowing might be manageable now , a sudden change in circumstances could lead to debt problems . ”	4	Present
The measures you described could be improved and there are others which you did not mention .	6	Past
Many of the plays had already appeared in quarto versions — flimsy books made from sheets of paper folded twice to make four leaves .	13	Past
Friends who do n't even write to Harry Potter ? said Dobby slyly .	2	Present
Second , sex was dichotomously coded based on the self-reported sex of the respondent at Wave 4 ( 0 = female and 1 = male ) .	6	Past
Are you coming into Gringotts , Harry ?	0	Present
I have been going there since I was a little girl and love the friendly and relaxing atmosphere .	12	Present
The other stylists around me kept pressuring me saying he 's so wonderful , you 're going to love your hair .	15	Present
Quinn asked the boy what it was .	6	Past
I loved the car so we began negotiating my trade - in and the price of the 09 XF .	6	Past
He walked a hundred yards or so up the road , and , meeting a man on a bicycle , greeted him in the language that had come back to him as he lay in the room .	1	Past
" The impacts of global warming are affecting people now in the Arctic , " said ACIA chair Robert Corell .	15	Past
And I gave it all my heart , all my energy , based upon principles that did not change once I got into the Oval Office .	12	Past
The salatim salads are the smallest plates I 've ever seen placed in front of me ( you would most likely think they were condiments if it were n't explained to you ) .	11	Past
His excursions through the city had taught him to understand the connectedness of inner and outer .	5	Past
If you 've successfully used any of these supplement to aid weight loss , please write me at gottlie...@yahoo.com and let me know , telling me about your experience .	2	Present
The Congolese band had no idea what music would do , and produced a stomping crescendo ; then one of the Poles played the piano , and Neil Bayley moved in on the drums .	29	Past
Even if you do not have a cat , you can use used kitty litter to deter mice .	3	Present
The cliff was not in the way or anything ; but this objectless blasting was all the work going on .	2	Past
We continue to depend on this same virtuous cycle : More readers , means more editors , which creates better instructions , leading again to more readers .	13	Present
any answers help !!!!!!	2	Present
You need a background in law enforcement .	1	Present
They went all the way back into town to the flats where the Edwards girl lived ...	1	Past
They track poop everywhere ( most disgustingly my bed .... ) , and am constantly trying to climb up everything , including my bare legs !	1	Present
But the news of the Arakan rebels is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to growing concern in New Delhi over the security of the Andaman Islands .	7	Present
As they approached it , they saw to their surprise a large crowd jostling outside the doors , trying to get in .	18	Present
The wires have been humming since before the New Year with reports that the Bush administration is planning an attack on Iran .	2	Present
Ok maybe that is n't the right question , but my question is can you text from a united states number when you r in canada , can you send texts to another united states number ?	3	Present
Monks are an integral part of Buddhism in Thailand , and Thai men are generally expected to spend a certain amount of time living as a monk at least once in their lifetime .	13	Present
I have seen several of the providers from the office and have not once been shown anything but care and consideration .	1	Present
For audit and evaluation costs , pre - accession funds may be committed up to five years after accession .	12	Past
When she scraped her knees bloody on the stones , she refused to cry .	2	Past
I honestly have no idea what to expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of the embassies costs by the minute - which I really do n't have the money for .	23	Present
I bought a beginner s quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts .	1	Past
Funny how some things are squirelled away by well - meaning prosecutors ...	4	Present
A great philosopher once said , muttered Quinn , that the way up and the way down are one and the same .	17	Present
It was decided that a collaborative online review process would be used to " discover " the microscopically small samples the capsule collected .	2	Past
Each filter you apply is added to the ones you already have in effect .	3	Present
Let me know if you have any questions .	5	Present
They live in a world of their own , and there had never been anything like it , and never can be .	1	Present
We have received the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas , which adds the Canadian Securities Representation , so we do n't have to add the rep into every confirm .	1	Present
Martin has yet to finish two of the remaining books in his acclaimed series , currently billed as " The Winds of Winter " and " A Dream of Spring . "	16	Past
If you 're dead set on starting your own glowstick business ( worse ideas exist ) , try websites like Alfa Aesar [ 1 ] or Sigma Aldrich [ 2 ] for supplies .	2	Present
The Creek Trail connects Rivertrail and continues east through Broken Arrow to the NSU-Broken Arrow campus .	6	Present
I love her and want to help her but I do n't know when I 'll be able to take her to to vet :( please help .	1	Present
Limerick 's a great student city , there 's loads on , you 'll be spoilt for choice .	1	Present
He 'd recently moved up here .	1	Past
As you may recall , they say they want a deposition on the parties ' intention .	8	Present
the Pole who had danced the gazatska became the man with whom he gravitated to a quiet corner so that they could talk about the curious grammar-structure of Gala and the Lambala group of languages .	4	Past
But , when I suggest that she get Frank to model for her , she laughs .	4	Present
Someone observes that the Church is a worshiper of success and always follows the majorities .	5	Present
Carnival has been called the WalMart of cruise lines ...	2	Past
" They filed an emergency motion , and we were not about to let California go dark , '' Hoecker said .	2	Past
" He 's hanging out with the celebrities , and has kind of become the same sort of celebrity he was interested in documenting earlier in his career " , Wilkins said .	31	Past
The Pakistani press reported that she was nabbed in Karachi after being spotted at the airport in late March or early April 2003 .	3	Past
I recently took a rescue puppy to this Clinic and I was SHOCKED at how well Romeo and My family was treated .	2	Past
Police in the Indian capital Delhi say they have arrested the suspected co-ordinator and financier of last month 's deadly bomb blasts in the city .	6	Present
( 3 ) The family is the natural and fundamental group unit of society and is entitled to protection by society and the State .	16	Past
" The impact of global warming on fish stocks and fisheries is hard to judge , " the IPN report said .	11	Present
I discovered that a lot of imported drainage-pipes for the settlement had been tumbled in there .	11	Past
From there his mind drifted off to the accounts he had read of Melville 's last years – the taciturn old man working in the New York customs house , with no readers , forgotten by everyone .	34	Past
Unless the tank has a built in overflow box ( which I 'm certain it does n't ) then you have to get one of those hang on back overflow boxes so that you can install a sump .	5	Past
Sulphur is a key plant nutrient vital to healthy growth , but UK soils are naturally deficient in this essential mineral .	14	Present
But without a legislative framework , and with the grassroots origins of pot as a mood - altering folk remedy , companies are left guessing .	23	Past
I believe national reconciliation to be the only path forward to a new Iraq .	1	Present
Updating another blue file because Susan B. , this time , has not updated it to reference mergers & name changes !	13	Past
i do nt know what it is , but since a very young age i have had a strange but very gratifying urge to torture or maime animals .	1	Present
The days start to shorten & it gets even wetter , windier & colder .	2	Present
are the moors and penines in Yorkshire a lonely eerie place ?	0	Present
I also deleted " subject to recall " based on our discussion , assuming you get approval for that revision .	15	Present
When the elevator is going from the bottom floor to the top , as soon as the doors close , exclaim that you lost your tarantula / snake / scorpion but confirm that it is somewhere in the elevator .	3	Present
These people can be a great source of potential pain , and this article is here to help you sort the arrogant from the not-so-arrogant .	14	Present
If an egg turns blue , it had died and then became dyed as the outer membrane broke down .	17	Past
He gained further reputation at court once he was dispatched as an envoy to the Khitan Liao Dynasty in the summer of 1075 .	9	Past
and I was going to take charge of a two-penny-halfpenny river-steamboat with a penny whistle attached !	15	Past
A Harley - Davidson spokeswoman said timelines that have been floated in the media -- 2017 or 2020 -- are n't accurate .	8	Present
If you have children or are just a real animal lover yourself you 'll love this zoo .	2	Present
Suggest what you like , they just talk it away into the cigarette smoke , nobody even listens .	7	Present
And now they are finishing a road between Fujairah and Dubai in 45 minutes only !	3	Present
Compare compare compare - that 's the key to getting the best deal .	5	Present
Already , he thought he might be in love .	3	Past
If you take a flash light and shine it through the eggs and you see nothing throw them away !	2	Present
Now that Afghanistan , Iraq and Libya are out , two and a half terrorist states remain : Iran , Syria and Lebanon , the latter being a Syrian colony .	7	Present
You are your own person ... and you demand freedom of thought ... to follow your own convictions .	8	Present
Then , Ron , you come bounding downstairs going , Mum , look who turned up in the night ! and she 'll be all pleased to see Harry and no one need ever know we flew the car .	8	Present
It was Joseph Goebbels who said that if you repeat a lie often enough , people will believe it .	9	Present
The team was n't so far ahead that we knew .	2	Past
Between us there was , as I have already said somewhere , the bond of the sea .	7	Present
I should have asked then but i did n't the only line i remember is de lunde bar .. or something like that .. does anybody know which song i am talking about ?	31	Present
Second , he could not fully grasp that rising real material living standards for the working class might well go hand in hand with a rising rate of exploitation – that is , a smaller income share for labor .	25	Present
I could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and sell an animal as meat the way I prefer to eat it .	12	Present
Daniel Montalvo in September 2010 , after having left the elite group within Scientology called the Sea Org .	14	Past
The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral , this tradition started after the civil war .	7	Present
They are kind of in rank order but as I stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it .	18	Present
We need to be more ' rigorous ' about how we perceive these people .	11	Present
If you 're a fan of herpes , being ripped off , and child molesters , this is the garage for you .	9	Past
Unfortunately for them , the general has decided to take seriously Colin Powell 's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the Indians made conciliatory gestures toward Islamabad .	7	Past
The real threat to the Andaman Islands is the steady building - up of ports and conduits that serve the Tamil Tigers and a host of less - strong militant groups .	18	Present
A police spokesman told the Associated Press there was " an exchange of words " followed by an " altercation " but that no injuries had been reported .	25	Past
I am sorry to own I began to worry them .	1	Present
The vet said it was gastroenteritis and gave him fluids under his skin , an injection of nausea medication along with some take home antibiotics .	7	Past
In fact , upon hearing the evidence , a former Pakistani prime minister confessed that he would have been more proactive in this area had he known while he was in office what he knows now .	29	Past
This is not a rip - off , it is decent ; it 's legal ; and it is virtually no risk - it really works !!	13	Present
Obviously I 'm still completely stupid though .	2	Present
He knew Alexanian was right . "	3	Past
The Fed 's huge monthly purchases of long-term assets – so-called quantitative easing – have benefited the world as a whole by propping up demand and economic activity in the US .	15	Past
Łódź ( Pronounced : Wootch ) is Poland 's third biggest city , and the capital of the Łódzkie Voivodship .	2	Past
Quinn spoke in the politest tone he could muster . Were you expecting someone else ?	10	Past
Ms. Walters approached one of the women and said , " This is marvelous .	12	Present
Contrary to the Commission proposals , we must preserve the current procedure known as the Article 43 procedure .	12	Past
I think if you can not afford to get him treated that you should not consider him as a prospect .	10	Past
He was n't unpleasant about it , but he just changed the subject and would n't talk about it .	1	Past
National reaction to the events in Kansas demonstrated how deeply divided the country had become .	13	Past
I was n't going to use them again , but I was going to leave it at that .	1	Past
My first three children were born in Southern Ontario cities .	4	Past
The conference call has been rescheduled for Friday , Sept. 17 at 9 am ( Houston ) which is 11 am ( Sao Paulo ) .	4	Past
I hope they get there act together ...	3	Present
i think it could have been done in a much more cost efficient way , right here on bad - old - planet - earth .	5	Past
Worse , the occupation has done great damage to the strength of the American military , justifying the decrease in confidence .	4	Present
The rooms are SO clean , the managers / owners are the nicest people , the place feels so homey , and the location and grounds are beautiful .	17	Present
If their condemnation seems to be reasonable , they probably are n't hubristic .	10	Present
John Key is too busy looking after his rich mates , while the rest of us pay .	2	Present
There he is , she said .	5	Past
I rang SRD PAT testing and within 3 hours Scot had come to my premises and PAT tested all my our Spill The Whisky barn dance band equipment , and supplied a certificate for only 70 p per unit .	30	Past
There are currently 5 locations :	1	Present
Thane is in Austin on Friday , but is available by phone .	8	Present
They put the story into proper literary form – in Spanish – and then turned the manuscript over to Samson Carrasco , the bachelor from Salamanca , who proceeded to translate it into Arabic .	14	Past
And there is another topic which is very important in mathematics which is called representation theory .	2	Present
You could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point , it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive .	16	Past
In her opening remarks for attendees , Waters pointed out those features to attendees , noting the touches of the Warhol Factory , or the studio where he worked , that were present around them .	28	Past
I was extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it , but the sales guy I dealt with ruined the deal .	12	Past
After I discovered a rich seam of internet discussion on the subject , my list had grown inordinately long and covered almost every state in the union .	15	Past
The sun set ; the dusk fell on the stream , and lights began to appear along the shore .	13	Past
Do nt go to the one by pepco , I got confused !!!	10	Past
True or false : being a young New Zealander means having no future ?	9	Present
He had been out nearly three years ; and , later on , I could not help asking him how he managed to sport such linen .	2	Past
" We applaud China 's space achievements , " NASA spokesman Allard Beutel said Tuesday .	2	Present
Could I have a sample , not necessarily one that 's filled out , but just one that you --	10	Present
Loads of places have geographical hazards , if you are constantly paranoid , you 'll never get anywhere without a sense of adventure .	9	Present
Your answer is very sweet , but I 'm not compassionate towards teenage high school students .	2	Present
Touching deep into the idea is what builds intuition - it is a synthetic process .	11	Present
Stacey here is the Master draft we discussed .	2	Present
It called a " ploy " the assertaion that the attack was merely on foreign fighters at Fallujah .	11	Past
The measures shall be maintained no longer than strictly necessary and , in any case , shall be lifted when the relevant commitment is implemented .	23	Present
Perhaps you are willing to recommend this site and , if you have a website , place a link on your website .	2	Present
For your joke to be funny , it has to surprise the audience in some way , which means it has to seem original or new .	8	Present
Rotorua is fine .	1	Present
One poster admitted to being a part of the effort , writing in a blog post " I have myself , as per instructions , loaded up Gigaloader and started bombarding the Scientology homepage .	29	Past
Or they were n't eyewitnesses and are just lying .	6	Present
You are n't a poet , are you ?	1	Present
He must have been looking too hard , for a moment later she turned to him with an irritated expression on her face and said , You got a problem , mister ?	13	Past
She had her cards memorized as well as everyone else s ( when you play you 'll see why you can know everyone else s hands ! ) .	4	Past
It is a political process and I have decided not to be present , so it was said .	16	Past
I got dressed , but my page was quicker than I was and ran out of the chamber to see what was what .	7	Past
How is Wednesday at 2:30 ?	1	Present
Prior to Emperor Meiji , the names of the eras were changed more frequently , and the posthumous names of the Emperors were chosen in a different manner .	23	Past
And on April 3 his chief aide in Najaf was suddenly arrested along with 13 other members of his organization , and the Coalition forces are put into violent conflict with his organization , which leaves 7 US soldiers dead .	35	Present
I did n't understand what she 'd said except that they were visiting .	6	Past
In his last phase , he wrote tragicomedies , also known as romances , and collaborated with other playwrights .	15	Past
My wife and I avoided doing some fairly simple electrical re-wiring in our home for several years due to overall hassle and cost involved .	23	Past
Small and medium-sized businesses , above all , need to take part in the distribution of these funds .	8	Present
More people die from AIDS in one day in Africa than all the Russians who died in the hands of Chechnya - based Moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started .	29	Past
If anyone wants the complete article , email me , as it is a very good article which no meat - eater can read and not sense their own hypocrisy .	12	Present
How many of us can be employed in personal services , and how can such jobs be highly paid ( in absolute terms ) ?	18	Past
I did n't feel guilty about the garage sale , that 's why I was annoyed - being notified at 10:00 at night GRRRRRRR .	1	Past
Using Alvarez 's dipole antenna to achieve a very high angular resolution , GCA allows ground - based radar operators watching special precision displays to guide a landing airplane to the runway by transmitting verbal commands to the pilot .	17	Past
Moving back to Calgary in about a month which is a little sooner than I thought I would be going back but when opportunity knocks you got ta go .	19	Present
they save me from having to deal with Tmobile ...	1	Past
for three years he trained and worked at the office of Victor Passez , a family friend .	4	Past
July 12 , 2:30 it is .	5	Present
Let me know if you have any questions .	5	Present
And , she granted , “ you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different — we can do better — and where she has expressed regret . ”	14	Past
Soaring public debts surely exacerbate the problem , because future generations are being asked both to service our debt and to pay for our retirements .	13	Past
You need to also provide a source a UVB lighting .	1	Present
I think it ’s important we have an original take on those things .	6	Present
My life is too complicated right now trying to do my job .	2	Present
This is a two day process and all because I let my CA license expire .	1	Present
Margot would only let her come if I promised to keep her wholesomely occupied .	13	Past
All offices also have free copies of Yucatan Today , a helpful weekly Spanish-English publication listing all events in the city and the surrounding region .	3	Present
Major general Fuad Basya , spokesman for the Indonesian military , said fisherman first noticed the people and a warship was deployed to retrieve them .	21	Past
I 'm nothing more than a devoted fan of the game myself and I hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan discussions .	1	Present
I 'll keep discussion of me to a minimum and just say that things are well on 32 .	14	Present
Timothy Odara 's eyes were closed ; leaning against the wall he kept his lips drawn back slightly , alert .	12	Past
Because a number of the declarations and signature pages are not yet available electronically , they have not been included with this note .?	9	Present
This has to be some of the worst pizza I have ever had the misfortune of ordering .	1	Present
Why do n't we meet in Diagon Alley ?	1	Present
I am saying when comparing all other hotels in Wildwood , this hotel has everything that we are looking for .	17	Present
Under his administration , the female vote was approved , political parties were legalised , all of the exiled were allowed to return and the remaining political prisoners were freed .	29	Past
This query mode has more of the ANSI syntax , and the wildcard characters conform to the SQL specification .	3	Present
Catriona is well and has landed herself a pretty cool job in PR .	4	Present
Try to ensure there is an al dente bite to the germ , in the same way as pasta .	4	Present
his clinic is very very dirty he is a real disaster to go totally not organized for every step he take .	2	Present
clearly he s mad that people know he took her pic off the net and it 's NOT his gf	16	Present
we are collecting a premium up front and their total cost is known up front .	11	Present
I 'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems .	3	Present
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	24	Past
He felt that the new July Monarchy ( which claimed widespread popular support ) was disorganized and unprincipled , in need of a mediator to keep the political peace between the King and insurgent forces .	1	Past
The poetry depends on extended , sometimes elaborate metaphors and conceits , and the language is often rhetorical — written for actors to declaim rather than speak .	26	Present
I also know that you do n't get paid that much more in Australia than you do here .	2	Present
What is the most interesting place to see in South Korea ?	1	Present
You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment , but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you .	1	Past
I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee 's position in connection with the enforcement / nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking .	11	Present
Madam President , there are only two ways to improve air quality .	4	Present
Examining this , I could tell that it had been taken from those ancient monuments I ’d seen and put here for some special reason .	10	Past
When I met her in 2012 , she had just harvested her first crop of maize grown from a seed specifically adapted for Tanzania 's climate .	10	Past
It hurt very little , felt more like pressure than pain .	5	Past
how did you know .	1	Past
But you cannot repeat mistakes because the world is not built on repetition ; it ’s built on mutation .	10	Past
different generations , the donatello is of a boy david as a young sheep Herder , the Michelangelo is the grown up man david as slayer and king	20	Past
Iodine released from these chemicals into milk has been the major source of dietary iodine in Australia for at least four decades , but is now declining .	7	Present
North America and South America are treated as separate continents in the seven - continent model .	5	Present
He had just the faintest blush , and said modestly , I 've been teaching one of the native women about the station .	12	Present
Finding someone even more vulnerable and foolish than we were , after everything had been taken from us — that was a delight .	20	Past
The poetry depends on extended , sometimes elaborate metaphors and conceits , and the language is often rhetorical — written for actors to declaim rather than speak .	2	Present
It is all about this very subject ... bars and food .	1	Present
Same as yours , I believe .	5	Present
you have brought someone else into his territory , and he needs to be reminded that you still love him , and support his claim to his space .	2	Past
Something else clicked and I tried to see what it was but could n’t see anything .	5	Past
The regulation that was annulled was based on Article 100c of the Maastricht Treaty .	5	Past
After the Compromise , Emperor and King Franz Joseph I. took great care to treat both of his monarchies equally .	10	Past
For the next hour Quinn alternated between dialing and waiting , always with the same result .	7	Present
In Access 2000 , you can only programmatically change the ANSI SQL query mode and any queries created under ANSI-92 mode were hidden in the Database window .	17	Past
He was very prolific but very business minded about that . "	1	Past
Now I 've found someone who can manage to do what I really want .	3	Past
Once one had been received , the next ten , mailed on two separate dates , were easily collected .	2	Past
when it came to the joinery she knew we could fix that later .	7	Past
I seem to have arrived , he said to himself .	7	Past
If you have any questions , please contact us at noc@paulhastings.com .	2	Present
Crosstab queries calculate a sum , average , count , or other type of total for data that is grouped by two types of information – one down the left side of the datasheet and another across the top .	18	Present
We whittle that down on a Monday to about a hundred , come in Tuesday and pick an issue and brainstorm with the whole editorial staff ; all fifteen of us .	16	Present
By the 7th century BC , social unrest had become widespread , and the Areopagus appointed Draco to draft a strict new law code ( hence " draconian " ) .	15	Past
Bumrungrad Hospital does some good work but all hospitals do have their problems from time to time .	9	Present
They bake bread fresh daily , they do n't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it , and the meat is always fresh .	13	Present
My oldest female and youngest male do this - I just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like chicken liver ( cooked ) for the anemic one , some arthritis stuff for the oldest .	26	Past
Roly was a bachelor and his house was the particular mixture of tranquil luxury and unchangeable dreariness that is a condition of households where white men live indulged in the sole charge of black male servants .	27	Past
Not what i expected !	3	Past
Well , I am not going to .	3	Present
There are special regions uniquely and imposingly designed for the children .	1	Present
Margot 's had to be in the kitchen herself from six in the morning , and some nights it 's been until ten .	2	Past
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .	21	Past
It allows you to precisely select the data that will be displayed , to specify the order or arrangement of the data , and to modify or add information .	1	Present
Literacy had been lost and Mycenaean script forgotten , but the Greeks adopted the Phoenician alphabet , modifying it to create the Greek alphabet .	2	Past
" " Balzac 's characters " , Robb notes , " were as real to him as if he were observing them in the outside world .	19	Past
Four more give the minimum and maximum declinations of the full moon : in summer , and in winter .	2	Present
Some scholars claim that members of Shakespeare 's family were Catholics , at a time when Catholic practice was against the law .	9	Past
Some attributions , such as Titus Andronicus and the early history plays , remain controversial , while The Two Noble Kinsmen and the lost Cardenio have well - attested contemporary documentation .	28	Past
We REALLY enjoyed our balcony -- coffee in the mornings , drinks at night , standing outside when docking and leaving port -- however , it is quite a bit more expensive .	2	Past
Great for the kiddies - they love the labyrinth ( do n't forget to tell 'em it s really a ' pagen ' thing ! ) .	17	Present
Two vaunted economists - one a Nobel Prize winner and the other a nationally renowned budget expert - have analyzed the data at hand and put a price tag on the Iraq occupation .	18	Present
How can i get my kitten to stop biting when he plays ?	11	Present
If you prefer larger cupcakes , then add a half a cup but make sure the muffin pan is larger and the cupcake holders are bigger .	2	Present
That is why I want to highlight some of the issues that I believe the Commission must have at the forefront .	13	Present
The fact that my name has been mixed up in this .	7	Past
I worked with some great musicians and performed around the world .	1	Past
Roly rang up to see if he had arrived , and explained again – he had done so in advance by letter – that he had an official lunch to attend .	15	Past
All the guys at work are saying I should n't bother having it fixed I should just buy a new one .	13	Past
Hens raise in battery cages stay " hypnotized " longer , possibly because of greater fear .	5	Present
He realized that it was large , perhaps five or six rooms , and that it was richly furnished , with numerous art objects , silver ashtrays , and elaborately framed paintings on the walls .	1	Past
If you concentrate on that feel just before the trot you can figure it out and the timing is essential to push her at that instant .	18	Present
I would remind you that the negotiations with Spain and Portugal lasted seven years .	11	Past
The polar bear is more dangerous than most other bears .	3	Present
Fresh basil not only tastes better than dried , it actually tastes different , almost as if it were not the same herb .	11	Present
They both had pools for kids and adults .	2	Past
It ’s very much like you are trying to make the room laugh , but the room has been a sort of captive audience for many many years now , so it takes a lot to make the room laugh .	17	Present
is it a gud option for casual / formal functions photography ?????	0	Present
We are receiving invoices from Ace Federal Reporters for transcripts of the recent FERC settlement conferences .	1	Present
The guaranteed rates will be adjustable only for significant changes in the cost of capital or increased costs due to governmental requirements or catastrophic events . *	16	Past
I think the first step is a call between yourself , me , Mark Stubley and Mike Indivero .	5	Present
We need to include all outstanding transactions .	1	Present
The measures shall be maintained no longer than strictly necessary and , in any case , shall be lifted when the shortcomings are remedied .	16	Present
And he is a teacher . "	2	Present
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch .	7	Present
But I 've got to go back – term starts on September the first .	3	Past
So here we are in Manson .	3	Present
The Tell Amarna letters , dating from the 14th century BCE , include ten letters from the kings of Gezer swearing loyalty to the Egyptian pharaoh .	12	Present
Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day .	2	Present
Gout in the spine , neck , hands and waist will be lost .	12	Past
Mr. ARCHIBALD : He told us whenever he was stopped , as soon as the law enforcement found out that he was the grandson of Prescott Bush , they would let him go .	17	Past
The essay , published as Undersea , was a vivid narrative of a journey along the ocean floor .	7	Past
Hope you day is going well and that the move to 30 went off without a hitch .	3	Present
French novelist Émile Zola declared Balzac the father of the naturalist novel .	4	Past
America can adopt a new growth strategy – moving away from excess consumption toward a model based on saving and investing in people , infrastructure , and capacity .	1	Present
The first night I dreamed of seeing a stray dog and not stopping to pick it up although it was wandering in an empty parking lot near a busy road .	4	Past
The rest of the candidates elected in this constituency were young and relatively new activists from the localist camp , Lau Siu-lai and Youngspiration 's Yau Wai-ching .	9	Past
Either these people do n't know anything about what they are renting , or worse - they are bait and switching .	11	Present
We whittle that down on a Monday to about a hundred , come in Tuesday and pick an issue and brainstorm with the whole editorial staff ; all fifteen of us .	20	Present
He 's always like " ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours , I wish I had mine ! " and he is n't even joking .	28	Present
For example , Balzac 's friend Hyacinthe De Latouche had knowledge of hanging wallpaper .	9	Past
I have seen horses Loose Nails On there Own And do just fine with ONE nail gone Now if he had left out 2 or 3 I would be wondering to ...	4	Present
Joseph Manogue at Tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the draft ISDA doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original .	13	Past
A large central market and numerous small shops are found all around the main plaza .	9	Past
I am not certain about the needs for the London Underwriting / IV group but will request the information from them if you have not done so already .	1	Present
Firstly , it proposes the adoption of a regulation improving the transparency and authenticity of quality marks .	3	Present
Not once does he claim to be present at what happens .	10	Present
Two years later when I got around to filling for his birth certificate , I find out he was never registered .	18	Past
Filtering by selection is particularly useful for fields in the detail area , when you want to view all of the rows that contain a particular value .	23	Present
" He argues ( in a speech revealingly entitled " The Contribution of the Financial Sector : Miracle or Mirage ? " ) that the financial sector 's reported contribution to GDP has been significantly overrated .	35	Past
At the initial meeting it became apparent that most participants were there to learn more about digital humanities and were not ( yet ) in the situation where they were able to offer expertise on the subject .	10	Past
WE AT HOME LOVE IT AT $ 80 +++	3	Present
Jackie Taylor - she is located at Court House Concessionaire and under her name in the directory .	5	Past
This time he claimed to have fought the battle without even bothering to put on his corslet until two hours after the fighting began .	6	Past
As far as Quinn could tell , the objects Stillman collected were valueless .	11	Past
" I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , " Baird said .	17	Present
Google is probably making this move to counter Microsoft Search using Encarta ( it's online dictionary ) .	3	Present
You wonder if he was manipulating the market with his bombing targets .	5	Present
People do not go to Ireland on holiday for the weather , it is unpredictable .	13	Present
I tried two years ago to initiate a pilot scheme to send local people away for training in broadcasting techniques –	1	Past
He returned with two bottles , placed them on a wooden crate that served as the coffee table , and sat down on the sofa across from Quinn .	13	Past
Visualisations can be as useful tools , but meditation is more than that .	9	Present
We need you ; whatever you like !	1	Present
Everyone will therefore understand why I am rejecting them .	7	Present
I do not find the term " Alternate Transporter Imbalance " in our agreement ..	1	Present
Investors are asking what Edison intends for QFs and generators -- asking about haircuts in particular -- and Edison is side - stepping the questions .	5	Present
But poverty and ignorance can thwart even the best intentions .	4	Present
He died in Madrid on August 25 , 2011 aged 96 .	9	Past
When you have a looming project that 's bogging you down and making you unproductive in other areas , tackle it first .	7	Present
Shuttle veteran and longtime NASA executive Fred Gregory is temporarily at the helm of the 18,000 - person agency .	8	Present
but his wife was talking to Jo-Ann Pettigrew , who offered blobs of toasted marshmallow on the end of a long fork .	3	Past
I was ashamed to be in friendship with girls ... until I undrstood that it 's not seakness as well as women wearing men 's pants is n't seak :)	26	Present
I expect to send them out to you sometime tomorrow .	1	Present
( 18 ) For the assessment of voluntary agreements or other self-regulation measures presented as alternatives to implementing measures , information on at least the following issues should be available :	27	Past
While I left a you a phone message with some information about our project , I thought I could give you some additional details by e-mail as well ...	2	Past
That 's a tragedy for those populations , but it 's also a tragedy for the people eating them because they don't know that that 's toxic meat .	17	Present
The problem is whether one cares what happens to the polar bears , checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables .	5	Present
Skip te rest - this is the best	5	Present
This date , which can be traced back to an 18 th - century scholar 's mistake , has proved appealing to biographers , since Shakespeare died 23 April 1616 .	18	Present
The metal rail of the steps wheeled against the plane was icy-wet to his palm and in the streaming rain he did not smell the Aegean or thyme , as he had remembered from other journeys to Africa .	31	Past
Inside the airport under the yellow light the passengers sat down again on exhausted-looking chairs , bundled deep in their heavy clothing .	9	Past
Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "	2	Past
It may also require establishing community childcare centers , so that women farmers have the option to spend more time farming .	13	Present
‘’ Pakistan now has a large force deployed in Baluchistan which was not there before , ’’ says Lt. General David Barno .	7	Past
I flew around like mad to get ready , and before forty-eight hours I was crossing the Channel to show myself to my employers , and sign the contract .	14	Past
Wires sometimes get crossed . A person tries to call a number , and even though he dials correctly , he gets someone else .	3	Past
The boy gasped , but then the yoyo stopped , dangling at the end of the line .	8	Past
If I had to take over the English-language services tomorrow , you know what I 'd have to do it with a bunch of Lambala and speakers from the vernacular sections and some refugee school-teachers from South Africa .	12	Present
From what I understand they 're pretty much the same thing .	3	Present
Then hand luggage is opened .	3	Present
When the bars were safely in the back seat with Ron , Fred reversed as close as possible to Harry 's window .	13	Past
You have fallen in a cultural misunderstanding .	1	Present
Dr. Fortier , an orthodontist , learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of Baffin Island in July 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall .	8	Past
This magma tends to be very viscous due to its high silica content , so it often does not reach the surface but cools at depth .	17	Present
So I just needed to know if it is a suitable place to live in and in what ways .	3	Past
and it seems this is the FIRST site of ragnarok 2 hahaha since the site is new send me your suggestions and comments	2	Present
12 . Remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in Section 6.1 .	10	Past
It 's possible that people at the turn of the century were saying " land of the kike " and that Faulkner did n't borrow it from Cummings .	22	Past
The authentic text is ' under certain conditions ' .	3	Present
But what their contented little minds will never know is that I knew it when I took the job , I knew it all along , and I 'll say it now as loud as I 'd say it then ...	12	Past
They also have the best tea I ever had , not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores , I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .	24	Present
I thought it would pass until he started to vomit blood and would nt drink any water .	1	Past
Do n't feed them broccoli , cauliflower , garlic , onions , head lettuce .... they are all too difficult for them to digest .	16	Present
Since he arrived eighteen months ago there 's been damn all for him to do except go fishing up at Rinsala .	2	Past
I 've never met a hamster that did n't bite me .	3	Past
This date , which can be traced back to an 18 th - century scholar 's mistake , has proved appealing to biographers , since Shakespeare died 23 April 1616 .	6	Past
The grand speeches in Titus Andronicus , in the view of some critics , often hold up the action , for example ;	15	Present
The incident is a reminiscent of two other incidents .	2	Present
He dismissed a white shirt as too formal , however , and instead chose a gray and red check affair to go with the gray tie .	13	Past
The computer disk was confiscated from him during his arrest by the CIA in Azerbaijan and handed over to the Egyptian authorities .	16	Past
In so doing , it is supported by a committee of experts on the transport of dangerous goods under the regulatory procedure .	5	Present
Ashdown Horse Transport were fantastic !	3	Past
I wanted to be very blonde and instead he pulled my root color throughout my whole hair which is a gross mousey brown .	18	Present
If I were , said I , I would n't be talking like this with you .	4	Past
Yeah you got ta burn it .. that s the only way	8	Present
The food is amazing , and the prices can not be beat .	11	Past
Jackie Taylor - she is located at Court House Concessionaire and under her name in the directory .	4	Present
S&S has again asked about the gtee and l/c wording .	1	Present
As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable , it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .	3	Present
I expected to pay for this service , but imagine my surprise when I received a bill for MORE than what I paid to have the original return prepared .	28	Past
He 's still rideable currently and not having many issues under saddle .	1	Present
Wilkins also said Warhol was both an artist and a businessperson .	4	Past
she told me that after friday and saturday she felt i was slowly regressing .	13	Present
She recommended products but absolutely did n't pressure me to buy .	5	Past
He knew Alexanian was right . "	1	Past
Unless you plan on being late for the bridal shower you might want to post this again in the L.A. section .	2	Present
At last , Auster gave a little shrug , which seemed to acknowledge that they had come to an impasse .	16	Past
Horse is out of state and not local .	1	Present
They have a land area larger than either the US or all of Europe .	1	Present
You do find the ' get the number hop in bed with her ' but be aware that they usually have a reputation as sluts .	20	Present
It 's called Kiwi Heaven and it 's across the river from Cho Ben Tre .	1	Present
depends where u are going .	0	Present
All the buildings were exploding into tiny little pieces . "	3	Past
Wentz put down his glass beside his chair , to do the justice of full attention to what he was going to say .	19	Past
I love it for discounted beauty items and household appliances .	1	Present
I 'm staying away from the stock .	2	Present
it s like a pizza roll , but they just toss ham and cheese inside .	1	Present
Both Dawa and SCIRI have umbilical connections to the fundamentalist Shi'ite leadership in Iran that go back decades .	4	Present
Students at LUISS University were told during the course of a meeting which took place in Rome .	5	Past
Room was amazing .	1	Past
The Chair has already stated that the proposal was made in accordance with the Rules , so there are no grounds for changing anything .	8	Past
He has also had to pay the £ 15 each up front so woul d be grateful if you could get the cash to him as soon as poss ible .	3	Past
Paul was going out with Heather , but in front of the audience he played the faithful husband 's masquerade pretending to suffer for Linda , for the afore mentioned promotional ends .	14	Past
The food is cooked fast by the two chefs on duty .	3	Past
I also was wondering how long should this light be on .	2	Past
I just have a few issues supporting my back and my left leg flops .	2	Present
Please note that neither the e-mail address nor name of the sender have been verified .	13	Past
Again , the number was busy .	4	Past
I think that in this kind of structure there is a very gradual clarification of the relationship and the forth going on .	9	Present
They have fresh flowers , lasted a long while in the vase , and the two ladies at the shop know the business well .	20	Present
" There 's no tracking mechanism in place " ?!?!?	2	Present
Unlike major cities in the Northeast , the city bus is not a major form of transportation in the city .	10	Present
The hearing is focused on the pilot and we have an opportunity to provide some probing questions for Wolens to direct to Sam and Tom .	3	Past
Native Americans across the Americas relied on it as a staple of their medical treatments .	5	Past
Saying that I need to give him my address or else I have intimacy issues is not helpful .	3	Present
I 'm still trying to find out what it will take to move gas on and ENA tabs agreement .	1	Present
Despite his conservative background , in later years Nida became increasingly ecumenical and New Evangelical ( clarification needed ) in his approach .	17	Past
After all , I also was a part of the great cause of these high and just proceedings .	5	Past
It is accompanied by the further reflection ( partly proud , mostly bitter ) that we Jews seem to have a genius for finding the heart of the crisis .	1	Present
Then he rounded on Harry .	2	Past
Fresh basil not only tastes better than dried , it actually tastes different , almost as if it were not the same herb .	18	Past
And in a way she did know : because it was for them a code so deeply accepted that it had never been discussed ...	5	Past
I would remind you that Mr Cornelissen 's report has been added to the agenda for Tuesday .	11	Past
The internet here is terrible .	3	Present
Now feel yourself returning to where you sit ... move your hands and feet a little , stretch them .	7	Present
" I have to congratulate Andy -- to get to No. 1 in the world that 's an incredible achievement , " the American said .	2	Present
Code in a form or report that can not run from a data access page is imported into the page as a comment block at the end of the document .	16	Past
We whittle that down on a Monday to about a hundred , come in Tuesday and pick an issue and brainstorm with the whole editorial staff ; all fifteen of us .	12	Present
if that happens , separate them , and give them time apart .	2	Present
You will be asked to register , and then you should wander over to the Announce Your Arrival Section and present yourself .	3	Past
Too little is being done in this area . More needs to be done , but we must avoid creating more bureaucracy .	3	Present
Too little is being done in this area . More needs to be done , but we must avoid creating more bureaucracy .	13	Past
Harry enjoyed the breakneck journey down to the Weasleys vault , but felt dreadful , far worse than he had in Knockturn Alley , when it was opened .	26	Past
Those who 've never heard of this will be amazed to see a chicken lie perfectly still after these instructions are followed .	2	Present
One of his last means of placing pressure on Hungary was the threat of imposing general and free elections .	10	Past
because i have read that there are times it s not available .	9	Present
Nothing more was said until all four plates were clean , which took a surprisingly short time .	3	Past
Messages will not be delivered simultaneously to all users in the same domain , nor will they be delivered for two to five hours after they are sent by the message administrator .	27	Past
So far , every prediction in the modern era that mankind 's lot will worsen , from Thomas Malthus to Karl Marx , has turned out to be spectacularly wrong .	23	Present
Musharraf has been trying to purge his officer corps of the substantial number of al - Qaeda sympathizers .	3	Present
This Treaty shall enter into force on 1 January 2007 provided that all the instruments of ratification have been deposited before that date .	18	Past
Ford T was proclaimed as the most influential car of the 20th century in the international Car of the Century awards .	3	Past
Considering Socotra is a fairly new eco-tourism destination , their facilities are decent .	2	Present
On the fifteenth day I came in sight of the big river again , and hobbled into the Central Station .	5	Past
Well there ’s no defense against Soviet aggression , so whether you believe that doctrine or not that ’s gone .	18	Present
Why has no air quality test been done on this particular building since we were elected ?	1	Present
He claimed that the new naturalism of Ibsen 's plays had made Shakespeare obsolete .	11	Past
Once in a fever I heard thousands of birds outside my window and I was terrified that they would fling themselves through the glass and attack me , but it was only the rain on the eaves .	14	Past
Finally , it must be said that Stuart is a fantastic person to work with , because of his solid strategies and equally as importantly because he is a genuinely good person and a great communicator .	8	Present
The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting developers .	10	Past
Whitmore stated to LA Weekly that the alleged crime involved five hard drives each of $ 200 in value .	9	Past
He found himself sitting on a sofa , alone in the living room .	3	Present
Decide volunteering is not your thing and give them back !	2	Present
are there any sadists out there who share the same tastes as i do ?	13	Present
And perhaps he was cheered by keeping his eye on a chance of promotion to the fleet at Ravenna by-and-by , if he had good friends in Rome and survived the awful climate .	29	Past
You 're right , Sue .	1	Present
Sounds like we may actually get these documents executed early next week .	8	Past
I have inserted the company details of Uecomm as requested .	9	Past
When I finally found someone at the desk who could speak English , they moved our room , but we still did not receive the single queen we had " reserved "	3	Past
The nurses are sweet as pie and the doctor is wonderful .	2	Present
The marches on the 12th of July are only really attended by protestants in the Ulster but in spite of the are the largest attended paraded in Ireland .	21	Present
So you are going out there .	2	Present
Comments are much appreciated .	3	Past
By Greendale School , the anthrax perp was being cute , just as Yazid Sufaat was being cute in naming his lab Green Laboratory Medicine .	7	Past
When the Soviet Union collapsed there had been an agreement , a recent agreement , between Gorbachev and the U.S government and the first Bush administration .	4	Past
But since in my country it lasts for minimum 6 years , and I want to go aground the world , what do you think , should I do it before or after medical school ?	6	Present
I was booked for 2 nights at this hotel in Oct 2007 .	2	Past
Also the language is important in writing and in literature .	3	Present
Ryan Watt says high .	2	Present
As I watched my mother and father 's health deteriorate and ultimately watched them die , it is a very defining time in our lives .	12	Past
And what do we get for this effort ?	2	Present
I 'm checking my emails .	2	Present
You could move all the babies into a fry net breeder or move all of the bigger fish ( also the parents ) to a different tank to avoid the babies getting eaten .	32	Past
I remember one of our ads that I had put in said , " If you think nice girls do n't do S&M , " -- I forgot what the rest of it said --	33	Past
Until now Pakistan has not facilitated such a return and clearly it can not happen until there is both a pull from Kabul and a push from Islamabad .	3	Present
These people are dangerous wether they 're head - banging to ' Canibal Corpse ' or humming along to ' Onward Christian Soldiers ' .	2	Present
There is n't much to see in the delta , it 's a lifestyle not a resort area .	1	Present
But I propose to you that the sequence of microbes that occur on rotting mushrooms are essential for the health of the forest .	2	Present
I was told that americans automatically get a six months visitor s visa .	2	Past
In case you are interested , I attach this paper on gas Storage value modeling .	7	Present
He really does turn your dreams into reality for your home !	2	Present
Relief agencies are trying to help hundreds of thousands of displaced people while authorities have vowed to restore security in New Orleans following a breakdown of law and order .	15	Past
Madam President , if the vote records correctly how my Group voted I shall not , and cannot , object to that .	6	Present
Ever since the industrial revolution brought a massive influx of workforce , Łódź had been a city almost equally divided between four cultures - Polish , Jewish , German and Russian .	5	Past
The referee should ensure that rules are being followed .	8	Past
And I present to you a concept that these are extended neurological membranes .	2	Present
Therefore , Madam President , I would ask you to request that the Commission express its opinion on this issue and that we then proceed to the vote .	14	Present
Just pray that you have not ever given this criminal enough information for your identity to be stolen - your full name , birthdate , home address , etc or that you were not conned into sending money .	17	Past
I do know that most of the time this plant was not buring like it did in July and August of this year .	1	Present
If sites next to you do n't have what you want , contact your nearest comp.sources.unix archive , or the moderator .	5	Present
I 've read the materials you sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately .	6	Past
In fact , upon hearing the evidence , a former Pakistani prime minister confessed that he would have been more proactive in this area had he known while he was in office what he knows now .	18	Past
A voucher is generated that can be saved on your smartphone , or presented at the till .	7	Past
Furthermore , it has transpired that research in the ports in Belgium , Finland , but also in Japan has shown that 50 % of containers with partially dangerous cargo are not delivered correctly for shipment .	30	Present
You are correct , I will make the appropriate changes and give you another review before sending execution papers .	1	Present
When she goes to the zoo the elephants throw her peanuts .	8	Present
In 1593 and 1594 , when the theatres were closed because of plague , Shakespeare published two narrative poems on erotic themes , Venus and Adonis and The Rape of Lucrece .	15	Past
A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and the Middle East .	20	Past
This is all in accordance with the principles that we have always upheld .	10	Present
The attack was launched on Wednesday by a user labelled " Anonymous " , on the website " Insurgency Wiki " , a spinoff of 4chan .	3	Past
Above all , we need a total absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three circles of evil .	4	Present
Anyone who 's stayed on is a fool if he has n't thought about that , said Bray .	12	Past
You do n't need flying broomsticks or magic balls to play this version of the game - it 's tailor-made for muggles like us .	18	Present
The Internet effort was said to be the main driver of capital expenditures for the unit .	3	Past
A large number of them are Bangladeshis , who like millions of their countrymen have left their densely populated homeland to settle elsewhere .	5	Present
These changes are occurring across all species , Parmesan told UPI 's Climate .	3	Present
( 2 ) This right may not be invoked in the case of prosecutions genuinely arising from non - political crimes or from acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations .	7	Present
I see we expect to have separate contracts for each project .	1	Present
He said the top three cartoons will be announced on September 2 , with the winners being awarded prizes of 12,000 , 8,000 and 5,000 dollars respectively .	1	Past
This is a busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant , which also must be wonderful - so just ask for what you need , and I 'm sure they will do their best to be hospitable .	26	Present
I have a 10 gallon nano reef with 10 lbs of live fiji rock , and 10 lbs of live carribean sand .	1	Present
Handcrafted Furry Animals Wholesale , Call for a Catalog NOW !	0	Past
" All you have to do is look at the photographs , " Ed Bangs , wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , told UPI 's Blue Planet ,	3	Present
She is so talented , the flowers were arranged superbly and delicately , it is so obvious to see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to others .	14	Present
For Kerber , the season finale nevertheless marks the end of an unbelievable year .	7	Present
Clinton had worked out a deal with Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in summer of 1999 that would have allowed the US to send a Special Ops team in after Bin Laden in Qandahar , based from Pakistan .	19	Past
I asked her who she worked with and she just told me ti was the sales manager .	13	Past
There are deals in the Aruba book so I 'm not sure why you are n't picking those up .	16	Present
" It is amazing , " reported SaskTel unlimited data customer Lindsay Gay last month .	6	Past
You think so , I think so ... right .	1	Present
The total number of scientific publications of 300 million Arabs is less than that of 6 million Israelis .	10	Present
While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong .	10	Present
Images of the boy wearing a NASA T-shirt and handcuffed by the police were quickly posted and reposted online .	17	Past
nevertheless , he was treated deferentially in San Francisco , and currency issued in his name was honored in the establishments he frequented .	17	Past
Carroll put on his pants , admiring the crease .	1	Past
Harry waited for a minute in case he came back , then , quietly as he could , slipped out of the cabinet , past the glass cases , and out of the shop door .	18	Past
The US , for its part , relied on cheap goods made in China to stretch hard-pressed consumers ' purchasing power .	7	Past
Abnormal feathering , constant preening , or delays in egg-laying are all signs of a stressed chicken .	10	Present
Bananas and plantains , which were first domesticated in Southeast Asia , most likely Papua New Guinea , were re-domesticated in Africa possibly as early as 5,000 years ago .	7	Past
At sixteen John escaped from the Warsaw ghetto , leaving behind his parents and his sister .	9	Present
" In the first place he was too busy " , explains Saintsbury , " in the second he would not have been at home there ....	6	Past
A CSS merely allows you to specify the formatting of each XML element without much control over the output .	3	Present
By the time you get to be a writer for The Onion , though , the odds are you are going to succeed because we make it pretty challenging .	19	Present
The doctor has an injection gun and while my mother is focused on my daughter , she puts it firmly against my mother ’s arm and puts the chip in .	10	Present
I talked with Gary Wilson , and he confirmed that the revised values are correct .	8	Past
In the Beatles ' song " Get Back " they advise black Joe to " get back to where you once belonged " , as if England was not a place for black people .	21	Past
Just wanted to know were we stand on the ETA and PA for Argentina ?	1	Past
See attached revised Article 4.6 Masters below .	2	Past
If part of the public supports it , others tolerate it , many are afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood , organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism .	5	Present
But a scan has shown the tumour in Ms Pugh 's right lung is growing , and she has had to leave the trial .	3	Present
The Structural Funds have played a key role in the development both of urban and rural parts of peripheral countries , mainly through the upgrading of roads , water treatment and related transport networks .	3	Present
Dobby might have saved Harry from horrible happenings at Hogwarts , but the way things were going , he 'd probably starve to death anyway .	2	Present
2 - Percentage of the world 's oil used by Britain .	8	Past
Measures should be the same throughout the EU to ensure no Member State gets an unfair advantage .	13	Present
She has professional hair , lightly streaked .	1	Present
From the left column menu , click Security .	6	Present
So , no it is not as good as Dubai , but it s quieter and more peaceful , and you can still go to Dubai in 45 mins .	13	Present
attendance by commercial banking sector , specialist lawyers or chambers of commerce was not sufficient .	12	Past
Now , after the Swift boat episode , the spotlight has returned to Bush .	10	Present
The area attracts many humpback whales between June and November and there are lots of companies organising tours to see them .	12	Present
I know saltwater is a possibility , can you give me a possible stocking option for that too ?	3	Present
Seekers try to tackle the snitch ( a person ) or obtain an object attached to the snitch such as a sock or flag .	1	Present
For the time , the report grew too large when it was being debated .	6	Past
So now I do not bother with them at all .	3	Present
I read of a case not long ago when some people were trying to get a polygamous judge taken off the bench for not obeying state law .	11	Past
This is one of the best farms I have ever been too .	8	Present
( it 's all outdoors and the pictures are only a fourth of the real Everland ! )	8	Present
it usually takes 20 mins for a mezza luna , as they have to add pure delicious extract to the mix .	2	Present
I knew I had found the real deal , big pies , sold by the slice , with the pizzas sitting under the glass in the front .	4	Past
Honoré 's sisters Laure and Laurence were born in 1800 and 1802 , and his brother Henry - François in 1807 .	6	Past
Crosstab queries calculate a sum , average , count , or other type of total for data that is grouped by two types of information – one down the left side of the datasheet and another across the top .	2	Present
There 's a return trip planned hopefully for 2015 , with both biologists and ANDRILL geologists .	5	Past
Finally , we ask that the Commission ensures that Structural Fund monies are spent in a way which is transparent .	18	Present
Of course , that was the bottom	4	Past
The US energy secretary has announced that oil will be released from government petroleum reserves .	4	Present
Above is the link to the Department of State travel website , which will give you all the info that you need , including passport information .	21	Present
But if finance continues to take a disproportionate number of the best and the brightest , there could be little British manufacturing left by 2050 , and even fewer hi-tech firms than today .	3	Present
The continued Israeli colonization of the occupied Palestinian territories during the 1990s helped , along with terrorist attacks by radical groups such as Hamas , to derail the peace process , which Sharon had always opposed .	33	Past
If the load was 99 tonnes there were probably less than 20,000 .	3	Past
He is delighted to be here , and he is suffering the one activates the other .	9	Present
how has ur experience with it ?	1	Present
I just could n't remember if it was you or Terry .	7	Past
Great care is shown to both guests and the environment .	3	Past
I have written a lot recently about healing the self so today here are a few words on healing our collective body , mind and soul .	1	Present
The Guaranty is dated August 1 , 2000 .	2	Present
Last year , after all was said and done , I asked Rod whether my payment structure would leave me with no / little tax liability at the end of the year .	8	Past
While Dudley lolled around watching and eating ice-creams , Harry cleaned the windows , washed the car , mowed the lawn , trimmed the flowerbeds , pruned and watered the roses and repainted the garden bench .	14	Past
The person went to go check with the manager , who was sitting at a table chatting with her friends who were eating there .	21	Past
In Texas , BP shut its 460,000 barrels per day refinery and Marathon shut its 72,000 bpd plant .	13	Past
If you keep the cans away from the house , they are less likely to take up residence in your home .	2	Present
A bit pricey , so I did n't go very often , but it was always a treat when I did .	6	Past
2 . Have we kept up with partial water changes ?	2	Present
I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $ 65 puts are in the money and the $ 75 call is also in the money .	15	Present
His daughter 's condition deteriorated , to the point that the baby spent all her energy battling the infections caused by the constant breaking of the skin , leading to severe malnutrition and , eventually , her death .	19	Past
They have messed up my order and .... The food was just not good !	10	Past
Sometimes I even think I 'm down South again , that 's a fact .	11	Present
Everything they claim is a lie , and this above all .	3	Present
can ever & never forget the training undergone here which made my life step onto the successful job without any hurdles .	7	Past
Please see the attached .	3	Past
Nota held the rank of captain in the Russian army and fought the Germans until 1945 .	11	Past
Israel wants to drive the Palestinians toward civil war . "	1	Present
I do n't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed , understand and have implemented these standards .	6	Present
Are you an alienist ? I interrupted .	0	Present
Kenneth Lay has approved the attached expense report for Cindy Olson .	3	Past
I am going up soon and having the tractor fixed .	1	Present
He also ordered that the receiver not get a ( I think chrome ) coating that helped keep the gun from jamming .	2	Past
What do you do ?	1	Present
While the ominous possibilities of heightened Iraqi chaos , missiles in the Gulf , and Syrian involvement loom large if the US attacks Iran , all pale in comparison to the involvement of China in any US / Iran engagement .	26	Present
He showed me the car I was interested in and we took a test drive .	6	Past
In his right hand , fixed between his thumb and first two fingers , he held an uncapped fountain pen , still poised in a writing position .	22	Past
What countries are the best to travel to ?	2	Present
After I discovered a rich seam of internet discussion on the subject , my list had grown inordinately long and covered almost every state in the union .	16	Past
He was the person , he and his wife Jan , introduced -- reintroduced me and Laura in his backyard in July of 1977 .	1	Past
Rathke also asked the governments of South East Asia not to turn away boats of people seeking asylum .	2	Past
Harry heard from Hogwarts one sunny morning about a week after he had arrived at The Burrow .	12	Past
How do you approach the difficult challenge of talking to the Palestinians when , in the end , they do n’t want Israel to exist .	3	Present
I had a severe phobia of attending the dentist until I met and was treated by Dr Nelson .	11	Past
After recently relocating to South Bend , we were looking for a delicious , fun , yet elegant establishment for New Year s Eve dinner .	8	Past
It 's no trouble making it for two .	4	Present
he failed in all of these efforts .	1	Past
Our time is likely to be limited to 5 - 10 minutes .	6	Past
How do people look at and experience art ?	3	Present
How else can excellent be described for a business of this sort ?	5	Past
But that was the work of memory , and remembered things , he knew , had a tendency to subvert the things remembered .	15	Past
To a certain extent , ensuring equal opportunities for men and women is like trying to attain the unattainable .	5	Present
It is now threatening to pull out of the Allawi caretaker government .	1	Present
They count the cans in the trash to make sure .	1	Present
She puts mayonnaise on aspirin . ( <- clearly the winner )	1	Present
China launches its second manned spaceflight mission	1	Present
On July 4-5 , again before the rescue , Le Monde had reported without comment wisecracks made by Amin in a speech at Port Louis .	16	Past
In order to examine potential bivariate associations , the adjusted F statistic ( design-based F ) was employed as it corrects for a complex sample design such as that used in the Add Health . [ 21 ]	17	Past
And a 1972 evaluation called Bush “ an exceptional fighter interceptor pilot and officer . ”	4	Past
Madam President , the importance of transport safety is highlighted on a regular basis in this Parliament and rightly so .	8	Present
It is also peak tourist season , which means there are far more people just about everywhere but the most remote corners of the island , and prices are at their highest .	1	Present
Instead , it was a young man , dressed entirely in white , with the white-blond hair of a child .	8	Past
My page jumped out of bed as if crazed , looking more dead than alive , and you can imagine how I felt when he cried , “ They 're already being presented to the king ! "	2	Past
If you took out the clown loach it would make a nice 150 gallon tank .	2	Past
Overall , Joe is a happy camper who has found a great spot .	9	Past
Iranian officials say they made no objections to Khan ’s ouster because they want to strengthen Karzai ’s campaign against warlords .	2	Present
My girlfriend and I ate at The Grill last night , and our experience was amazing .	4	Past
In this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to transact on EnronOnline almost a month after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now complaining .	28	Present
As you see it was CES acquired by ENA in asset purchase .	2	Present
Any major dischord and we all suffer .	6	Present
Just east of Broadway and continuing north and south is Oakland 's famous Chinatown , and that to get the real essence of " Chinatown , " Oakland rather than San Francisco is your best bet .	9	Present
On Friday , fishermen rescued over 700 asylum seekers whose boat sank , and the Indonesian Navy reportedly saved 200 more after they were found swimming along the coast of Aceh , Indonesia .	11	Past
Those things ended up being a windsheild washer fluid tank ( 1 screw ) and the air filter canister ( 4 spring clips ) .	2	Past
Yesterday it was my privilege and pleasure to be permitted two minutes ' speaking time in this House .	2	Past
However General Barno insists the US presence poses no threat to Iran .	3	Present
The room was supposed to be on the 2nd floor , but they put us on the 3rd .	13	Past
i have tried " braining " both live and dead pinkies , and bloodying them up to get his attention , but he does n't care .	1	Present
And I present to you a concept that these are extended neurological membranes .	10	Past
Also , while travelling ask people where they 've been and if they have any hotel recommendations .	8	Present
If we look at the situation where safety advisers are concerned , in a number of countries it is compulsory to employ such safety advisers in companies as from 1 January of this year .	18	Present
Spreading democracy over the world , the Americans first fought rigged elections in Syria , but the old corruption continued despite all their power and money could do .	0	Present
I have purchased over 15 vehicles ( cars , rvs , and boats ) in my lifetime and I have to say the experience with Michael and Barrett Motor Cars of San Antonio was one of the best .	2	Past
Nevertheless , most European countries still trade with Iran , try to appease it and refuse to read the clear signals .	6	Present
Paul McCartney said that George Harrison is a nothing .	2	Past
The salespeople are never available , the lines are always too long , and all the people want is a sale .	17	Present
i have not gotten a good response so i think shanna and i are going to stay in town .	1	Present
Disinformation at time of war is an accepted tactic .	7	Past
" In the cities where we 've launched or are under construction , our work will continue , " Barratt said .	9	Present
or were they actually fighting ?	4	Present
Called to check if they had a product I 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .	0	Past
When you move a field to the row area , the unique items of data within the field are displayed down the rows of the PivotTable view .	2	Present
4 ) If they are not going up by now you just got ta keep trying and keep trying .	12	Present
If an engagement with Iran envelops our forces in Iraq , and comes to involve Syria , our economy will likely shatter under the strain of fighting so many countries simultaneously .	5	Present
There was an official pennant on the Volkswagen .	1	Past
neuroscientists have examined the neurobiological underpinnings of discrimination [ 7 – 9 ] ;	2	Past
It is heartening that the European Union recognises the problems and is willing to focus on them .	2	Present
I agree with Steve 's position stated in his separate e'mail .	6	Past
Two decades of pickling his nervous system in various highly toxic substances have left Bush damaged goods .	15	Past
3 The Other group is the parent of the items you did not assign to any specific custom group .	4	Present
She was described by The Guardian of London as the ' Queen of the curve ' , who " liberated architectural geometry , giving it a whole new expressive identity . "	19	Past
If you are not the intended recipient , please contact the sender and delete all copies .	2	Present
The current system tends to reinforce gender roles , encouraging children to follow culturally framed paths , instead of nurturing their individual interests and potential .	14	Past
A country deserves the leaders it has , my friends ...	2	Present
Extensive drink list and daily specials but wish they had a bit more on their food menu , although popcorn is a nice touch !	7	Present
From the 18 th century , the desire for authentic Shakespeare portraits fuelled claims that various surviving pictures depicted Shakespeare .	18	Past
The association that represents real estate agents in Ontario says more needs to be done to protect consumers and punish agents found to have engaged in unethical behaviour .	9	Present
Find people to subscribe to .	0	Present
If you do n't finish the task in the allotted time , then you move on to the next one .	9	Past
The Mets bring the corners in for a force at home , or maybe they can get the double play if it 's hit up the middle .	23	Past
I see that we are scheduled to have lunch today .	5	Past
Before you sign up .	2	Present
Auster saw the yoyo in his hands and said , I see you 've already met .	1	Past
Within seven days , I started getting money in the mail !!	5	Past
I found out they did not even drive the car , stated they looked at it before .	11	Past
I v just had my bmw z3 rear window replaced by the guys at kelvin trimmers .	1	Present
The history of values is okay because wisdom is ageless ; it does n’t grow old , like material .	12	Present
Do you search every ambulance after a few suicide murderers use ambulances to reach their targets ?	10	Present
In his last phase , he wrote tragicomedies , also known as romances , and collaborated with other playwrights .	6	Past
Hope you and your family survived ok .	0	Present
The Air Force only selected 180 Officers a year from the Academy , Squadron Officer School and ROTC to attend .	4	Past
This makes it necessary to also take account of the ways in which materials and packaging are affected by cold of this kind .	16	Present
As most of them have few technical skills , and the Andamans have little demand for them in any case , they turn to smuggling and other unlawful activities .	4	Present
There is a minuscule chance that your impact will result in non-life-threatening injuries ;	1	Present
Let 's talk before I leave town next Wednesday .	5	Present
His last three plays were collaborations , probably with John Fletcher , who succeeded him as the house playwright for the King 's Men .	4	Past
This License may not be modified without the mutual written agreement of the Licensor and You .	2	Present
By late 1974 investors were dizzy , they were desperate , they were wrung - out , they had left Wall Street , many for good .	19	Past
Unfair for the girl as boys do n't have that kind of handicap , but that 's the way our own rules work .	6	Present
A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and the Middle East .	12	Past
The reason he said he did n't put that nail in was because he " did n't want to risk it " with my horse 's horrible feet .	3	Past
Stillman was gone now .	1	Past
I was searching for dog food info and found this post .	8	Past
In 833 AD , this became the state of Great Moravia with the conquest of the Principality of Nitra ( present - day Slovakia ) .	5	Past
As he walked up Riverside Drive , he became aware of the fact that he was no longer following Stillman .	18	Present
The relevant standards which have been laid down in another Directive , 95 / 35 / EC , seem sufficiently adequate to advise people in a responsible manner on the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods .	6	Past
I explained to him what I wanted and that I previously went to Braman Honda .	1	Past
This email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization named above .	3	Past
Designed by Juan Carlos Salas , the award - winning building has a sculptural appearance and every detail carries meaning .	11	Present
These work only on a single line of sight , so you need to know the exact path the mice are taking .	21	Present
I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions ( first Argentina ) and thought your expertise would be very helpful .	17	Past
President Bush has directed NASA to return to the moon by 2018 with a new generation of human explorers .	3	Past
It solaced him to know that he had an alternate plan if things went awry .	7	Past
I feel like shit for saying that but after what they have done already i wo nt be buying grocerys for the next few weeks .	1	Present
Creative Commons makes no warranties regarding the information provided , and disclaims liability for damages resulting from its use .	2	Present
Almost half of all Australian primary school children are mild to moderately iodine deficient , researchers say .	8	Present
I do n't know if this will change other nation 's perceptions of America .	1	Present
I hope that this would mean that you would remain involved at some level .	1	Present
It 's even made out to you .	3	Past
I was later told they had been left at the warehouse and some future date they would be delivered .	7	Past
Who does that ?!	1	Present
2 ) All M 16's are either automatic or semi automatic .	5	Present
Several ancient civilisations were located around the Mediterranean shores , and were greatly influenced by their proximity to the sea .	3	Past
I say we just keep the dough and go to Mexico .	8	Present
That ’s why we are on the 10th floor to make sure they die when they get kicked out .	17	Past
Having DNA-suitable material will let us see whether there are new genes , or genes turned on in different ways and at different times that help explain how these animals burrow into hard ice and then survive in the cold .	9	Present
Cons : * Server was n't very pleasant * Pretty small portion on the blackened catfish * Overcooked food * Time , took about 25 minutes from ordering to eating .	14	Past
As a result , Malthus 's concerns about mass starvation have failed to materialize in any peaceful capitalist economy .	11	Past
This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by means of two or more elements , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .	3	Past
This pledge is a new development .	2	Present
Then came a crackling in the wires , the sound of further dialing , more voices .	12	Present
I plan on taking Michael to the new Star Wars exhibit at the Museum of Fine Arts .	1	Present
My nails looked great for the better part of 2 weeks !	2	Past
Cargill Ferrous International is the full name of this division and set up as such in GCP with a Sub - to - Legal Link to Cargill , Inc. per GCP procedure .	3	Present
More people die from AIDS in one day in Africa than all the Russians who died in the hands of Chechnya - based Moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started .	2	Present
Well , said Fred , put it this way – house-elves have got powerful magic of their own , but they ca n't usually use it without their master 's permission .	11	Present
She was also never forced to perform labour in the engine room .	4	Past
" To arrive at the truth " , he wrote in the preface to Le Lys dans La Vallée , " writers use whatever literary device seems capable of giving the greatest intensity of life to their characters .	9	Past
Anti-Israeli and pro-Palestinian feeling is strong among several major Iraqi ideological groups and currents .	4	Present
The blockage of Villeneuve 's fleet resulted in giving up the invasion plan of the British Isles , also because new developments were taking place in the continent .	6	Past
Edit was the best massage therapist I 've ever had and I would HIGHLY recommend her !	9	Past
His most notable contribution to translation theory is Dynamic Equivalence , also known as Functional Equivalence .	12	Past
This is NOT an Enron - sponsored event .	1	Present
" A few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear 's paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling . "	22	Past
Copyright holders are given an absolute right to protection , with the banning of copying for private use for example .	3	Past
not by the company ... as you voided your warrenty by installing custom roms	7	Past
They compensate for this by creating the impression that they have a lot of friends - they have a ' quantity , not quality ' mentality .	17	Present
He has never lived in a war zone .	3	Past
It was possible , of course , that Stillman was merely biding his time , lulling the world into lethargy before striking .	11	Present
You could also keep adjusting your shirt or your hair , keeping a running dialogue about what look is best for you .	18	Present
Emergency teams in the southern US are battling to reach survivors of Hurricane Katrina , the most destructive storm to hit the country in decades .	6	Present
We have had many conversations with them and they have always been extremely patient with me as I tried on multiple hats in search of the right costumes for my magic act .	11	Past
Anyway , you do n't have a choice on how you get there , unless you happen to own an aeroplane .	11	Present
Papua New Guinea is often labelled as potentially the worst place in the world for gender violence .	5	Past
he tried to keep his eyes open but the whirl of green flames made him feel sick	1	Past
It only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa .	5	Past
It said it was in January but still !!!!	1	Past
Let me know if you have any questions .	5	Present
They accumulate into the top of it .	1	Present
This is an issue which affects aspects of everyday life .	1	Present
Certainly I did n't know them .	2	Past
If Access still ca n't find the reference after performing this search , you must fix the reference manually .	9	Present
Reading The Sound and the Fury last night , I came upon words in Compson 's thought that belonged to E E Cummings and the thirties , not to the year 1910 .	0	Present
" The future is only peace . The problem is how long will it take and how many victims will it call for . "	9	Present
They must have read these reviews and improved !	3	Past
I 'm assuming this was in reference to the January earthquake , do n't worry , it was very deep , so nothing was effected :)	4	Past
Politicians profess an Oath to this nation but once in office pursue their party agenda and reward their voters .	11	Present
I 'm looking for suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area and the where to's .	1	Present
Create a timed work frenzy .	2	Past
Colombo held six rounds of talks with the Tigers between September 2002 and March 2003 .	1	Past
It will happen again , if the ground is not prepared very carefully .	8	Present
The foundation did not participate in the recent uprising , but it did serve as a defender of those targeted by official repression .	19	Past
And that 's finally all anyone wants out of a book – to be amused .	14	Past
Use a room that is n't used every day such as the formal dining or living room .	6	Past
I 'm looking for suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area and the where to's .	2	Present
There was an air of plotting about that station , but nothing came of it , of course .	5	Present
I posted what the owner as said in paragraph 2 & 3 , that is not me to clarify .	1	Past
The pool was supposed to close at 10 and they would have people down there until 11:45 yelling , playing music and do who - knows - what in the dark corners of the pool .	3	Past
Previous reviewers said they were pushy and I can understand that , but I find the staff more helpful than anything else .	14	Present
I trained her myself .	1	Past
Nor did she realize that he wrote popular literature which aimed to please the general public and in no way wished to be associated with serious literature .	6	Past
Almost embarrassed by the intensity of his feelings , Quinn tucked the red notebook under his arm , walked over to the cash register , and bought it .	10	Past
We could not have been more welcomed , more comfortable or more well fed .	13	Past
I hope everything went all right and that Harry is okay and that you did n't do anything illegal to get him out , Ron , because that would get Harry into trouble , too .	3	Past
This contact with the West during the 16th century lead to a period of profound economic growth as lucrative trade routes were established .	21	Past
China is seeking the construction of a pipeline from Iran to the Caspian Sea , where it would link with another planned pipeline running from Kazakhstan to China .	1	Present
The locations of referenced files are specified in the References dialog box that is available from the References command on the Tools menu in the Visual Basic Editor .	6	Past
It was posted on Dec. 11 , but the Human Resource dept said that if it is still on the internet , it is open .	2	Past
Irregularities in menstruation will be cured .	5	Past
Nevada 's industrial outputs are tourism , mining , machinery , printing and publishing , food processing , and electric equipment .	4	Present
Moreover there are now major covert attempts under way to try and bring back to Kabul leading Taliban commanders , who have been living quietly in Pakistan and have taken no part in the Taliban insurgency .	23	Present
But one travel expert warned in - flight internet was often unreliable and was unlikely to influence travellers ' airline choices .	13	Past
The evaluator examined the files of 21 of the Pericles actions carried out until March 2004 , on Member State or Commission initiative .	11	Past
Ličen has recently joined the Sport Management Program at Washington State University to develop its sport media and communication research and teaching contents .	3	Past
France integrated the economy of Cameroun with that of France and improved the infrastructure with capital investments and skilled workers , modifying the system of forced labour .	1	Past
$ 15 m - Amount of a contract awarded to an American firm to build a cement factory in Iraq .	8	Past
Anyway , I was practically raised on this stuff , and being a connoisseur of West Indian cuisine , Jamaica Way is a bit toned down to suit the American palette .	5	Past
35 m - Number of Americans that the government defines as " food insecure , " in other words , hungry .	9	Present
It has cat 's " Meowing " for the vocals , and you might really find yourself in those furnaces , feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they die .	1	Present
The formalin is great for preserving structures , but for anemones , it prevents study of DNA or of the chemistry of the body .	2	Present
I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker ... and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me ... " the inspection guy is n't here today " .... for example .	15	Present
yea i guess but rabbits a easily escape a pen or another rabbit could get in there and that rabbit could be the opposite gender .	2	Present
She highly recommended him and described him as the " Saintly Instructor and Simply the Best Instructor there is .... very calm , pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions " .	18	Present
What I love most about this place , other than the food , is that eating here makes you feel like you 're in a small town rather than Baltimore .	19	Present
E E Cummings , locked up by the French government , finds his aesthetic paradise in the detention camp of Ferte Mace .	11	Present
The outward appearance makes you think this place is nice , but everything inside is cheap cheap cheap .	8	Present
He spoke round the obstacle of a woman standing between them .	1	Past
The birth registration was done right in hospital .	4	Past
Do you want me to send the invoices to you ?	0	Present
" Realism is nothing if not urban " , notes critic Peter Brooks ;	9	Present
You will also often see Thais doing a wai as they walk past temples and spirit houses .	11	Present
They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood .	8	Past
What greatness had not floated on the ebb of that river into the mystery of an unknown earth ! ...	4	Past
Practice your language frequently so that you do n't forget it !	7	Present
Thanks to urban planning , the major city streets are placed in a grid layout .	10	Past
The Kerry camp blames Bush for the Swift boat veterans ’ attack , but anyone who has spent much time talking to the Swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons .	24	Present
A slim little white girl slipped between them and took up Ras Asahe 's hand with the gold-metal watch-bracelet as if it were some possession she had put down ...	5	Past
Auster was somewhat reticent about it , but at last he conceded that he was working on a book of essays . The current piece was about Don Quixote .	25	Past
The Commission may adopt any technical provisions necessary for the operation of the temporary Cash - flow and Schengen Facility .	2	Present
I have a Kodak Camera ( 10.2 Megapixels ) ... Kodak AF 5x OPTICAL LENS ... how do I pause it while recording ?	1	Present
If you want to be sure , it is best to do both .	2	Present
" We 're not happy with Hamas 's position at this stage and in light of the Israeli escalation against the Palestinians , " commented Khader Habib , a senior Islamic Jihad official .	2	Present
He remembered having read somewhere that the eyes were the one feature of the face that never changed .	2	Present
This is like trying to Make 2 people get married .	9	Past
But it is less clear how the government will create additional jobs for women .	2	Present
" So you 've talked to her about me . "	4	Past
There is a public bus from the airport to Hadibo and from Hadibo to Qalansia .	1	Present
I was sold a phone by a friend and sent it off to get it recycled what can i do ?	15	Past
This is not a post about fault - finding or assigning blame .	1	Present
When you export a table to an XML document , you can also export related tables .	2	Present
When a user connects to the SQL Server database through a Microsoft Access project , the connection is enabled through a Windows NT user account .	3	Present
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas as a location .	9	Past
Troy Patterson of Slate Magazine ventured over to Pacific Standard to sample the new santorum cocktail at the bar .	5	Past
I am saying when comparing all other hotels in Wildwood , this hotel has everything that we are looking for .	2	Present
This debate and the amendment of the Directive currently in force allow us to incorporate differentiating elements which demonstrate the diversity of this Europe of ours .	18	Present
Of course not . But I mean the book inside the book Cervantes wrote , the one he imagined he was writing .	13	Past
Critics of Scientology at the Internet newsgroup alt.religion.scientology were critical of the attacks to the Church of Scientology website , with one poster writing " How can people look at both sides if one side is gone ? "	35	Present
In the final two steps , the dancers firmly stamp their feet on the ground .	9	Present
This process will continue in accordance with the financial spending guidelines laid down by the EU leaders at their Berlin Summit last year , which were supported by Parliament at its last May plenary part - session .	11	Past
However , now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $ 6,000 + despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do , I feel I have to voice my opinion .	25	Past
I 'm a little afraid when i buy PS3 or X - BOX then a newer version comes out .	17	Present
Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many of which they themselves created .	23	Past
I am very unhappy here .	1	Present
Had a horrible experience with a manager here , Rachel McInnis , she was rude , inconsiderate and did not do the right thing for an item that was marked incorrectly ...	29	Past
People want to learn more practical skills , and for the most part the internet does n't provide enough quality information yet .	15	Present
Our fence was installed quickly in August and they had their money and left saying " Workmanship is guaranteed for a year ! " .	13	Past
Even my PA i went to the other day said " it must by comforting to have gone to a heart surgeon like him who will do nothing for you " .	17	Past
Being hungry , you know , and kept on my feet too , I was getting savage .	7	Past
Additionally , because this question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored as missing ( legitimate skip ) .	7	Past
Let me know if you think this is reasonable and workable .	5	Present
Limerick 's a great student city , there 's loads on , you 'll be spoilt for choice .	8	Present
1 of them is really colorful and is about 6 cm long .	7	Present
There is support for the EU in Lapland also , so let us remember them .	1	Present
The staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care my pup received was outstanding .	18	Past
Inequality can corrupt and paralyze a country 's political system – and economic growth along with it .	1	Present
That ’s just legitimately horrendous .	1	Present
I understand that it is a competitive process , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability .	11	Past
This is the year you 're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world , as expansion is the theme .	1	Present
Hope your pre Chanukah planning is going well .	5	Present
His plays have been translated into every major living language and are performed more often than those of any other playwright .	4	Past
For my part , I feel that the negotiations were balanced and that they open the way for achieving a sustainable market .	5	Present
This attempt is normally referred to as mysticism .	2	Present
Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .	28	Past
They said that we were to be charged for this room regardless because we did not cancel within the 72 hours .	7	Past
However , I did not find her very helpful and her receptionist was rude .	12	Past
Or are you undecided ?	1	Present
Hugh McGuire with some books that have not yet been acoustically liberated .	9	Past
The atmosphere at the parties was what he thought it must have been at gatherings described in nineteenth-century Russian novels .	12	Past
The position taken by Foreign Minister Maurice Jobert in the October War of 1973 was that the Palestinian Arabs had a natural and justified desire to " go home . "	14	Past
He said after 10 years of DNA testing on northern Rockies wolves , scientists have not found a single strain that did not belong to one of the wolves the agency released -- or their descendants .	14	Present
She has not only helped me through some challenging computer - work and sports related injuries , she was wonderful to work with throughout my pregnancy and beyond .	1	Present
Eyes closing , she leans in for the kiss .	4	Present
But I also hope no one feels any obligation to download , especially if you have an internet connection as slow mine ( 28 k ) .	6	Present
Thank you .	0	Present
He had not really lost himself ; he was merely pretending , and he could return to being Quinn whenever he wished .	21	Past
Response : The US has succeeded in politically isolating Hamas , and started the process of cutting off its funding .	4	Present
The good news is that Park 's government is working to change this .	8	Present
Restaurant on top was renovated , food was decent , price was way to high for Duluth for quality , new decor seems tacky	7	Past
The Chair has already stated that the proposal was made in accordance with the Rules , so there are no grounds for changing anything .	18	Present
<< He could do little during the day , for Murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite Lucas , or Lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness .	29	Past
The I/C design is for a UltraSonic meter and this is dependent on their testing schedule ( Canada or Kansas are the only two places to test to 100 % of design ) .	3	Present
It contains a tiny lagoon , which has all but dried up .	1	Present
NiMo released an additional RFP for peaking supplies for this winter , I believe Phil should have or be getting that RFP .	19	Present
Never had a problem with the staff and found them very helpful when something went wrong .	8	Past
In addition , the need for greater transparency has been pointed out .	10	Past
I was very happy with the customer service and even more please with the portion size , to go box set up and quality of the food for the price .	1	Past
Both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived , though Mr. Parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular , Dr. Fortier said .	12	Past
They did nt take x - rays they offered them but i just could nt afford any more treatment .	1	Past
I have nothing bad to say .	1	Present
She is always so busy , too , which is a good indication of her talent .	9	Present
The finals saw US team Cloud9 and Immortals , from Brazil , face off in Counter-Strike : Global Offensive .	2	Past
We thought you might like to know who your colleagues find interesting , so we 've provided a sampling of the suggestions below .	15	Present
I have a cat named GummiBear , so no , R2D2 is not a stupid name .	4	Past
Could one of you please email me a copy of the standard template you use for Enfolio gas purchase agreements ?	14	Present
The Island is new to tourism , so if you are looking for a luxurious vacation this is not the right destination .	17	Present
Wanted to buy a Rhino 700 and a Grizzly 700 .	0	Past
Scallops were overcooked and the foie gras was cold but the rest of the food was lovely .	1	Past
Note that the ratio of Skittles to vodka varies from recipe to recipe .	8	Present
If some of John Kerry 's wounds were superficial , Bush received no wounds .	7	Past
In general , we should not be overly prescriptive at this point and I know you agree with that .	16	Present
I 'm not sure how I would have handled it .	8	Past
Spinal pain , piles , hernia , hydrocele in men , nervous pain , nervous disability will be cured .	18	Past
If you are a handcraft beer person , this is a fantastic place to be .	2	Present
They have been accumulating for years , and basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he feels like it .	3	Present
Good Lord , I 'd like to see him again !	4	Past
The teachers are highly trained and are expert at handling all types of clients .	2	Present
You have to keep trying .	1	Present
For reasons that were never made clear to him , he suddenly felt an irresistible urge for a particular red notebook at the bottom .	3	Past
it was a little to high dollar for me	1	Past
Anything that you want to put off but takes two minutes to do - do it .	3	Present
There are concerns that some may have been siphoned off . "	8	Past
I say this remembering that Jacques Maritain once characterized European anti-Semitism of the twentieth century as an attempt to get rid of the moral burden of Christianity .	8	Past
I spoke with Gerald and he said there are a bunch of folks hanging around Dad 's place .	8	Present
Wolfowitz lied to him and said that there was a 10 to 50 % chance that Iraq was behind them .	8	Past
If he does know and approves of this behavior then it is a poor reflection on him .	2	Present
The Disibodenberg cloister was disbanded and fell into ruin as a result of the Reformation .	6	Past
The Minutes of the part-session of Thursday 29 May 1997 have been distributed .	12	Past
Since that legislation came into being , there has been no noticeable difference .	3	Past
It 's terrible when I sing the old chants from home but it 's not so bad in English – English is such a rough-sounding language anyway .	5	Present
It 's even made out to you .	1	Present
If so , are we ready to execute ?	3	Present
As to me , I had hardly ever spoken to him before .	5	Past
Stardust @ home is a highly distributed project using a " Virtual Microscope " that is written in html and javascript and runs on most browsers — no downloads are required .	30	Past
We called our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it taken care of .	15	Past
A demonstration in Berlin , carrying banners supporting Saddam 's regime and featuring three - year old babies dressed as suicide murderers , is defined by the press and by political leaders as a " peace demonstration " .	24	Past
A UN review of national plans to cut carbon says they are well short of the levels needed to keep the rise in global temperatures under 2C .	9	Present
Moonlight was shining through the bars on the window .	1	Past
This enables you to seal the containers quickly after filling .	1	Present
Hard copies of the Comprehensive Settlement , including all declarations and signature pages , are being shipped tonight via US mail to all parties on the service list .?	14	Present
The most popular lodging is actually camping on the beaches .	6	Present
As for Christchurch , yes the aftershocks are still happening , but these are fairly small - you can feel them , but the do n't do any damage .	9	Present
Please allow me to say that the present report can be judged very positively .	1	Present
$ 120 b - Amount the war and its aftermath are projected to cost for the 2004 fiscal year .	10	Present
Did your vet take radiographs ( x - rays ) ?	0	Past
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP .	13	Past
There are so many wonderful great places to dine in houston .... do n't . waste your time here .	12	Present
You have two screws that attach the sight to the wang .	1	Present
After 1610 , Shakespeare wrote fewer plays , and none are attributed to him after 1613 .	4	Past
Angry crowds chanted anti-American slogans in the western city of Falluja ( pop. 256,000 ) as the security police killed in a friendly fire incident by US troops were buried on Saturday .	2	Past
The kind of support they provide is simply great !!!	5	Present
In the core of the city , named avenues run north / south and are named after US cities , generally in repeating alphabetical order ( for example , Winston - Yale - Allegheny - Braden ) .	14	Present
Uncle Vernon might still have been able to make his deal – if it had n't been for the owl .	5	Past
Are they very keen on their self-image ?	0	Present
It 's really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in one place and I want to spread the word .	10	Past
We heard nothing .	1	Past
That 's what it was on Thursday . And yesterday ... Only a hundred and nine , that 's all ...	18	Present
Will you be providing an execution version with questions removed / blanks filled in ?	12	Past
In the mean time , we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future costs .	6	Present
It read , " The people of Fallujah condemn the massacre which was committed on Friday against people dedicated to the protection of Fallujah .	12	Past
cocker spaniels are retarded .	2	Present
I ’d said my prayers , talking a long time as usual with my Maker and thinking about some of the great mysteries the Father of Lights had revealed to me .	2	Past
Our window panes were so dirty that they needed a specialist to come and clean them .	8	Past
" I think America 's obsession with celebrity culture is as strong today as it was when Warhol was living " , said Gustafon .	15	Past
This is a thought that sometimes crosses Jewish minds .	6	Present
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP .	8	Present
He also writes for Aakrosh , India 's defense - tied quarterly journal .	2	Present
I was so hungry .	1	Past
When you open a page , Access reads the connection file that is linked to the page , and based on the contents of the connection file , connects the page to the appropriate data source .	7	Present
Bray went to the kitchen to fill his brandy glass with water for the night .	1	Past
All I say is , it works .	6	Present
( The only other choice for the Arabs is to leave their oil in the ground . ) "	8	Present
But he was an inside / outside cat ( only one I owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats ) .	15	Present
I did n't argue with him but I asked him what he believed would be a viable solution to this mess .	8	Past
Just knowing a whole lot about a single species is n't very useful , even if that animal is as special as these clearly are -	9	Present
All Harry 's spellbooks , his wand , robes , cauldron and top-of-the-range Nimbus Two Thousand broomstick had been locked in a cupboard under the stairs by Uncle Vernon the instant Harry had come home .	19	Past
Greece , Italy , France , Spain and Austria , have understood that something has to be done and now have a presence in Albania .	17	Past
This was confirmed by Virginia Stillman , whom Quinn called each night after returning home .	9	Past
We recommend these cabins !	1	Present
Our time is likely to be limited to 5 - 10 minutes .	2	Present
There were no other options available ( I only brought my check card to cover any overage cost ) and she rang it up and applied it to the gift card before telling me about the tip policy .	25	Past
i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice , and in used gerbil bedding .	7	Past
At the same time , it pleased him to know that Stillman also had a red notebook , as if this formed a secret link between them .	21	Past
The family 's attorney advises me that Aafia had no knowledge of chemicals ( and that would not appear to be her training ) .	4	Present
He says authorities are reacting slowly to his urgent calls for mandatory iodised salt .	1	Present
Disney cruises offer 24 - hour room services , and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like .	2	Present
Petrarch meets LAURA : April 6 , 1327 Monday	1	Present
Wentz put down his glass beside his chair , to do the justice of full attention to what he was going to say .	1	Present
Harry knew he should n't have risen to Dudley 's bait , but Dudley had said the very thing Harry had been thinking himself maybe he did n't have any friends at Hogwarts	1	Past
Recently Charles Miller and David Dewhurst sent you an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on Wed. 6/14 at 5:00 PM to be held at the Houston Petroleum Club .	16	Present
We are told we must balance interests but , quite frankly , all interests are not equal .	14	Present
Hibernation is natural , and a necessity for snakes that are going to be bred .	10	Present
I was asked by the officers , in their inimitably dumb way , whether I knew the writer Günter de Bruyn and whether we are intellectual relatives .	1	Past
The mites missed it .	2	Past
It was posted on Dec. 11 , but the Human Resource dept said that if it is still on the internet , it is open .	16	Present
I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .	16	Past
Today , Ukraine needs a modern-day equivalent of the Marshall Plan , by which the United States helped to reconstruct Europe after World War II .	17	Past
Pedicures are also great .	1	Present
remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it , and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time .	16	Present
Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end , Gemini , and now you 're going to start reaping the rewards these " lessons " have left in their wake .	10	Present
Countless times , Harry had been on the point of unlocking Hedwig 's cage by magic and sending her to Ron and Hermione with a letter , but it was n't worth the risk .	10	Present
In particular , annexes cannot be adapted to take account of technical and industrial developments .	6	Past
The mixture will now curdle and this is what should be happening .	7	Present
For Kevin Allton , a USI instructor in English , Warhol was also a legend .	11	Past
Mohamed was a VIP guest at the Google Science Fair this weekend , and was able to meet finalists at the event held at Google 's headquarters located in Mountain View , California .	22	Past
You can apply a filter to a series or category field to show the top or bottom n items based on a total .	19	Past
Some 20 th - century scholars have suggested that Shakespeare may have been employed as a schoolmaster by Alexander Hoghton of Lancashire , a Catholic landowner who named a certain " William Shakeshafte " in his will .	27	Past
The Schlei and the wetlands between the Danevirke and Husum had frozen solid in a hard winter , and the territory immediately south of the Danevirke had been conquered by the advancing German army .	28	Past
As an infant Balzac was sent to a wet-nurse ;	5	Past
When I was a young man in Air Force ROTC I was chosen to attend a unique Pilot Training Program called Euro- NATO Joint Jet Pilot Training .	12	Past
Watching a coast as it slips by the ship is like thinking about an enigma .	9	Present
Before the Andes were formed , the western margin of South America had already been the site of several orogenies .	3	Past
Maybe I make you the manager , said the counterman .	2	Present
She is just being friendly in public because she does not want to offend you and she treats you like any other friend .	17	Present
Not so the merry-minded Hasidim , exulting everywhere .	6	Present
( 2 ) No one may be compelled to belong to an association .	7	Past
True , there are about 300,000 wolves and wolf hybrids kept as pets in the United States .	3	Present
Although Israel withdrew from Lebanese territory in May 2000 , the radical Lebanese Shiite party , Hizbullah , has not been mollified .	2	Past
" Barn cats " may not be socialized well with humans , although used to hunting mice for food .	13	Past
When many people think about the engines driving that growth , they imagine commodities like oil , gold , and cocoa , or maybe industries like banking and telecommunications .	7	Present
The Canaanite city was destroyed in a fire , presumably in the wake of a campaign by the Egyptian pharaoh Thutmose III .	4	Past
Give me a call Tuesday afternoon to discuss ( gone to Kelowna golfing for the weekend ) .	9	Past
They put the story into proper literary form – in Spanish – and then turned the manuscript over to Samson Carrasco , the bachelor from Salamanca , who proceeded to translate it into Arabic .	28	Past
Basil comes in many different varieties , each of which have a unique flavor and smell .	10	Present
( 8 ) This Directive seeks to achieve a high level of protection for the environment by reducing the potential environmental impact of EUPs , which will ultimately be beneficial to consumers and other end - users .	5	Present
The few times I have consulted with a travel agent I was able to find the same for less on my own , and more options than what they were selling .	5	Past
Are you deducting all operating expenses from the value of the option ?	2	Present
The USS Austin is likewise deployed in the Gulf .	3	Present
They seemed to be no more than broken things , discarded things , stray bits of junk .	1	Past
HR , intended to be a key user of this tool , will not use BackWeb because survey responses can not be made anonymous .	2	Past
The BBC 's Alastair Leithead in New Orleans says there is panic as vital supplies run out .	15	Present
Readers of the Savage Love advice column selected a new definition for the Senator ’s last name , and Savage created a website SpreadingSantorum.com to promulgate the spread of the phenomenon .	7	Past
I loved the atmosphere here and the food is good , however the tables are so close together that it feels very cramped .	20	Present
We are from Virginia and just moved here a year ago .	6	Past
So chances are that if your dog likes to watch T.V. , it ’s probably because of the sounds .	2	Present
she did nt even let me finish a sentence without insulting me and telling me how i should have said it !	19	Past
Hydrogen peroxide is used to replace the luminol 's nitrogen atoms with oxygen .	2	Present
There is no denying that there are words which we feel instinctively to be adequate to express the ideas they stand for . ”	6	Present
Will each future generation continue to enjoy a better quality of life than its immediate predecessor ?	0	Present
That is :	1	Present
The Commission 's estimates of what would be health-endangering values reflect the outcome of the research carried out .	10	Present
By September of that year the Dow had tumbled to 744 .	8	Past
The origin of the word Hispania is much disputed and the evidence for the various speculations are based merely upon what are at best mere resemblances , likely to be accidental , and suspect supporting evidence .	8	Past
I 've had experience with all of those pets except Degus .	2	Past
What do you think the impact will be for the Paralympic movement will be with the Games being televised live in the United States for first time ?	1	Present
When the Balzac children returned home , they were kept at a frigid distance by their parents , which affected the author - to - be significantly .	25	Present
The sheikh in wheel - chair has been attacked with a F - 16 - launched bomb .	15	Past
On 1 October 1961 , the formerly British Southern Cameroons united with French Cameroun to form the Federal Republic of Cameroon .	10	Past
In that one brief moment he knew that he was in trouble .	6	Past
In July 1918 , the Franco - Monegasque Treaty was signed , providing for limited French protection over Monaco .	10	Past
This convention is only slightly relaxed in modern age and now it is still unadvisable among friends to use the given name , but use of the family name is still common .	20	Past
i have never tried feeding him a pinky that was bigger around than he is .	14	Present
" Look how the academy returns the pretty ones we send them !	10	Present
Working with Rod Jacobsen was my first experience working with a CPA , so I did not know what to expect .	4	Past
You can then select all the popular promotions from the Other group and create a new custom group that will be captioned Popular .	21	Past
Paris also claims that her passport was taken away from her and she was forced to work in the engine room .	7	Past
Her limbs were weathered and ringed , like the branches of trees in the dry country .	5	Past
A fast service , saved a bad situation getting a lot worse .	4	Past
Instead they are encouraging everyone to come forward if they see any potential problems ( as it is clear that overlooked problems could result in unnecessary losses ) .	3	Present
He was three months late in filing a name for the business , and he threatened to call his company Apple Computers if the other colleagues did n't suggest a better name by 5 O'clock .	26	Past
It is on the southern point of the main island of Utu Vava'u and has an attractive setting on one of the world 's most beautiful harbours .	1	Present
To start we tried the guacamole and salsa verde , it was completly flavorless .	3	Past
But it is clear that not only did Bush slack off on his National Guard service , but he slacked off from his campaign work .	7	Past
The measures shall be maintained no longer than strictly necessary and , in any case , shall be lifted when the shortcomings are remedied .	2	Present
Chicken saltimboca was excellent and then there 's the chocolate mousse that comes straight from heaven .	2	Past
Remember seeing " Stop Making Sense " at Cinema 21 multiple times !	0	Present
We came at around 730 and they close at 8 and wanted to try the specials but they were out for the day so I would say go way before they close .	1	Past
The ex-Governor looked on , smiling .	5	Present
It's durability & look was perfect and I will definitely be adding to my collection soon !	11	Present
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking to recreate Mohammed 's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on Egyptian leaders .	6	Past
Now , when you get into the fire , say where you 're going –	4	Present
I assume his actual reason is that he 's worried that Berkshire Hathaway just ca n't grow quickly enough to justify his usual charity policy .	8	Present
A copy of the Constitution , with links back to the official source , is located at http://loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt	14	Present
But anywhere would do , he thought , anywhere at all .	6	Past
By Graydon Carter ( excepted from " What We 've Lost " , published by Little Brown )	9	Present
The premise with which the administartion is acting is that if they expeditiously suspend everyone 's right to bilateral contracts quickly , it sets up a barrier which the direct access coalition must break through .	23	Present
Richard , below is a list of oc invoices sent to you for approval on 5/30/00 .	3	Present
My dog has been sick for about 3 days now .	2	Present
This Auster was the first intelligent person he had spoken to in a long time .	8	Past
This store is what Colorado is all about .	5	Present
Motion was of the essence , the act of putting one foot in front of the other and allowing himself to follow the drift of his own body .	9	Present
Your Santorum cocktail creation has already received media coverage from publications including ; The Brooklyn Paper , The New York Times , Jezebel , Metro.us , EDGE on the Net , and Instinct Magazine .	6	Past
He 's not lame , but he 's been having issues .	9	Present
Birds eat and sleep with their flock , not predators .	1	Present
We are now suffering from the consequences of our rape of the environment , our rejection of the natural for the industrial , and our embrace of violence over peace .	1	Present
A short , irritable-looking man was dancing around taking photographs with a large black camera that emitted puffs of purple smoke with every blinding flash .	16	Past
I do n't live in Lake St. Louis anymore , but deliveries were always correct and the service courteous .	12	Past
The vaults were reached by means of small , goblin-driven carts that sped along miniature train-tracks through the bank 's underground tunnels .	2	Past
So huge in fact , that Toronto slang is influenced by and has Jamaican references , and Jamaican beef patties are staples in my high school cafeteria .	8	Present
It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name .	1	Past
I think to say it was unexpected is inaccurate , because it implies that there was a well-founded expectation of something .	5	Past
this is not where the Blue Water Bridge Duty Free is located .	11	Past
But , without strong domestic support for change , the impact of such meetings is limited .	14	Present
It turned aside for the bowlders , and also for an undersized railway-truck lying there on its back with its wheels in the air .	13	Present
It was originally named ' Googol ' , a word for the number represented by 1 followed by 100 zeros .	13	Past
We looked at the venerable stream not in the vivid flush of a short day that comes and departs for ever , but in the august light of abiding memories .	18	Present
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	22	Present
I guess they figured me for an easy mark , and tried to explain that my car would n't pass unless I replaced a hose .	3	Past
That is why I want to highlight some of the issues that I believe the Commission must have at the forefront .	4	Present
It is a glorious idea . I know the wife of a very high personage in the Administration , and also a man who has lots of influence with , &c. , &c .	1	Present
Greece was divided into many small , self - governing communities , a pattern largely dictated by Greek geography : every island , valley and plain is cut off from its neighbours by the sea or mountain ranges .	1	Past
As Pakistan 's president had been telling the United States he was " forced " into taking a hawkish line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman , this was an embarrassment .	13	Past
Where and to whom do you want it faxed ?	4	Present
What is the best time of year ?	1	Present
My dog has been sick for about 3 days now .	3	Past
For the proof is that we still read the book .	7	Present
I 'm not sure , but I think that he 's got class tonite , too .	11	Past
I am speaking for the first time in this plenary part - session , so this is quite exciting for me , a little like first love , although that did last longer than two minutes .	1	Present
I am missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet .	1	Present
i also think the National Endowment for the Arts is a waste , but i guess i would rather see my money go to the NEA than NASA .	15	Present
You misunderstood him yesterday .	1	Past
" But everything went wrong with us .	3	Past
Whether you start the year as a single person looking for a partner , or you 've been married for many years , happiness in love does lie ahead .	16	Present
Tuesday is all about getting out the vote , but it means nothing if a registered voter is n't on the list .	17	Present
okay so i live in San Rafael Ca like by the mi pueble and the Home Depot .. what are fun things to do around there ?	3	Present
Quinn paused , looked around the room without seeing anything , and tried to start .	1	Past
I wanted to try someplace new again .	1	Past
“ We live in the modern era ! ” she cried .	2	Present
Now not only is my leg better , but my back is relaxing .	11	Present
With extra blackworms and maybe frozen ( defrosted , rinsed ) frozen foods earlier in the day , they may leave 30 - 40 eggs at a time .	9	Past
That is a term invented by online romance scammers	1	Present
If you own a Retail Store or are a Professional Vendor who exhibits at Sport , Hunting , or Craft Shows and are interested in selling our products , please give us a call !	2	Present
Yes , I suppose I wo n't know my way around when I get into town .	13	Present
In 1758 , his brother Pierre Joseph died at the age of six , and Pierre Charles became the eldest son .	7	Past
1 Category field Region showing all items ( not filtered )	9	Past
He was utterly gracious and took it like a man , I am beyond furious .	5	Past
Orr is not relaxing , it 's not a safe space , and the owner is awful .	15	Present
The real testament is not in how much she likes your animals but how much they like her .	3	Present
The atmosphere is a chaotic system , so small changes to one part of the system can grow to have large effects on the system as a whole .	2	Present
York is known as England 's " City of Festivals " as there are regular cultural festivals every year .	1	Present
The vaults were reached by means of small , goblin-driven carts that sped along miniature train-tracks through the bank 's underground tunnels .	3	Past
The car rental area and parking is well integrated .	8	Past
“ I visit the degree shows at Northampton University to spot new talent , ” he says .	16	Present
The smell of Virginia Stillman 's perfume hovered around him , and he began to imagine what she looked like without any clothes on .	18	Past
As he emerged from the subway and entered the great hall , he saw by the clock that it was just past four .	7	Past
International law does not know how to deal with a leader of murderers who is royally and comfortably hosted by a country , which pretends to condemn his acts or just claims to be too weak to arrest him .	14	Present
If you have any problems or questions , please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696 .	2	Present
The good news is that all of this is temporary , because the evolution of international law has always adapted itself to reality .	3	Present
Cherokee Finance VOF is assigned to North America ( Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker ) .	4	Past
My schedule shows an afternoon session .	2	Present
Dobby dissolved again into wails of gratitude .	1	Past
If that were the case , and Stillman managed to elude him , it would mean that Virginia Stillman was responsible .	8	Past
$ 80 for a dish that has about one small lobster tail and is full of filler vegetables !	6	Present
I was wearing a yellow linen dress which my mother had picked out and which I therefore disliked although I knew it flattered me .	17	Past
In 1987 , the Tamil Tigers reluctantly accepted the peace accord under Indian pressure .	7	Past
Peggy is finding out where WD # 143 pumps to onshore .	1	Present
In order to examine potential bivariate associations , the adjusted F statistic ( design-based F ) was employed as it corrects for a complex sample design such as that used in the Add Health . [ 21 ]	16	Past
Right out of college I called the salon and explained my situation .	9	Past
In the event that you have scheduling conflicts and can not participate , any referrals at the Director or VP level would be greatly appreciated .	24	Past
In some places , that may mean teaching agricultural extension workers how to make their messages more relevant to female audiences , or encouraging them to visit when women are most likely to be at home .	29	Present
In the 18 th and 19 th centuries , his reputation also spread abroad .	12	Past
But the Weasleys gave a gigantic tug and Harry 's leg slid out of Uncle Vernon 's grasp .	3	Past
As far as the EEI goes , the only remaining issue that I 'm aware of ( aside from finalizing the LOC ) is whether we 've finished coordinating the Attachment containing the list of prior transactions .	26	Present
When you have a looming project that 's bogging you down and making you unproductive in other areas , tackle it first .	2	Present
However , Proust wrote later in life that the contemporary fashion to rank Balzac higher than Tolstoy was " madness .	3	Past
Do n't be so ridiculous , Fred , said Mrs Weasley , her cheeks rather pink .	8	Past
I am a music junkie that grew up in the 80's , and my dad worked for a record label in the 1960's .	15	Past
In spite of a lot of worry over your career , by the year 's end , you 'll see that 2005 has filled your life with prosperity and accomplishments .	23	Past
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand , i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube .	12	Past
The plain fact is that a few members of IT are pushing this initiative , but they lack commercial sponsorship .	11	Present
Do all your chores without being nagged , take care of any existing pets , keep your room clean , and so on .	6	Past
The staff get to know regulars and do their job very well .	7	Present
The ghoul in the attic howled and dropped pipes whenever he felt things were getting too quiet , and small explosions from Fred and George 's bedroom were considered perfectly normal .	7	Past
It looks good on paper , but what do they really have ?	1	Present
The two institutes were later joined by the Leiden University Libraries .	3	Past
Flipped the square over and saw it riddled with green mold !!!!	5	Past
No Russian - speaking refugees from eastern Ukraine or Crimea have fled into Russia , and no Russian - speaker has sought political asylum anywhere else outside the country .	10	Present
Two years ago , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main Islamist alliance -- Maulana Fazlur Rahman -- visited India and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements .	23	Past
It was a great deal -- we paid a certain amount per person , and my husband and I chose 4 types of pizza and the servers brought out as much as we wanted .	33	Past
My spirits recovered , and as soon as I had got into my habit , I followed him to the garden I have already told about .	2	Past
That said , I hated this restaurant .	1	Past
I propose we have a conference call with Bob Fagan on Fri July 20 at 1:00 pm Calgary time to discuss any areas of concern / confusion you may have .	3	Present
Now that he had embarked on the Stillman case , he felt that a new notebook was in order .	3	Past
Now that Oxitec has conducted promising field trials in the Cayman Islands , Malaysia , and Brazil , it is preparing to conduct trials in other countries , including the United States .	28	Present
It 's not an exaggeration to say that what they 're having to do is introduce a so-called democratic social system in place of a paternalist discipline .	11	Present
My questions are ..	2	Present
Then the first woman spoke again : the number was busy .	4	Past
The idea about this site is that the visitors can send in their own pictures and get them added to the album .	5	Present
That 's right , folks .	1	Present
No worries , i did n't try .	4	Past
In addition , repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .	16	Present
Frost as desired .	2	Past
Few analysts believe that the published collection follows Shakespeare 's intended sequence .	10	Past
I 've never been a smoker & am a very strong anti-smoker , but I 'm an over-eater & so I know how hard it is to change a habit .	15	Present
Within 24 hours every Communist assault had been defeated except in the ancient capital of Hue .	6	Past
A sacrococcygeal teratoma is a tumour that develops before birth and grows from a baby 's tailbone .	11	Present
Voters see the two major party nominees as exemplifying what is worst about their respective parties , and they want something better .	19	Present
It is therefore very odd that the original text has been retained in this amendment .	9	Present
They were conquerors , and for that you want only brute force – nothing to boast of , when you have it , since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others .	8	Present
He seems to have wished for the Senate and the state to simply act without him and his direct orders were rather vague , inspiring debate more on what he actually meant than on passing his legislation .	20	Past
Wintour herself appears briefly , and is filmed putting her sunglasses on before being interviewed .	6	Present
Most of the deals let you eat for 500 ff , and some of the deals are even free .	16	Present
We arrived Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked .	1	Past
While the report was being prepared , it was interesting to discuss the Union 's regional policy in general .	5	Past
A pattern of arrests and seizures indicate that arms are brought by the LTTE from Laos , Cambodia and Thailand into Chittagong , from where they are transported northward by land to Bhutan .	6	Present
And , you 're going to develop a hopeless romantic streak .	4	Present
Is n’t the answer to that question that wise decisions are made with a basis from memory ?	0	Present
Why certain slogans work and why some do n't .	3	Present
When you discussed it , i was trying to think back to our remedies and discussions but the 3 years have made it difficult .	7	Present
Warhol 's photo legacy spread by university exhibits	4	Past
Nah , I ’m kidding .	3	Present
Our government has negotiated a standby loan agreement with the International Monetary Fund that will give us some of the tools that we need to get our financial and economic house in order .	14	Present
These agreements were forwarded to the counterparty , CCNG , Inc. .	3	Past
Anything after 12 is a bonus .	3	Present
It was difficult to realize his work was not out there in the luminous estuary , but behind him , within the brooding gloom .	1	Past
What does independence mean – I do n't use freedom , I do n't like the big words – what does your independence mean , then ?	20	Present
He said , All very festive , but it was distraction ; he had the feeling of listening inwardly , watching for something else .	17	Present
Behind this raw matter one of the reclaimed , the product of the new forces at work , strolled despondently , carrying a rifle by its middle .	7	Past
I do n't hear from you in months and then you level me with such a thought provoking , soul searching article .	1	Present
" There 's a lot of impact on plants and they say , ' Who cares ? '	11	Present
of course , it 's very hard to convict anyone because no Muggle would admit their key keeps shrinking – they 'll insist they just keep losing it .	26	Present
If the correct legal name is not in Global Counterparty , the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on it seriously compromising the contract itself .	13	Present
The hymn was sung at my first inaugural church service as governor .	3	Past
the guy came on time and did n't take any breaks , he went straight to work and finished the job efficiently and promptly !	6	Past
This is the best Mediterranean Restaurant in the West Valley , I have friend who drive from central Phx to come here .	1	Present
Of all Freemason sponsered revolutions : American , French , Bolivar , etc . . . Garibaldi 's is the most blatantly Masonic :	3	Past
She is a super sweet , lovable and well - informed woman with a great sense of humor .	1	Present
Opposite it there are olives still , which Arabs are harvesting with long poles .	3	Present
We do n’t have any rules or known lines we wo n’t cross .	1	Present
A large number of them are Bangladeshis , who like millions of their countrymen have left their densely populated homeland to settle elsewhere .	18	Past
York was known as Eboracum by the Romans , who founded the fortress city on the River Ouse in the year 71 .	2	Past
The girl shrugged . I 've read better and I 've read worse .	5	Present
Living standards around the world continue to rise .	5	Present
As for Ted , things are still going well although I have n't see him at all this week ( we are two very busy people ) .	21	Present
Hibernation is natural , and a necessity for snakes that are going to be bred .	11	Present
Orders and / or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and / or instructions .	11	Past
The debate that a handful of Texas multi-millionnaires close to the Bush family have cleverly manufactured over John Kerry 's war record is absurd in every way .	15	Past
Why have the staircases not been improved since my accident ?	6	Past
The video cable was replaced and suddenly the motherboard was dead .	4	Past
In the Episode " So in Louvre Are We Two " , How many diffrent painting / scupltures are their and who are the artists ?	22	Present
In summary the planned systems changes and manual substantiation efforts are behind schedule .	3	Past
The warm chocolate cake was very tasty , but served at room temperature , not warm by any stretch of the imagination .	9	Past
And I gave it all my heart , all my energy , based upon principles that did not change once I got into the Oval Office .	2	Past
If elected , what would constitute a successful presidency for you ?	1	Past
In September , China threatened to veto any move to impose sanctions on Sudan over the atrocities in Darfur .	4	Past
The editors punch it up over the last couple of days and then it goes out over the Internet and into the print edition .	14	Present
there might be bigger and more well known bagel places in the area but Family Bagels are nice people , small shop and incredibly friendly .	7	Past
Anyway , I tried to get a preorder but no places were selling it so I missed out on 2/3 weekend events .	16	Past
i am going to my grandma s in north carolina and we are going camping in a cabin in west virginia .	2	Present
I would highly recommend that you read through some reliable bearded guides to make sure you have everything set up correctly :	18	Past
You hate to see talent get wasted , but honestly I do n't think I could take in a horse right now these issues .	11	Present
Here and there were bits of charred debris in the gutters .	6	Past
He tried to tell me it was when I told asked him if he knew what fps stood for and he had no clue .	1	Past
The database was unveiled in 1999 as the National Enforcement Management Information System and Intelligence System .	2	Past
There 's the market in Naha , which is great .	8	Present
' No , not yet , ' he answered , with great composure .	8	Past
The instruments of ratification shall be deposited with the Government of the Italian Republic by 31 December 2006 at the latest .	4	Present
In the standing photo ( from the front ) there is a corner of a rug creeping in , some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord .	10	Present
If you must use a cleaner , pledge should be fine if the area that you keep your parakeet in is well ventilated .	16	Present
Well , here 's to three crazy people , said Wentz , excitedly picking up his glass .	9	Past
Places like Dartmouth are supposed to be tourist towns and should provide foods for people of all religions .	4	Past
These changes , while significant , were concentrated in the elite , and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages .	7	Past
So I checked it out with the U.S. Post Office ( 1-800-238-5355 ) and they confirmed that it is indeed legal !!	2	Past
as well , your male will be able to see that his territory is not threatened .	13	Present
My parents did n't send for my birth certificate until I was 16 and needed it for summer employment .	11	Past
This is possible because we release all of our software under the Open Source GPL license and release our content under a Creative Commons license .	17	Present
Before you buy ANYTHING in NY , make sure you stop by Jack -s first .	2	Present
Robinson said the filing - granted two hours after the request - helped rather than hurt Californians .	15	Past
Rachel Rook took Carroll home to meet her parents two months after she first slept with him .	2	Past
Does your budget limit you to how long you can stay in each place ?	0	Present
87 - Percentage of Humvees in Iraq not equipped with armour capable of stopping AK - 47 rounds and protecting against roadside bombs and landmines at the end of 2003 .	8	Past
However , you can put them in if you want .	9	Present
The title page of the 1594 edition of Titus Andronicus reveals that the play had been acted by three different troupes .	16	Past
Workers who do these introductions look at the interaction objectively ; and it 's good to see they are able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem .	2	Present
( Please visit our newly updated website www.caem.org for more information on the DISCO Forum . )	5	Past
I understand that we are still reviewing the attachment that lists the open transactions .	10	Present
When the passengers climbed aboard again , their clothes felt hairy and the plane was airless .	9	Past
* Offers a 7.5 cent / dth rate to large customers while minimizing rate changes to other customers , minimizing the incentive for these customers to seek to bypass local transmission charges and other CPUC - approved charges . *	36	Past
It was built of horizontal planks , and so badly put together that , as he bent over his high desk , he was barred from neck to heels with narrow strips of sunlight .	23	Past
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar 's property ) .	2	Present
At one time , some thought he had been spotted in Iran .	8	Past
However , the filter settings are retained , so that when you turn autofiltering back on , the data that was previously displayed or hidden is again displayed or hidden .	27	Past
I WAS calling about one board !!	1	Past
I do not want to have to bring them back before they are eight weeks old but they are ruining my apartment .	1	Present
The limestone plateau and the Hagghier Mountains are the richest areas for endemic plant species , but endemics are found throughout the island in every type of vegetation .	7	Present
In fact every once in a while he seems to get ill in one way or another ; and then he bounces back like nothing has happened .	25	Present
In a form or report , the Name property never appears when more than one control is selected because control names must be unique .	17	Past
Goodwyn dutifully notes that Baba Groom did n't remember George telling drunk stories .	6	Past
I have many friends that have laptops bought in the UK that use them here	5	Present
My house was empty and cold .	2	Past
Originally , a proposal was promised for the beginning of last year .	5	Past
I googled Garage Door Repair in Woodinville and found NDI - Johnette answered the phone and was oh - so pleasant and helpful !	8	Past
I got a riding lesson today on one of my boss 's fino horses and it made me realize just how unsteady my left leg is .	16	Past
Right away they told us that it was the same great food with the same prices so off we went .	7	Past
34 - Percentage of Americans who believed in June 2003 that Saddam 's " weapons of mass destruction " had been found .	21	Past
They would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they do n't want 3 people in that small apartment .	11	Past
Of course the paper written by Mr Eichelberger and his Egyptian collaborators states that the purpose of the Nasser seizure of power was " to solve the pressing social and political problems which made the revolution necessary . "	33	Past
Notwithstanding the foregoing two ( 2 ) sentences , if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder , it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor .	12	Present
Sports fans are n't known as patrons of poetry .	2	Present
If the weight is going into your heels ( it throws your leg forward ) put the stirrups up against the heel of your boot .	10	Present
She talks to you at each appointment .	1	Present
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be net tons ( 2000 lbs ) and the quantity shown shall be in net tons per month .	9	Past
After discussions with the commercial group I propose that that redlined language be added to the attached Dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated rate agreements we 've done .	28	Present
Even if you buy a cake in a baker s you can not be too what happens in the kitchen , for example the cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham .	16	Present
She dived under the table to retrieve the bowl and emerged with her face glowing like the setting sun .	14	Present
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Needle has gone to great trouble with the hearing in committee .	10	Past
My pharmacy order is always correct and promptly delivered but the pharmacy staff are always very short with me and do n't seem to like answering questions .	20	Present
This formidable enemy , which gave the Indian army a black eye in the mid-1980s , has been operating in northeastern India and in the Andaman Sea for a long time .	18	Present
But I also see that as a fatal misconception , which is doing Sunnis harm , because I do n't believe the US is going anywhere so soon .	3	Present
ANA used a creative grouping of keywords to target advertising to users specifically interested in traveling and Japanese culture and developed advert creative that resonated with their audience .	13	Past
Balzac 's health was deteriorating by this point , making the completion of this pair of books a significant accomplishment .	3	Past
The cause of this celebration is the 10th anniversary of the Nat Gas futures contract .	5	Present
I expect Craig did n't want Mom to see his place because it was messy .	1	Present
you will need to get his box and bowls , and whatever blanket and toys are his , and smell like home , and put him in a room .	24	Past
Mrs Weasley was clattering around , cooking breakfast a little haphazardly , throwing dirty looks at her sons as she threw sausages into the frying pan .	6	Present
We look forward to what the Commission has to say but I would sound a note of warning .	7	Present
I received this draft from Niagara Mohawk Marketing , Inc. for our review .	1	Past
As they design their web pages for the newer browsers with advanced web technology and geared to the newest web core markup language HTML 5 , they are forced to accommodate older out-of-date technology to support IE6 users .	2	Present
Last week , at least 76 people were killed when the Al-Ghaza Hotel near the Masjid Al-Haram ( Grand Mosque ) collasped , the cause of which is unknown .	21	Past
That share has been rising steadily over the years — only 11 percent of the total vote was cast before Election Day in 1996 , according to the Census Bureau -- and seems likely to jump again this year .	3	Past
`` I say brains is the greater producer of wealth , not oil .	4	Present
The food is superb and they were delivered nice and hot !	2	Present
The team who work there are helpfull , friendly and extremely knowledgeable and will help you as much as they can with thier years of hands on practice .	3	Present
Who 's buying the paper , who 's selling the paper .	1	Present
We must ask ourselves a fundamental question :	1	Present
He had only just reached the upstairs landing when the door bell rang and Uncle Vernon 's furious face appeared at the foot of the stairs .	1	Past
He was a thin man , going bald , but the little hair he had was as red as any of his children 's .	15	Past
In Shakespeare 's late romances , he deliberately returned to a more artificial style , which emphasised the illusion of theatre .	8	Past
" Beijing may end up in a early 1990s Japan situation , where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them . "	14	Present
Not once does he claim to be present at what happens .	2	Present
She continues to help me when needed even if I have a service question .	1	Present
Therefore , I need to know ASAP if there are any problems with the draft as written .	3	Present
However , what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans and attack the ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful Clear and Defend operations .	4	Past
I have purchased over 15 vehicles ( cars , rvs , and boats ) in my lifetime and I have to say the experience with Michael and Barrett Motor Cars of San Antonio was one of the best .	1	Present
On the other hand , the report thinks the news might not be so bad for the North Atlantic fisheries .	7	Present
Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population have been destroyed , with some used as building material and others as urinals .	12	Past
I leave the evening of the 21st , my flight comes in about 10 pm , and leave the morning of the 27th at 6 am .	10	Present
They began to withhold power from California , and on Dec. 7 the ISO declared its first Stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts , which were narrowly averted .	21	Past
BTW you do nt want your leg locked in place , it will move WITH the horse a bit .	7	Past
Ideally , the password you select should be easy for you to remember but hard for someone else to figure out .	5	Present
Disney cruises offer 24 - hour room services , and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like .	12	Present
They do n't show it on RTE Player	1	Present
Authorised by Ariel Sharon to make " unrestricted " strikes , its military launched new missile attacks overnight .	13	Past
Both the Irving Independent School District and the Irving Police Department have asserted that the boy 's religion and name were not a factor in the manner in which they approached the situation .	11	Present
" All of the research and all of the preparation I did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the Soper [ River ] valley where we were canoeing , " Dr. Fortier said .	22	Past
Birds eat and sleep with their flock , not predators .	3	Present
I m getting a dwarf hamster tomorrow and i saw videos on youtube of them escaping and if my hamster escaped because my mom will FREAK OUT !!!	1	Present
i have a Mature male and female they are together a lot but never laid eggs as far as i know can anyone help me figure out how to make them mate	20	Present
In fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .	21	Past
Wish this was in Saratoga --	2	Past
Bray asked , How on earth have you managed ?	1	Past
I have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job # 0000108806 that has become available in your department .	15	Present
When they are just jumping at each other and their tails are wagging that means that they are playing .	17	Present
I think Valerie Mooney ( our credit person ) and Ed Sacks are still discussing some minor fine tuning of the LOC format .	1	Present
Here 's the text of the email :	1	Present
that cuts down on teh wait time , cus u can do other stuff while u r waiting .	1	Present
The listener is challenged to complete the sense .	2	Present
I was n't interested in making either of these sacrifices , as I think the world 's how to manual needs to be high quality AND comprehensive .	3	Past
Neither the facts nor the deformations , the insidious platitudes of the media ( tormenting because the underlying realities are so huge and so terrible ) , can be screened out .	14	Present
My pup has a wonderful temperment and has been a wonderful addition to my family !	8	Past
This is the very best in the Gables .	1	Present
Since the check is in my name , I 'll cash it for you .	3	Present
Raw data is on the fisrt tab of the file to the right .	2	Present
He really knew only some of the people but all of them seemed to know about him , and many were the friends of friends .	2	Past
Then they simply insult their trophy friends when they are n't looking .	9	Present
The mass murder happening right now in Sudan , where the Arab Moslem regime is massacring its black Christian citizens , has nothing to do with Israel .	14	Present
During the War of the First Coalition , light quickly began to be shed upon a young Corsican artillery officer , following the French Revolution : Napoleon Bonaparte .	13	Past
They said good night to each other in the bright slanting sun and the Bayley children were already out on the grass in their pyjamas , riding bicycles .	16	Past
The sun in the garden was burning , dazzling , seizing .	10	Present
She wore a starched white affair on her head , had a wart on one cheek , and silver-rimmed spectacles hung on the tip of her nose .	1	Past
" I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , " Baird said .	2	Present
A blinding sunlight drowned all this at times in a sudden recrudescence of glare .	3	Past
I do n't know if vomiting blood is common with this ailment .	7	Present
<< He could do little during the day , for Murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite Lucas , or Lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness .	16	Past
So I suggest it be assigned to Leon .	5	Past
" He is a person who studies the way people live .	10	Present
The Jihad " soldiers " join packaged death tours to Iraq and other hotspots , while some of their leaders ski in Switzerland .	5	Present
The CIA did not even allow the FBI access to KSM for 10 days after his arrest .	2	Past
Now I was ready to make and to bake – only in my heart , actually – a small , perfect unleavened wafer to eat with my beloved Paschal Lamb .	2	Past
Basil does not tolerate frost so do n't plant too early .	1	Present
He and his master dragged me to my room and held judgment upon me as a convicted traitress .	16	Past
Do you think he 's teething ?	4	Present
This deviation shows that Eco definitely has a significant amount of option value which can be exploited with quick reactions and favourable market movements .	6	Present
Both my grandparents passed away 4 months apart and Mike was very understanding .	10	Past
There are no clearly defined rules governing the sharing of responsibility .	6	Present
Aside from the excellent transportation infrastructure that was completed in time for the 2004 Olympics ( from new freeways to light rail systems ) , the city 's historic center underwent serious renovation .	8	Past
My perspective is entirely based on what I see , on what I read and on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years .	22	Past
not that they ever made an effort .	4	Past
The South retaliated by firing dozens of rounds of artillery into the north .	2	Past
We shall therefore look into it properly to ensure that everything is as it should be .	14	Past
The noise outside had ceased , and presently in going out I stopped at the door .	4	Past
Filter settings are retained when you move or remove a field .	3	Past
It is genetic and the child needs to get the gene from both parents to turn into a vegetable instead of a thinking child .	6	Present
Many people want to use diplomacy with Iran rather than military pressure .	2	Present
But now that the scene was taking place , he felt quite disappointed , even angry .	10	Past
The heat was heightened by drink and animation and the glass filled by the long , narrow black hand of his neighbour was marked by the fingerprints of the white woman who had relinquished it .	22	Past
If you 're a chronic procrastinator , you know the pain and stress that comes with putting things off .	2	Present
He said it was the same tire , and verified this , after checking both the actual tire on my car and my service papers from earlier in the week .	9	Past
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]	11	Past
I will not eat halal meat , so guess what , I opted for foods which were n't a meat dish , there were plenty of other options .	16	Past
Restaurant on top was renovated , food was decent , price was way to high for Duluth for quality , new decor seems tacky	3	Past
This is a sine-qua-non , and it would seem unnecessary to keep stressing it .	12	Present
Twinkle Twinkle lazy star Kitna soyega uthja yaar , up above the world so high , sun has risen in the sky , uthke jaldi pee le chai , then call me up and say " HI "	18	Past
Quinn was no longer that part of him that could write books , and although in many ways Quinn continued to exist , he no longer existed for anyone but himself .	26	Past
I have known this guy for a long time , but we 've never been good friends or anything .	12	Present
I have already submitted my resume and cover letter right after the talk .	1	Present
The moment they know the de-gnoming 's going on they storm up to have a look .	6	Present
mm it depends on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him in .. atleast as far as i 'm concerned .	23	Present
The long awaited relief you 've needed in your love life is around the corner , and by the end of the year you will feel much clearer about your partnerships in general .	2	Past
Last time I got a medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled her easily .	8	Past
“ I had it done when I was little and see , you ca n’t even tell . ”	4	Past
Very affordable ( do n't call it cheap ) and their trimmers were quick and courteous when I got home from work .	12	Past
They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they " do as they wilt . "	15	Present
If you are moving the line towards the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows smaller .	28	Present
You do not need to call the embassies to get professional advice .	1	Present
What I saw was dozens of school buses submerged that could have been used to evacuate people who had no transportation .	13	Past
Since they knew our preferences , we almost always went along with their menu suggestions and were never sorry we did .	9	Past
If Abbas does not change his former thinking and continues the path of Yasser Arafat , then there will not be peace in the Holy Land and the Palestinians will ultimately suffer .	2	Present
yeah , i was thinking somewhere like mcdonald 's .	4	Present
they just do it on their own .	2	Present
We hire educated , nice people .	2	Past
It 's never ok to let a customer walk out unhappy , especially when they are right .	1	Present
Our fence was installed quickly in August and they had their money and left saying " Workmanship is guaranteed for a year ! " .	18	Past
We are staying at a hotel in Center City Philadelphia so I wanted something close .	1	Present
He checked out what I needed to have done told me what needed be fixed before he did any work and did great repair work .	12	Past
She is just being friendly in public because she does not want to offend you and she treats you like any other friend .	1	Present
It s simply not just a case of avoiding pork , alcohol and only being allowed to eat halal prepared meat , but the kitchen and its utensils should not have been used for prohibited foods .	15	Past
For example , the Weatherspoon Art Museum at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro saw attendance levels reach 11,000 visitors when it exhibited its Warhol collection in 2010 , according to curator Elaine Gustafon .	23	Past
I was amazed .	1	Past
Then , reaching into one of his coat pockets , he would remove a red notebook – similar to Quinn 's but smaller – and write in it with great concentration for a minute or two .	2	Present
Highly recommended .	1	Past
She seemed to know all about them and about me too .	1	Past
If using a t-shirt to strain , be sure fabric softener or a dryer sheet had not been used with it , lets you get some extra ( unwanted ) flavoring ( and potentially toxic chemicals ) .	18	Past
I think compared to my house , he 's embarrased about his apartment .	1	Present
" In Argentina , beef is revered , respected , and praised .	11	Past
Adidas is helping to clean up the Earth 's oceans by using the waste floating around the world to make shoes .	2	Present
Just last night we were saying we 'd come and get you ourselves if you had n't written back to Ron by Friday .	5	Present
After a series of economic setbacks , health problems , and prohibitions from the Tsar , the couple were finally able to wed .	18	Past
Despite Sept. 11 , the United States still supports the Kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez Musharraf happy .	8	Present
“ Freeloaders drive systemic evolution , ” you find yourself saying .	8	Present
Feel free to cut and paste and leave your comments , as these viewpoints cover the entire gamut surrounding the event .	14	Present
And what did we expect ... that he bench test every part .	2	Past
yet again it was a great stay from begiinning to end .	3	Past
No Russian - speaking refugees from eastern Ukraine or Crimea have fled into Russia , and no Russian - speaker has sought political asylum anywhere else outside the country .	20	Present
Oh , I 'd love to get Lucius Malfoy for something	3	Past
When you select one or more items in the filter field , the data that 's displayed and calculated in the entire PivotTable view changes to reflect those items .	2	Present
My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth , so I will be heading that way on Monday .	2	Present
Thin translucent shadows move across her — the shadows of the neosilk-and-nanotube filaments that hang the city from the hundreds of five-kilometer-high towers that encircle it .	14	Present
I am prepared to believe it .	1	Present
PS -- There is a happy hour tonight at Scudeiros on Dallas Street ( just west of the Met Garage ) beginning around 5:00 .	3	Present
" Calculation of Floating Amount : The Floating Amount payable by [ ENA ] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows :	20	Past
I 'm assuming this was in reference to the January earthquake , do n't worry , it was very deep , so nothing was effected :)	1	Present
Basil does best in well-drained soil , and should not be subjected to standing water .	11	Past
For the proof is that we still read the book .	3	Present
I am pleased with the service that i get at Luxe .	1	Present
It was just like Marlow . It was accepted in silence .	8	Past
The Polaroids were all donated by the Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program , according to Kristen Wilkins , assistant professor of photography and curator of the exhibit .	4	Past
what do you think ?	1	Present
Coron is in the province of Palawan , Philippines on Busuanga Island .	1	Present
In Balzac Ewelina found a kindred spirit for her emotional and social desires , with the added benefit of feeling a connection to the glamorous capital of France .	16	Past
Bird and butterfly watchers are seeing many , many new species coming up from Mexico and the Caribbean . "	5	Present
Both students of Goffredo Petrassi , Ennio Morricone and Bruno Nicolai met at the Santa ( Saint ) Cecelia conservatory .	11	Past
It will be interesting to see whether or not Google will finally slay the Microsoft Goliath , who has known no major defeat and seeks to vanquish all competition .	19	Past
And , together we formed this thing , it 's sort of like an entertainment team .	9	Present
If momma ain't happy , nobody ain't happy .	2	Present
My foot is covering approximately 300 miles of mycelium .	2	Present
Ok so i spoke to the vet and he said the give him white rice and boiled chicken but only a little at a time .	3	Past
Just wanted you to know that Eric came by as scheduled today and sprayed our house for scorpions .	7	Past
From 1918 to 1939 , international economic cooperation was hard to come by – in large part because all of the attempted deals were put together at high - profile international conferences .	24	Past
" There 's a lot of impact on plants and they say , ' Who cares ? '	15	Present
Common room was comfortable and clean , very good room to read or relax . –	2	Past
Export the data schema using XML Schema standard ( XSD ) .	4	Present
" Rode from Ramlah to Lydda , " Herman Melville wrote in his travel journal of 1857 .	10	Past
I mentioned it to my boss and she said to start doing yoga .	8	Past
I 'm talking soaking all the litter box and then some .	1	Present
The Hong Kong government , which is led by pro-Beijing lawmakers , have argued that the pair should not take office .	6	Present
Artists reach people at their heart ; it ’s the only time we meet in one place and put our differences aside .	18	Present
Travel to the Nicobar Islands is forbidden to non-Indians , and they are also not allowed in some parts of South Andaman Island .	15	Past
Shorts and sleeveless shirts are highly inappropriate , as are short skirts .	9	Present
I listen carefully , closely , more closely than I 've ever listened in my life , utterly attentive , but I often feel that I have dropped into a shoreless sea .	26	Present
I have been shopping there for over six years now .	1	Present
( I 've even had a pair of killies leave eggs on a floating thermometer !	4	Past
The results from this experiment provides further support that rocket seeds can be flown and stored on the International Space Station for six months without having any significant impacts on their ability to germinate and grow on Earth .	5	Present
We all regret that the European Committee for Standardisation ( CEN ) has not been able , in the required time , to carry out the amendment of the provisions necessary for the required harmonisation within the European Union .	2	Present
$ 5.87 - Amount allocated per person in New York City .	4	Past
3 - Number of companies that control the US voting technology market .	6	Present
The young were mostly dead , and the old men had been taken away , they told us , to learn important new things and to come back when they were ready to contribute fully .	16	Past
I do n't suppose he 's going to turn up for the honour of standing in the crowd and waving a flag , eh ?	19	Present
and their gpa was better than mine ....	3	Past
One of these papers , written by Eichelberger himself , was translated into Arabic , " commented upon by members of Nasser 's staff , translated back into English for Eichelberger 's benefit . "	11	Past
China will purchase 250 million tons of liquefied natural gas from Iran over the next 30 years , will develop the massive Yadavaran oil field in Iran , and will receive 150,000 barrels of oil per day from that field .	7	Past
My father was a young man , thirty-five , younger because he liked to be outside , to play softball on Saturday and to take my mother and me camping on vacation .	12	Past
And when they come back , too ? I asked .	9	Past
If the button is not selected , selecting new items to filter automatically turns filtering on and removes your former filter settings .	13	Present
The taxpayer who has to pay for it , the smaller undertakings and species-friendly stock rearing all fall by the wayside .	15	Present
Hope you 're doing good .	3	Present
Its light was dim , and a heavy writing-desk squatted in the middle .	9	Past
It had listed that there was a hot breakfast but all this meant is that they added a waffle maker to the common continental affair at most cheap hotels .	13	Present
fyi ... it sound like Bobby is in serious condition .	6	Present
Unfortunately for them , the general has decided to take seriously Colin Powell 's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the Indians made conciliatory gestures toward Islamabad .	6	Present
But this is what he says about civet cats :	5	Present
In his mind , he caught a glimpse of the blue map on the wall and the sunlight pouring through the window , so like the sunlight that surrounded him now .	5	Past
So-o-o ! he exclaimed .	3	Past
On Saturday , Wikinews interviewed Tina McKenzie , a former member of the Australia women 's national wheelchair basketball team , known as the Gliders .	21	Past
Bush came out today and said that if he had known what was coming , he would have expended every effort to stop it , and that so would have Clinton .	9	Past
The act of moving from one place to another seemed to require all his attention , as though not to think of what he was doing would reduce him to immobility .	3	Present
On the other hand though , if I 'm a client he should really of called back by now because you do n't leave a customer hanging .	15	Past
He is renowned for his multifaceted characters , who are morally ambiguous .	1	Present
Certainly the affair was too stupid – when I think of it – to be altogether natural .	3	Past
When we walked in , the person behind desk said : " oh well , you must wait , I am in the middle of something . "	2	Past
But that ’s another question .	2	Present
Our fence was installed quickly in August and they had their money and left saying " Workmanship is guaranteed for a year ! " .	9	Past
In the fuss to find somewhere to sit he saw the light of the fire under the spit running along the shiny planes of the woman 's face as it did on glasses and the movement of knives and forks .	30	Past
The thing is , you still get high quality service at nicely discounted rates !	2	Present
A package of reforms has been agreed .	5	Past
I see this proposal as establishing some sort of precedent .	1	Present
The gift itself was exactly as described and pictured in the catalogue and of the highest standard .	8	Past
You are right , we do need a formal plan , Thane has started an initial draft .	13	Past
Education during the Renaissance was mainly composed of ancient literature and history as it was thought that the classics provided moral instruction and an intensive understanding of human behavior .	15	Past
Imaginary evil is romantic and varied ; real evil is gloomy , monotonous , barren , boring .	2	Present
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	1	Present
Do n't you think it 's time we talked ?	5	Present
President Bush has always said that working for Blount was the reason he transferred to the Alabama Air National Guard .	13	Past
Could this be what you r referencing ?	6	Present
They grabbed what they could get for the sake of what was to be got .	14	Past
That pollution was money to that community , and those people dealt with the pollution and absorbed it into their skin and into their bodies because they needed the money .	11	Past
I am speaking for the first time in this plenary part - session , so this is quite exciting for me , a little like first love , although that did last longer than two minutes .	30	Past
The thousands of cosplay outfits on parade around the various halls offered a tremendous cross-section of genres and eras of pop culture .	11	Past
Thank You Barry s Auto Tech !	0	Present
Although it is highly built up , Fort Lee also houses many playing fields and recreational parks as well as bike and running trails .	2	Present
If you move the line upward , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line below remains constant , and the perpendicular line above the moving line contracts .	30	Present
The BBC is not responsible for the content of this e-mail , and anything written in this e-mail does not necessarily reflect the BBC 's views or opinions .	18	Present
Many people at Enron already have this type of chair , but we rarely , if ever , have a surplus because they are so popular .	23	Present
Rathbun stated ,	1	Past
I now understand that someone at ENA / Enron Mexico / Enron Wholesale has signed an EPC contract with ABB for this project .	13	Present
Now that he had embarked on the Stillman case , he felt that a new notebook was in order .	4	Past
But like i said nothing ever came of It .. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up ..	24	Past
His superior officers said OK .	3	Past
" The hardest blow on Americans , " concluded Roberts , " will fall when China does revalue its currency .	16	Present
You have requested a debate on this subject in the course of the next few days , during this part - session .	2	Past
My sister in law told me about this amazing new crepe place in town , I was so excited I just wanted to go and test it out for my self !	21	Past
I love how it really depends on how good a horse your horse really is , not how talented he is .	20	Present
In this view , America 's ingenuity represents its true comparative advantage , which others strive to imitate .	7	Present
shorts are primarily worn by laborers and schoolchildren .	1	Present
If there are any objections you need to get back to me ASAP .	2	Present
A few minutes after I left , I was called and informed that " I " left my wheel lock ( which they should have left in the car ) .	16	Past
Radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr said the attack was " criminal " and that " the Zionists have left only one choice for the Arabs , that of fighting and jihad " .	10	Past
Progressive Mérida had electric trams and street lights before Mexico City .	2	Past
It is always good to stick to a formal intense meditation practice like the one for beginners described in the MP3 file that follows after the visualisations .	23	Present
The Transaction is for hot rolled steel with a thickness of 1 " and a width of 72 inches .	5	Past
You need a lot of money for hotels , airfare , seeing the sites , food , local transport - you name it but life costs .	25	Present
( b ) Is it right that Enron has 3 sets of bad faith proceedings in Texas ?	8	Present
His plays remain highly popular today and are constantly studied , performed , and reinterpreted in diverse cultural and political contexts throughout the world .	14	Past
Also how much do compact system cameras drop on boxing day ?	3	Present
Let me know what you think of this property .	5	Present
Tangipahoa Parish sheriff 's deputy Christopher Blair Labat , 24 , was booked Tuesday on one count of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature .	12	Past
i 've seen that ....... that does not help me at all it says what cubism influenced not what influnced cubism	6	Present
He reports that the Iraqi Islamic Party , which had earlier been absolutely committed to getting out the Sunni vote , is now wavering and saying their position will depend on the situation .	21	Present
I do n't believe that folks who believe that America is the land of opportunity will change their views from this recent news .	7	Present
It 's all the same thing .	1	Present
But how long it will take for governments to act is a wide-open question .	10	Present
When they sound off , it is a true audio / visual experience .	6	Present
The stocks referred to in paragraph 1 shall be deducted from the quantity exceeding the normal carryover of stocks .	7	Present
Flip-flops , hiking sandals , and clog-type shoes are usually a good pragmatic choice for traveling in Thailand ;	8	Present
All horses I 've had delivered to me since then are happy and healthy when they arrive .	10	Present
Being hungry , you know , and kept on my feet too , I was getting savage .	4	Present
Unlike that of the 28th of October , Mr. Comey 's letter has hardly been commented upon .	15	Past
It is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of George Harrison , who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him .	27	Past
Neither of them had written to him all summer , even though Ron had said he was going to ask Harry to come and stay .	16	Past
The Mets bring the corners in for a force at home , or maybe they can get the double play if it 's hit up the middle .	22	Present
The numbers indicate that in his first four years , Bush not only showed up , he showed up a lot .	17	Past
Back outside on the marble steps , they all separated .	9	Past
If you do add all the entities , does that mean that we would not need to put in place a separate agreement for ECCL ?	8	Present
The theory I present in the essay is that he is actually a combination of four different people .	7	Present
If I had to take over the English-language services tomorrow , you know what I 'd have to do it with a bunch of Lambala and speakers from the vernacular sections and some refugee school-teachers from South Africa .	15	Past
The anger has spread throughout the Muslim world , including Iraq .	2	Present
They 're our favorite pizza place to order from ... and they 're a local , family owned company !	17	Past
It 's fantastic that they got the Paris Agreement but their contributions at the moment are nowhere near the 1.5 - degree target .	1	Present
When he started out his poems were about beating drums , and blow , bugle , blow .	12	Present
In all my travels I ’ve never seen anything like it and am often met with an odd look when I explain them to foreigners .	21	Present
So they are 3 times larger than us and they have all the oil in the world .	2	Present
However , in April 2001 , the IAEA published Fifteen Years after the Chernobyl Accident - Lessons learned . which contradict the earlier reports .	17	Past
The RHS collected comments sent in by schoolchildren and teachers involved in the experiment .	2	Past
the bird must know that when you open the cage door it means that you will put him in the cage , and birds do n't usually like cages .	24	Present
I am doing a project and need to know what kind food Argentina people eat for breakfast , lunch , and dinner .	1	Present
But standards of living might have been raised even more if all of this innovative talent had been allocated to more fundamental research – or even to more applied research that could have led to new products .	31	Past
However , the situation is rapidly changing now with Łódź campaigning and redesigning itself as an up-and-coming destination .	6	Present
I heard that more may be going up for sale in the next month or do .	6	Present
Handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of KSM , Al Qaeda 's # 3 , included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed the recruitment of necessary expertise .	7	Past
Finally , the amendment tabled by the rapporteur is perfectly logical and I can , therefore , give it my wholehearted support .	8	Present
When Dando 's opinion of someone was really low he did not seem to hear his name .	10	Past
This is also important where the prerequisites for the internal market are concerned .	11	Present
Also notice the entity &amp;apos; which will be transformed to an apostrophe when the data is imported by the receiving application .	8	Past
In the current study , those respondents who indicated more than one race were coded as “ mixed race ” .	8	Past
My spirits recovered , and as soon as I had got into my habit , I followed him to the garden I have already told about .	10	Past
Sheikh Naji Al - Abbudi , a spokesman for Sistani , affirmed the claims that the Grand Ayatollah is backing the United Iraqi Coalition list .	19	Present
( Kut is in southeastern Iraq and has an overwhelmingly Shiite population , who are on the lookout for Baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .	2	Present
You do n't want to spend more than $ 20 and yet you have an expensive hobby like riding horses ?	13	Present
she told me that after friday and saturday she felt i was slowly regressing .	11	Past
Do they have this anywhere ?	0	Present
[ Note : The interview took place just before the 50000 milestone was met ]	12	Past
Reach the right people at the right time .	0	Present
At this time we are putting together small working groups to validate some of our assumptions and refine our initial service offerings .	5	Present
The noise outside had ceased , and presently in going out I stopped at the door .	12	Past
This message was cancelled from within Mozilla .	3	Past
I had my horse transported from CA to WA and he came on this big , open stock trailer .	1	Past
I add that in because there have been some people who have tried to claim citizenship by sending for their birth certificate when they were never really born in Canada or to Canadian parents .	11	Present
But if finance continues to take a disproportionate number of the best and the brightest , there could be little British manufacturing left by 2050 , and even fewer hi-tech firms than today .	17	Past
I interrupted him again .	1	Past
In the mean time , we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future costs .	12	Present
I posted what the owner as said in paragraph 2 & 3 , that is not me to clarify .	14	Present
The stunning mosques of Isfahan are among the most beautiful and interesting in the world .	5	Present
for 2005 another 18 actions are intended by the Member States and the Commission .	6	Past
We 're right now using an automated microscope that we developed several years ago for nuclear astrophysics work to scan the collector in the Cosmic Dust Lab in Building 31 at Johnson Space Center .	4	Present
22 - Number of hours prisoners were handcuffed , shackled , and made to wear surgical masks , earmuffs , and blindfolds during their flight to Guantanamo .	9	Past
Is it better to book a cruise online or by a travel agent ?	0	Present
There was a scrubbed wooden table and chairs in the middle and Harry sat down on the edge of his seat , looking around .	22	Present
They already are altering their patterns of behavior in response to what is happening .	12	Present
Articles in peer-reviewed academic journals including Social Science & Medicine have characterized homeopathy as a form of quackery .	10	Present
At first , it looked as though Uncle Vernon would manage to gloss the whole thing over ( Just our nephew – very disturbed meeting strangers upsets him , so we kept him upstairs )	31	Past
On call , it takes a day to get our issues resolved .	11	Past
I was there when they did a free raffle in August and I won a hard drive !	5	Past
" This is a disaster for pain patients , " Mailis said in an interview Thursday with CBC News .	2	Present
Here 's a story ... as I was waiting at the bus stop ( 7:35 am ) to go to school , a lady approached me and asked if I 'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus .	35	Past
I think this office has some serious billing practice issues !	1	Present
" I find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world 's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as " good news , " Gore said .	32	Past
Apart from these there are numerous cabs that ferry passengers between Sector - 37 crossing and Pari Chowk .	4	Present
NASA celebrated the launch of the first space shuttle Tuesday at an event at the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) in Cape Canaveral , Florida .	1	Past
He exchanged dark looks with his wife , Petunia .	1	Past
according to the vet , he is healthy and looks good .	6	Present
Attached are the gas settlement and support for May .	1	Present
We are , after all , in this together .	1	Present
Balzac revised obsessively , covering printer 's proofs with changes and additions to be reset .	1	Past
As the evaluation report also mentions ( p. 14 ) that the organisation of Pericles actions covered all the areas relevant to the protection of the euro :	16	Past
The prestigious IAEA ( International Atomic Energy Agency ) published an early report on Chernobyl which was based on information from Russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects .	9	Past
But do they know what they have heard ?	6	Present
Yet here you sit at dinner with charming people in a dining room like any other .	3	Present
I would be interested in hearing what conclusions you reached and what you found that was most convincing .	13	Past
Everything is always cooked fresh and tastes fresh .	3	Past
Can I create a joint Facebook account or share a Facebook account with someone else ?	8	Present
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency says some crops may have higher yields with increased levels of carbon dioxide .	13	Past
Once Bet was asleep it was impossible to wake her up .	5	Past
As described in US News , a former reporter from the Kabul Times actually may have met Sufaat , without realizing it , while traveling near Kabul in October 2001 , perceiving him as Filipino .	16	Past
Hang on – this has n't got anything to do with Vol – sorry – with You Know Who , has it ?	20	Present
The clock on the wall opposite him had only one hand and no numbers at all .	7	Past
They talk down to you like they are supreme beings , if you hate your job so much then quit !!	13	Present
You have always been on the move seeking affectionate , satisfying and harmonious relationships .	1	Present
I did an overnight in a home stay that was sweet and the water market was wonderful .	15	Past
I 'm writing an essay for school and I need to know if the iPhone was the first Smart Phone .	15	Past
I assume this is 12:30 Central Time ?	3	Present
Are you okay with that ?	0	Present
Are you still chasing that ?	0	Present
he claimed to have once worked for 48 hours with only three hours of rest in the middle .	1	Past
They sit by the gates asking alms , then whine avoidance of them &amp; horror .	5	Present
This tactic of letters is not merely the modus operandi of these militant islamists inspired by Zawahiri , it is their signature .	4	Present
Some 2,000 junior officers of the old Baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months , something Chalabi would have blocked if he could have .	9	Present
The luggage was not waiting at the flag-draped and bunting-swathed entrance , where a picture of a huge Roman emperor Mweta , in a toga , smiled as he did in the old photograph of the Gala village football team .	2	Past
On 3 November , NASA administrator Michael Griffin told the US house science committee that the agency expects to invest about $ 500 million in the commercial cargo and crew project over five years .	17	Present
They were playing Captain Ahab to Saddam 's great white whale .	1	Past
The Islamic citizens who have settled since the beginning of the 1960s emigrated primarily from Turkey .	4	Present
I never felt worried and walked away satisfied .	2	Past
If you are located in London , Calgary , Toronto , Omaha , New York , Portland ( ENA ) or Houston , you can access the live event at http://home.enron.com/employeemeeting .	3	Past
Once upon a time ( in 2001 , to be specific ) , the Coca - Cola corporation built a bottling plant in a small and remote Indian village in the state of Kerala .	18	Past
Snowman would jump the high fencing that separated the two properties and always return to where he felt was home .	7	Past
I considered just leaving after going inside and nearly did .	9	Past
I believe that the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the common fisheries policy and a proposal to subvert it would be legally inadmissible .	8	Present
It is my understanding that some rock will be removed and replaced with siding .	1	Present
An analysis of 65 bird species in the United Kingdom shows about one - third are laying their eggs four to seven days earlier than they did 25 years ago .	15	Present
If they 're going kinda slow and like fake biting ( not biting as hard as they can ) , and fake scratching ( not hitting as hard as they can with their paws ) then they 're playing .	38	Present
Prior to the ruling , the religion was banned from conducting public worship at archeological sites by the Greek Ministry of Culture .	7	Past
We 're gearing up for our 2001 / 02 recruiting campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and what can be improved in our process .	27	Past
I 've had to pester this new guy several times to ask when my table will arrive .	2	Past
Pettigrew was hailed by someone , and Bray and the woman were left facing each other like the dancers ;	12	Past
Travelled to Delhi twice and stayed there twice .	5	Past
i have over 40 corns , kings , and milks and have never had a problem with the UTH system .	13	Past
The formalin is great for preserving structures , but for anemones , it prevents study of DNA or of the chemistry of the body .	13	Present
In its communication , the Commission has presented some proposals for greater consistency between regional policy and competition policy in the EU .	7	Past
The article by Thompson assumes that the Maya were ultimately “ peaceful ” people since they lacked apparent defenses .	16	Past
In 2012 , she was made a Dame by Elizabeth II for services to architecture , and in 2015 she became the first and only woman to be awarded the Royal Gold Medal from the Royal Institute of British Architects .	4	Past
This not only ensures the lifeboats are operational and will work if needed , but makes the crew proficient at launching them .	6	Present
Moving information across the Internet and between software applications has always been difficult due to differences in data formats and proprietary structures .	0	Present
Before the phones went , I was told [ my family in Biloxi ] had lost their roof , barn , 2 oak trees and many pines and they were letting in water	15	Past
Here 's a Miami Herald interview with the relaxed terrorist and former CIA operative in a luxury condo , published yesterday .	19	Past
As of March 28 , 2003 , he was in a hospital for a cardiac problem and had been granted " pre-arrest bail . "	18	Past
If mistaken , how did those reports first come about ?	4	Past
I wish I had you as my dentist early on in my life - maybe my teeth would have been a lot better then they are now , However I am glad you are my dentist now .	25	Present
Thank you or your feed back .	0	Present
Neither one of us had ever been - so we thought we 'd try it .	10	Past
The Osage Trail is a rails-to-trails route that begins at the OSU-Tulsa campus and travels north 15 miles to Skiatook .	3	Present
$ 46 m - Amount the Bush administration has budgeted for port security in 2005 .	9	Past
While we anticipate many new Analysts joining Enron this summer ( late May ) and fulltime ( August ) we felt it necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an Off - Cycle Recruiting event .	20	Past
In other places , it may mean increasing women 's access to markets , or introducing labor - saving tools to help them get the highest yield from their land .	5	Present
However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .	18	Past
Harry washed his hands and bolted down his pitiful supper .	1	Past
the service is quick .	2	Present
People were arriving , and the younger one was walking back and forth introducing them .	2	Present
The deals are listed below .	2	Present
The events of last week - which originated outside the Conference of Presidents , that Conference being used simply to corroborate and ratify decisions taken elsewhere - present us with a dilemma .	27	Present
Have you had interaction with " new readers ' through your Mets work ?	0	Present
Shake occasionally so the flavour mixes well .	5	Present
Justin , I have no knowledge of any bad faith actins Enron has pending in Texas but I will call Richard Sanders who manages domestic litgation here .	3	Present
When I found out them came up with the Nook Tablet , I was pretty disappointed though , because I bought my Nook color for the same darn price !	5	Past
After you are elected in 2004 , what will your memoirs say about you , what will the title be , and what will the main theme say ?	2	Present
It looks as if NASA is transitioning away from the shuttle model , as in the past they have proven to be quite dangerous as Columbia has recently proved .	18	Present
We do n't need another incident as exploring the cosmos is something that keeps our imagination going as a species .	1	Present
He handed it to Auster . You see , he said .	7	Present
* Adopts guidelines to improve reliability and help moderate prices in gas commodity markets , and identifies the capital projects needed to meet these guidelines over the course of the GA II period ( 2003 - 2007 ) . *	16	Present
The cost will change monthly and the price is expected to rise in winter as usage increases .	8	Present
I did not go near my father but kept my hand in my pocket , feeling the soft leather glove .	1	Past
Got some nice " freshly baked " fruit squares , a personal favorite of mine .	5	Past
Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today .	3	Present
If you do n't mind mixed flavors , you can just skip this step altogether .	5	Past
It was one of the worst World Cups we 've played actually .	10	Past
We need to change the Prod Description fro the LME Product .	1	Present
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar 's property ) .	1	Present
" Like many Texans , I am disappointed with NASA 's decision to slight the Johnson Space Center as a permanent home for one of the Space Shuttle Orbiters .	6	Present
The receptionist of " Hand made " , the former film making company of George Harrison said : " we do n't have any relation with that man anymore and we do n't want to know anything about him " .	16	Past
As soon as the trays are removed , the Hasidim block the aisles with their Minchah service , rocking themselves and stretching their necks upward .	6	Past
For this question I do n't know the ' preparedness ' of the Indian gov't to deal with this .	4	Present
But because we do n't want to sound hateful we must pretend everyone 's a possible suspect and make airline travel more miserable than it 's ever been .	3	Present
Surgery visit timings were always made to suit me and not them and they gave me the feeling that I mattered and was important to them .	5	Past
I believe it is workable , though it may be somewhat complicated .	1	Present
It seems he could not make bricks without something , I do n't know what – straw maybe .	1	Present
It is the most common tumour found in babies , occurring in one of every 35,000 births .	6	Past
The mycelium infuses all landscapes , it holds soils together , it 's extremely tenacious .	7	Present
The EU is an inspiring political structure that seeks to break the mold of the nineteenth - century nation - state .	8	Present
Well it took us a while to find one that we liked .	11	Past
I 'm not sure where her first name is from ...	8	Present
When they were 18 or 19 , many of them decided to come back to Iraq and fill the ranks of the youngest Mujahedeen generation .	2	Past
Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress , Risk 2001 Australia , which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001 .	29	Present
Gazing out across the valley and then calmly at him , she had her look of wanting to find out exactly what they were talking about .	0	Present
To prove that he was not a self-obsessed ingrate , he began to question Auster about his writing .	17	Present
Based on how CRRA reacts , I would make an ultimate determination if the agreement needs to be attached to the LOI .	0	Past
Biographers suggest that his career may have begun any time from the mid-1580s to just before Greene 's remarks .	1	Present
My neighbourhood has been surrounded by American troops for three days now , helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop .	16	Present
The problem is that the civilized world is still having illusions about the rule of law in a totally lawless environment .	9	Present
I think that you understand that your largest and smallest golden wonders are males .	4	Present
I was told management would call me back but still waiting for that call .	2	Past
The passionate beginning , the long openness and understanding between them should have meant that she would know what he wanted .	13	Past
There were rumors that a very important station was in jeopardy , and its chief , Mr. Kurtz , was ill .	19	Past
Egypt had a role to play as they convinced Hamas to end the attacks , although the same can not be said of Islamic Jihad .	1	Past
It would be , he said , without taking notice of my irritation , ' interesting for science to watch the mental changes of individuals , on the spot , but ...	8	Present
Hens make excellent mothers as they are bigger , can see better , and are smarter the Silkies .	14	Present
By April of '71 the Dow had climbed back to 950 , only to fall to 869 in February of '72 .	6	Past
What Harry found most unusual about life at Ron 's , however , was n't the talking mirror or the clanking ghoul : it was the fact that everybody there seemed to like him .	30	Past
We have not received access to this information which has resulted so far in additional electric cost of $ 200,987.33 for the period of July through September .	3	Past
It is particularly important in the light of reports in the media that Europe is rapidly losing ground to the US in the hi-tech growth industries of the future .	1	Present
Until now Pakistan has not facilitated such a return and clearly it can not happen until there is both a pull from Kabul and a push from Islamabad .	5	Past
This is called " bolting " and is more likely to happen when there 's extra sunshine .	2	Past
i knew someone in college who had one and i loved it .	1	Past
I mostly deals with dating advice	2	Present
Mrs Weasley and Ginny were going to a second-hand robe shop . Mr Weasley was insisting on taking the Grangers off to the Leaky Cauldron for a drink .	14	Past
When we adopt the Minutes for today 's sitting tomorrow , then any Members who think the positions have not been explained clearly enough may ask for amendments .	18	Present
Once the Office Web Components are installed , users who have access to an Office 2002 license will be able to interact with and make changes to the components .	5	Present
I really enjoyed reading it .	2	Past
A quick question : we have n't received your invoice for the last few model / paper reviews .	5	Present
Do you shoot an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another , always surrounded by children ?	15	Past
Montalvo had read an article in the Scientology propaganda publication Freedom Magazine , which attacked high-ranking defectors from the organization including Tom Devocht and Mark Rathbun .	2	Past
The Commission , however , though bound to issue guidelines , does so only reluctantly and in a vague manner .	11	Present
Joyce is a farmer who grows bananas , vegetables , and maize on a small plot of land in rural Tanzania .	5	Present
Well , said Fred , put it this way – house-elves have got powerful magic of their own , but they ca n't usually use it without their master 's permission .	12	Past
The other Canadian recipient of the medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford , 42 , of Hamilton , who was killed Aug. 4 , 2002 , while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife .	7	Past
Thus kaoshikii is a blossoming of the microcosm ( unit being ) in its attempt to attain a link with the Macrocosm ( Cosmic Consciousness ) .	2	Present
Do n't even get me started on how expensive it is to drink there .	10	Present
When a truckle-bed with a sick man ( some invalided agent from up-country ) was put in there , he exhibited a gentle annoyance .	14	Past
You can also choose whether you want to use an existing connection file or create a new one .	6	Present
Every joke has a “ target , ” which is what the joke is about .	9	Present
Supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening , but I 'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal .	4	Present
Russia announced a suspension of the contract at the beginning of October .	1	Past
Do I need a protein skimmer or any other equipment ?	0	Present
It takes only one bite from a disease - carrying mosquito to transmit a debilitating or deadly infection – and mosquitoes breed and multiply with astonishing speed .	1	Present
Further to your call attached is a presentation I gave at the Canadian Risk Managers Conference in Edmonton in the fall of 2000 .	4	Past
Had a horrible experience with a manager here , Rachel McInnis , she was rude , inconsiderate and did not do the right thing for an item that was marked incorrectly ...	0	Past
The doctor begs them to stop intermarrying but they say they have to keep the blood pure .	11	Present
It was a tournament that I wish we 'd actually gone back to more often .	10	Past
As long as you tell people what you are going to do , he reasoned , it does n't matter .	4	Present
The climate is so dry that these plains are sometimes thought of as part of the Sahara .	2	Present
" Marcel Proust similarly learned from the Realist example ;	4	Past
When are we going to get NetMeeting going ?	3	Present
Undersecretary for Education Mr. Toccafondi says " many schools will increase their fees or they will quit . Then the State will have to find new resources to build new structures and manage them " ( ( it ) ) .	5	Present
I would recommend Bayside Chiropractic to anyone who is in need of a regular adjustment or is suffering from a chronic condition .	17	Present
Al - Qaeda in Afghanistan was a group of only a few hundred " Afghan Arabs " who pledged personal loyalty to Usamah Bin Laden .	18	Past
all know that after the end of the year they 'll be on contract , and that means they 'll be replaced in three years .	17	Present
South Korea had recently started to broadcast propaganda from loudspeakers after an 11-year lull .	4	Past
Linda Robertson says they should be charged to Jim Steffes ' cost center , etc .	6	Past
Saying that I need to give him my address or else I have intimacy issues is not helpful .	15	Present
Cheapest surgeons work out of some small clinic and do not have the skills you are looking for . .	15	Present
Hope you will be sorted .	0	Present
Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter to chapter .	11	Past
PS. Love the new website !	1	Present
It was a natural thing , but I never coined myself as ' The Mets Poet . '	9	Past
What you have read in the internet is fairly accurate but of course it does not fit all scenarios .	3	Past
While Schauble 's strategy may sound appealing , it is , at best , the symbolic garb of progress .	9	Present
slavery and the slave trade shall be prohibited in all their forms .	5	Present
“ Oh ! ” says my mother .	4	Present
They have absolutely no communication skills whatsoever .	1	Present
Is there any way to strengthen it ?	0	Present
They are social and like to be handled .	1	Present
I would be a lot more concerned if the shoe fell off because it was missing one lousy nail .	15	Present
After he found out from somebody else , Archibald attempted to talk to Mr. Bush about it .	2	Past
They said he had caused the fire in some way ; be that as it may , he was screeching most horribly .	1	Past
Tet was a huge military and political disaster for the Communists .	1	Past
( 14 ) As a general principle , the energy consumption of EUPs in stand-by or off - mode should be reduced to the minimum necessary for their proper functioning .	21	Past
I highly recommend Debi , she does an amazing job , I " love " the way she cuts my hair , extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .	26	Present
-- Due to the lack of response yesterday , I 'm beginning to worry about your success with the road test ...	10	Present
The neighbours are still interfering , but there are signs that rather than undermining Afghanistan ’s stability they may now be trying to strengthen it .	2	Present
The German tourists had gone home , the bathing cabins were nailed shut .	10	Past
The text of that Treaty , drawn up in the Bulgarian and Romanian languages , shall be annexed to this Protocol .	6	Past
It was after midnight when they got to bed .	1	Past
Long after his death , similar structures were built in the form of the San Francisco – Oakland Bay Bridge and the Transbay Tube , and there have been campaigns to rename the bridge " The Emperor Norton Bridge " .	8	Past
So yes , I would n't hesitate in recommending the team at Just Autos for easy professional car repairs , Thank you Just Autos for your help .	20	Present
How are things going with you ?	1	Present
What is still being perpetuated in all civilized discussion is the ritual of civilized discussion itself .	1	Present
He was dehydrated when he got there and lost weight .	5	Past
--- A lunar exploration mission is funded at $ 20 million .	6	Past
I 've dined at lots of high - end restaurants and I 've never before felt my money was so well spent .	1	Present
" It looks awful , does n't it ? "	2	Present
We have done considerable research before coming to the conclusions before us tonight .	2	Past
As such , instead of accepting that the world behaves randomly and at times totally averse to one 's preferences , the arrogant person seeks to control everything and everyone , which of course , is an impossible mission .	9	Present
I think it ’s similar to what Colbert said to Terry Gross .	1	Present
The road to the village would be blocked , the dog ran over the soft fields breathing like a dragon ...	11	Past
" What was wanted was an elite to underpin the rulers , themselves in turn supported and buttressed by a population which presumably understood , approved , and legitimated the aims of such an elite .	15	Past
. . . Murph Archibald is Red Blount 's nephew by marriage , and in 1972 , he was coming off a 15 - month tour in Vietnam in the infantry .	18	Past
Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .	9	Present
So daytime events will be shown live in the United States in the middle of the night , and evening prime-time events will be shown — indeed live — in the morning U.S. time .	24	Past
If you want to plant the basil in a container , make sure it 's large enough to accommodate the number of plants you 're growing ;	2	Present
He looked like a great guy for your group .	1	Past
You do find the ' get the number hop in bed with her ' but be aware that they usually have a reputation as sluts .	1	Present
The study in question focuses on the attention , proposing and evaluation in the context of the classroom .	4	Present
He responded by purchasing a classified advertisement in the Gazette De France , hoping that his anonymous critic would find it .	5	Past
Salon is clean and girls are nice .	5	Present
She has the most extraordinary contacts , that girl .	1	Present
I enjoyed your presentation , and meeting you briefly afterwards , at the SIAM Workshop last Friday .	1	Past
To the north in Lebanon , there is serious debate within Hezbollah about entering the Lebanese political process in light of Syria 's promised withdrawal .	23	Past
My brother was a runner and they used to call him The Birdman -- Birdie -- and they called me The Poet .	2	Past
It 's unfortunate that bmil believed that his ' perfect ' dog was not given the right opportunity to prove himself .	1	Present
Despite his conservative background , in later years Nida became increasingly ecumenical and New Evangelical ( clarification needed ) in his approach .	9	Past
So they are still wearing them some four thousand years later .	4	Present
prime ribs have very good food but it s super expensive	2	Present
What 'll happen is that the Styrofoam peanuts will start moving through our society here , and they will accumulate in the drunkest , stingiest people .	8	Present
We have limited time What are the best sights to see , geiven that we only have a short time ?	16	Present
Still , I 've always suspected that Cervantes devoured those old romances .	5	Past
There was also a list of the new books he 'd need for the coming year .	1	Past
If you do not have any religious beliefs , or are for another reason unwilling to appeal to your patron deity , skip this step .	10	Present
prime ribs have very good food but it s super expensive	8	Present
We just did a deal for the rest of the month for 10,000 / d at meter # 1552 QE - 1 @ $ 4.355 .... can you let me and Robert Lloyd know what the sitara # is ?	2	Past
As he turned the question over in his mind , it occurred to him that he no longer had an opinion .	18	Past
Since the television series ’ inception , writers at The AV Club have written two critical reviews for each episode :	12	Present
Are you using the " SPRDOPT " Exotic Options function to value the option ?	0	Present
You have received this BBC Breaking News Alert because you subscribed to it or , someone forwarded it to you .	10	Past
They say , " You know what you smell ? " .	5	Present
Thank you .	0	Present
If you 're a chronic procrastinator , you know the pain and stress that comes with putting things off .	14	Present
" In our view , we did not believe we changed or made worse the financial situation .	10	Past
On top of the fridge stood tonight 's pudding : a huge mound of whipped cream and sugared violets .	5	Past
he adored Balzac and studied his works carefully , although he criticised what he called Balzac 's " vulgarity .	11	Past
If you look closely , at the base of every leaf are two tiny little leaves that will grow outwards if the stem growing between them is cut off .	26	Present
She was shaking her head slowly while Odara was speaking .	2	Present
i am in portland .	1	Present
if you do n't mind being robbed , cheated or lied to then this is the company for you .	8	Past
Glad to hear that they are all healthy and were a good size , and that Mom is doing well .	18	Present
I am sorry to own I began to worry them .	6	Past
Starlin took over as plotter the following issue , and began developing an elaborate story arc centered on the villainous Thanos , and spread across a number of Marvel titles .	10	Past
I know that if my garage door needs to be repaired , I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors	15	Present
Was it a badge – an ornament – a charm – a propitiatory act ?	0	Past
With these fusions , chiropractric is n't as successful , but it still is very helpful .	5	Present
Like many people I know , I ’ve spent recent months staying up late , reading polls in terror .	8	Past
He felt like taking Auster in his arms and declaring his friendship for life .	1	Past
Perhaps that 's why a surge of tears clouds his pupils while the syllable of time unearths his crop and surrenders his mystery to the bound waters .	2	Present
It included three tracks cowritten with Rafferty 's brother Jim , also a singer - songwriter , who had been signed to Decca Records in the 1970s .	1	Past
Pretending he had n't noticed this , Harry sat down and took the toast Mrs Weasley offered him .	2	Past
What culinary dishes would you recommend that go well with the Santorum cocktail ?	7	Present
But it has outlived its usefulness , and Microsoft no longer wants to support it .	2	Present
Chicken salad salad is great too .	3	Present
are you paying attention ? —	2	Present
The Salt and Verde Rivers of central Arizona were exploited for large-scale agriculture by Native Americans as early as the 11th century .	9	Past
It relied on volunteers and state militia units , which faced logistical , training and food problems in the staging areas in Florida .	1	Past
I was very pleased to find my accommodations and the hotel staff to be a very calming and comforting part of my trip .	1	Past
Phone calls were n't returned when promised and the botched repair took a week longer than promised .	9	Past
Choose this hotel over the Hilton ( which is on the next block ) .	8	Present
He does n't just take pictures he makes art out of them and you wo n't even notice that there 's a camera there .	7	Present
The are located right at 248 De Than St. in the heart of the back packer district .	1	Present
Dessert was good .	1	Past
Richard L. Jones , Jr. Airport ( IATA : RVS ) ( often called the " Riverside Airport " ) is south of downtown and is a general aviation airport .	25	Present
Eating out in particular is quite expensive compared to America I believe .	4	Present
Their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones amazes me every time I walk in .	12	Present
OMG .. make sure to book a reservation , as this magical place is packed ( in a nice way ) I love that the owner walks around and cares how his customers feel about their food .	13	Present
White space can be used throughout the document to enhance readability .	4	Past
I have been growing my hair out for 1 year plus and went in to get 1 inch taken off .	18	Past
He believes that nobody waiting for us waits for us .	1	Present
Some jokes also have what is called a tag or topper , which is an additional punchline .	13	Present
" When a chicken or another animal with this tendency becomes frightened , its heart rate lowers and it stops moving .	10	Present
I know a lot of people say to wait until he calls you , but it 's different because I 'm a client and technically that 's all I am at this point .	16	Present
No , but I do believe some Koreans reside in the country of HA - ha !	8	Present
Opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .	10	Present
She asked for the dinner combo and they gave her two dinner plates instead .	8	Past
I went to work the next day , turning , so to speak , my back on that station .	1	Past
Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer , or should this be more generic ?	0	Present
Now the Electoral Commission is refusing to punish people for mere past Baath Party membership .	5	Present
What I have been hearing about the representative in Nicaragua is indicative that the project had not been properly closed down .	15	Past
Great Service and hairstyles that last .	5	Present
The British Airways chicken with the chill of death upon it lies before me .	11	Present
Republicans captured the Senate for the first time since 1952 , and gained 34 House seats , but the Democrats retained a majority .	12	Past
I mean the theory was , whether you believe it or not , that it would be a defensive alliance against potential Soviet aggression , that ’s the basic doctrine .	1	Present
They are also quick at getting your order out to you .	1	Present
Next to the door was a tall wrought-iron candle holder — the kind that stood at either end of the altar .	4	Past
He also built and renovated five traditional markets in 2013 and four traditional markets in 2014 .	4	Past
I am a licensed mental health counselor and I work with variety of mental health problems .	1	Present
The CIA reportedly has been quietly building a case that the anthrax mailings were an international plot .	3	Present
The XML protocol is a set of rules , guidelines , and conventions for designing data formats and structures , in a way that produces files that are easy to generate and easily read by different computers and applications .	3	Present
This is the first US " sample return " mission since Apollo , and the first ever from beyond the moon .	1	Present
Ballet is less about learning the moves and more about perfecting them .	1	Present
The officers were able to subdue the 53 year old during the act on Sunday morning .	2	Past
She told me that was to bad she would do nothing to help me since she could not use or resell the piece .	4	Past
TEXAS ROADHOUSE HAS VERY GOOD MEALS , THAT THE MEAT COMES RIGHT OFF THE BONES .	10	Present
The layout of a PivotTable view does not have to include all of the fields that are available from the underlying record source .	6	Present
For example , you can filter for the top 25 % or bottom 25 % of salespeople based on the number of orders handled .	17	Past
He 's the issue , you are trying to " Make " them mate .	6	Present
" Kosher food is far more expensive than other kinds , " I say .	3	Present
A lot of intellectual effort has been devoted to devising better ways of maximizing advertising and marketing budgets – targeting customers , especially the affluent , who might actually buy the product .	5	Present
In a simpler world , where innovation simply meant lowering the cost of production of , say , an automobile , it was easy to assess an innovation 's value .	8	Past
As coauthor Colette Heald told The Huffington Post , " The climate projections are quite consistent [...]	13	Present
Some , I heard , got drowned in the surf ; but whether they did or not , nobody seemed particularly to care .	14	Past
That is a formula which allows broader harmonisation and respects the traditions and practices of the Member States .	5	Present
The band I started in 1993 , Spoken Motion , received a lot of recognition as a spoken word band born out of the New York spoken word scene .	3	Past
Closing Africa 's Agricultural Gender Gap .	0	Present
( When I worked at the IMF in the 2000 ' s , page - three coverage of our events by leading newspapers was typically viewed as preferable to top billing ) .	21	Present
Also , not mentioned on Microsoft 's " The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown " site , are the numerous security vulnerabilities putting the browser at risk of being hacked .	16	Present
Well , I 've picked someone my own size at last tonight .	4	Past
Under the release of physical contact , he said to Mweta , I do n't know what we 're talking about , and Mweta said , You ... I told you we expect you back , now .	19	Present
We hope that in time , we will have millions of articles with many of them having featured status .	17	Past
Do you personally record audiobooks , and did you already do so before LibriVox ?	7	Past
Afterwards as the evening faded he cleaned the gun almost by feel and the clean , practical smell of gun-oil conveyed the simple satisfaction of the task .	4	Past
Hope you 've been storing up sleep , cause it looks like you wo n't be getting much for a while .	0	Present
In Shakespeare 's day , English grammar , spelling and pronunciation were less standardised than they are now , and his use of language helped shape modern English .	13	Past
I 'm not sure that there 's much nightlife in Naha .	6	Present
Even there , many Kurds look and act as if they are going to grab the chance to vote them out of power .	12	Present
They needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files on Wilson .	10	Past
The Spanish trains and the Istanbul bombings are only the beginning .	7	Present
The chiro / acupuncturist will be there to evaluate the horse for wobblers which is often caused by spinal compression and can be confused with EPM .	23	Past
Perhaps that 's why a surge of tears clouds his pupils while the syllable of time unearths his crop and surrenders his mystery to the bound waters .	20	Present
- In terms of costs , the evaluator found that some of the projects were particularly costly and highlighted specific cost items .	14	Past
The vegetarian dishes and lighter fare were almost always spot - on , while the lamb was often dry and / or overcooked .	16	Past
The policy dilemmas that have resulted – rising inequality , greater volatility , reduced room to manage the real economy – will continue to preoccupy policymakers in the decades ahead .	4	Present
He 's not putting it back on .	3	Present
He was hare in pursuit of the tortoise , and again and again he had to remind himself to hold back .	1	Past
Dr. Fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the Soper River .	10	Past
Doves are a species of pigeon , they are Seed eaters , they do not eat bread , or worms .	13	Present
Our friend is a world traveler and loves unpretentious dining experiences and inspired food .	7	Present
So be sure to get your pet 's memorial on the site and if you have a charity / rescue , make sure it is listed on their database so you can receive some of the profits from the site .	15	Present
I just need to talk to an another american who has gone to the UK before so that I know what expect when arriving at the airport and with going through visa process and everything .	11	Past
I LOVE MY GYM !	1	Present
Edit was the best massage therapist I 've ever had and I would HIGHLY recommend her !	7	Present
I hope you have a huge network .	1	Present
Few records of Shakespeare 's private life survive , and there has been considerable speculation about such matters as his physical appearance , sexuality , religious beliefs , and whether the works attributed to him were written by others .	35	Past
Spanish is a language often used for day-to-day discourse in many places , although English is the language of preference , especially when dealing with businesses and government .	5	Past
Under the mango trees , barbers ' mirrors set up a flash in the shade , and live chickens lay in heaps with their legs tied .	8	Past
Davis was the settler M.P. who had been responsible , at one stage , for getting Mweta banished to the far Western Province .	6	Past
The derailing of the Oslo peace process by the hard - line policies of Sharon and the Palestinian intifada has encouraged suicide bombings .	19	Present
I am pleased to confirm that the Commission has received the report to which the honourable Member refers .	17	Present
Thai birth certificates record the date , month and time of birth , followed by the day of the week , lunar date , and the applicable zodiac animal name .	3	Present
Well , I 've got news for you , boy . I 'm locking you up you 're never going back to that school . never . and if you try and magic yourself out – they 'll expel you !	30	Present
Mohammed allegedly was hiding in the home of the Pakistani bacteriologist Dr. Abdul Qadoos Khan .	3	Present
As a mytouch 4g owner I know the phone is pretty fast and their is no point installing a rom .	9	Present
There was not one ounce of caring involved and anyone I can warn about the complete lack of service will be warned .	1	Past
If you 'd like to , you can add this email address to your existing Facebook account to ensure that you won't get Facebook invites sent to you in the future .	2	Past
I do nt know how it is possible to make orange chicken , sesame chicken and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puffs taste THAT bad but China Delight accomplished that .	30	Past
He turned away .	1	Past
Being well - informed will give you certainty and that is desirable in a world of conflicting reports .	3	Past
No , it 's true	3	Present
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking to recreate Mohammed 's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on Egyptian leaders .	6	Past
People aged 13 - 17 may be allowed to travel alone at Eurostar 's discretion - you should email them for a decision .	7	Past
Tires were the right price and now the car feels like it is riding on rails around turns .	9	Present
Prominent Builders in New Jersey are one the best building contractors , I was referred to them by my friend , I am so glad I used them for my Home renovation , and addition .	13	Past
Please check out my who let the dog out blog .	5	Past
Change anything you need to but try to keep this article as close to original as possible .	3	Present
These responses have the added benefit of being natural launching points for conversations about your hobbies , like the writing you 're doing on the side and the great bourbon you tasted the other day .	31	Past
Despite Sept. 11 , the United States still supports the Kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez Musharraf happy .	13	Present
As one that s battled hard through many a broken dream Let me say , " in order to rise to the occasion you must be willing to go down with the ship " ,	9	Past
When they are just jumping at each other and their tails are wagging that means that they are playing .	2	Present
Seth provides deep tissue massage which has significantly reduced the pain in my neck and shoulders and added flexibility and movement back to the area .	1	Present
i did n't want you to go .	1	Past
Aside from that little * mystery * , one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong I was about how another dress that I loved compared to one of her dresses that I was trying on .	13	Past
" Balzac 's use of repeating characters , moving in and out of the Comédie 's books , strengthens the realist representation .	8	Present
Meiring is more than an embarrassment .	1	Present
S. and I have an acquaintance who has hosted several of these children for many years ; to see these little ones breaks the heart .	3	Present
Neil insisted that Bray must come ;	1	Past
I am sending you some info that I have passed along regarding the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefit .	8	Present
Both bathrooms look like they were flooded and the wood cabinets are thrashed at the bottom and they slapped some pieces of wood over to try to cover it up .	12	Past
it s jack s aquarium and pets I believe . ?	1	Present
" What we know is that he 's always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their enemies , " former CIA OBL unit counter terrorism chief Michael Scheuer has said .	7	Present
Of course , you would then be in a position to sell calls again if the stock makes a bounce .	17	Present
I liked it so much there I ended up doing a PhD and I 've been working on social insects ever since .	7	Past
When something is unprecedented , it means it does n’t have a past , does n’t have a history .	8	Present
U.S. stock futures are surging by more than 1 % , alongside European markets .	4	Present
Lord Halifax , the Lord President of the Council , visited Germany privately in November and met Hitler and other German officials .	10	Past
My father took off his coat and draped it over the edge of the pew and when I came back from communion I stole his glove .	18	Past
When there are a lot of people , say , " You 're probably wondering why I 've gathered you here today . "	17	Present
We have received the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas , which adds the Canadian Securities Representation , so we do n't have to add the rep into every confirm .	2	Past
It often nests in tree stumps or under rocks and foraging workers can sometimes be spotted climbing trees .	2	Present
For instance , if the person has a band-related username , you might say : " Hey , cool name . Did you see those guys when they last came to town ? "	29	Past
I 'm really worried cause I have no idea who to talk to and want everything to go smoothly .	1	Present
As a parent , I can well imagine how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning .	18	Present
I recommend La Hacienda	1	Present
This is car number 3 we 've purchased through them .	1	Present
" All you have to do is look at the photographs , " Ed Bangs , wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , told UPI 's Blue Planet ,	6	Present
HOWEVER : you will pay as if there are 2 people in the cabin , even if it is just you .	8	Present
I 'm sure it s not every day that a funeral director sees the same family in such a short time .	1	Present
Great place to live if you work in and around downtown San Jose !	6	Present
I was moving out from 2 bdr apartment and it took for 3 strong guys 6 hours to load a track ( from 2 pm - 8 pm ) .	2	Present
I do n't know if this has been verified .	6	Present
And though he 'd been a faithful servant , he was not such a player that he could get away with that .	3	Past
I suspect the streets of Baghdad will look as if a war is looming this week .	12	Present
In the winter , the talk was of trades , predictions , memories .	6	Past
I have visited Dr. Cooper 's office twice and I am very impressed with how friendly and polite the staff is .	1	Present
U.S. officials have said the plot , thwarted by Britain , to blow up several aircraft over the Atlantic bore many of the hallmarks of al Qaeda .	2	Present
The man was looking at him , even studying him , and if recognition did not flicker across his face , it still held something more than a blank stare .	23	Past
Last year in my section at the stadium I had a banner that read We Know ' .	13	Past
Suppose at the end of the year they were not put on contract ?	10	Past
Some time ago ... a word in your ear , I said , you 'd be unwise to lose Brigadier Radcliffe .	11	Past
They shall communicate those measures to the Commission by the date of accession or , where later , by the time limit provided for in this Protocol .	22	Past
43 - Percentage of the entire world 's military spending that the US spends on defence .	13	Present
Business Case : If we offered Dean 55 k or 60 k it would still constitute a over a $ 10,000 increase ( approximately 25 % ) and taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory at the specialist level .	32	Past
STANFORD – Mosquito - borne diseases kill millions of people annually , and cause suffering for many more .	6	Present
if the trouble goes away with the modem off , then make sure that EVERYTHING EXCEPT the modem is filtered , this would include the alarm system , fax machine , satellite boxes , phones , etc ...	3	Present
America 's fiscal and monetary policies , for example , will always be driven by domestic considerations first ( if not second and third as well ) .	10	Present
In addition , we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer .	9	Present
China has its own reserves of oil and natural gas and once was a net oil exporter .	12	Past
" The governor believes it was the defining moment , when what was a mounting problem turned into an instant crisis , " Maviglio said .	3	Present
I like old Hjalmar .	1	Present
I especially liked the Eco friendly atmosphere and the owner s love of all animals .	2	Past
Hi , I want to get a few pet rats and need a rat cage .	3	Present
What do other Holga owners do when they need to change film when they are traveling ?	1	Present
In the second room it took 3 tries to get all the towels and linens we requested .	5	Past
Look for a lot of stripes in their head that starts from the beak and goes back to the back fo the bird .	15	Present
It contained 36 texts , including 18 printed for the first time .	7	Past
The Egyptian pharaoh thus found himself in northern Amurru , well past Kadesh , in Tunip , where no Egyptian soldier had been seen since the time of Thutmose III almost 120 years earlier .	21	Past
he has been " biting " at her neck and stomach previously while they play without her meowing or anything so i m wondering if he went a little to far that one time .	14	Present
0 - Number of coffins of dead soldiers returning home that the Bush administration has permitted to be photographed .	14	Present
If you move the line to the right , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line to the right remains constant , and the perpendicular line to the left of the moving line lengthens .	2	Present
On board the Freewinds , Paris claims that she was working from 6:00am to midnight and due to lack of sleep ended up being a walking zombie .	6	Present
I want to know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a report , not a legislative proposal , and whether that is something I can competently do on Thursday .	15	Present
I have thus proposed that the frost rating be lowered to -40° C .	3	Past
That he always gets , whether he likes it or not .	7	Present
Know this well because I remember an ' irish ' pub in the town in canada i grew up in used to advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town , but they served them in american sized pints .	20	Past
This is the insidious conspiracy I call " Mommism " .	1	Present
In general , avoid doing the following to prevent problems caused by mixing queries created under different ANSI SQL query modes :	10	Past
Everyone is extremely pleased that you 're joining .	7	Present
We 've had a few since then , but none since our race horses began wintering in Florida .	2	Past
He then returned to Kirriemuir .	2	Past
If some records in one of the fields you used in the expression might have a Null value , you can convert the Null value to zero using the Nz function as shown in the following example :	27	Present
He went out in the evenings and had a good time .	7	Past
Someone else I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty .	5	Past
How FusionRetail has overcome these issues ?	2	Present
This means that they have not benefited from the uplift that the fall in sterling has given to overseas assets .	6	Past
Although the area is only about 11 percent of the surface area of Europe , the Alps provide up to 90 percent of water to lowland Europe , particularly to arid areas and during the summer months .	17	Present
All you need is 200 , but remember , the more you post , the more money you make !!	12	Present
To Stay in Varanasi - Sandeep Hotel is you choice ...	7	Present
Stepping out , I feel a bit numb , like a wasp in autumn .	4	Present
Olivia went in to change the record and because it was , unexpectedly , Mozart – the harp and Mute concerto – he lit a cigar to smoke while he enjoyed it .	10	Past
I live 10 minutes from Cycle City , but I Drove 50 mile south to Peachstate Powersports in LaGrange , dealt with the owner , Levi , and was well taken care of .	10	Present
In earlier applications and in some current uses , Cascading Style Sheets ( CSS ) were used to tell the browser how to display the XML data .	16	Past
This amendment adds the British Columbia Securities Act representation to the master .	2	Present
Brought my wife Deb with me and she like the Fried Crab Wontons and said they were good ..	0	Past
( 1 ) Everyone charged with a penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his defence .	30	Past
Action Network is also a good place to post details of events , or try to rally together a group if you want to take action in your area .	22	Present
I love to play with that and I am always looking for muses that fit that bill because it is so interesting making a collection when I find one .	8	Present
During their various collaborations , it is not clear who between the two conceived of some stylistic solutions in the arrangements that later on characterised both artists ' style .	13	Past
He was an unshaven little man in a threadbare coat like a gaberdine , with his feet in slippers , and I thought him a harmless fool .	1	Past
When it comes to genetic engineering , however , science seems to matter less than politics .	2	Present
The analysis of Pericles by type of project is shown in Table 3 .	9	Past
I m glad his butt was facing me so he could n't see my red face I think my Mare was even laughing ..	17	Present
To reserve one of these rooms , you must inform the Wyndham staff that you are part of the CAEM group .	15	Present
So I do not have a supplementary question , I just want to register my protest .	11	Present
Harry tried to argue back but his words were drowned by a long , loud belch from the Dursleys son , Dudley .	9	Past
If his Democrat opponent were to be elected , he assured that she would be ' under investigation for years ' .	10	Past
John Lavorato has requested the attached report .	3	Past
I have told a French girl I liked her , and she accepted .	1	Present
The mysterious RAPHAEL Holinshed was named for the mysterious Neoplatonic Italian painter RAPHAEL Sanzio who painted _ St. George Fighting the Dragon _ ( 1504 - 06 )	5	Past
Those attachments are what I was asked .	2	Present
He said angrily to Wentz , directing the remark at the wife through the husband , What did you get in return that was worth it ?	17	Past
The first is the harmonisation of national development policies and regional development policies .	2	Present
For many visitors , the first place they are likely to visit is Downtown , especially if they are in town on business , or simply do not know where to start .	8	Present
I would recommend Bayside Chiropractic to anyone who is in need of a regular adjustment or is suffering from a chronic condition .	8	Present
This is either gross incompetence or was done with dark ulterior motives that can scarcely be guessed at .	16	Past
It 's twice my size and eats a rabbit once a month .	1	Present
At the time , guardsmen were required to accumulate a minimum of 50 points to meet their yearly obligation .	6	Past
Harry noticed that it was wearing what looked like an old pillowcase , with rips for arm and leg holes .	4	Past
Two approaches are becoming clear , one of which is a pragmatic approach .	2	Present
I want to say that Mike did a great job for our family in our time of need .	6	Past
The report comes after North and South Korea exchanged artillery fire yesterday .	8	Past
I 've known the guy for about 10 years .	1	Present
But getting past who should get them , is who has them , and who is really close .	10	Present
He remembered having read somewhere that the eyes were the one feature of the face that never changed .	1	Past
This is one of the worst places I have stayed , we cut out stay short and went to the Mulberry .	8	Present
I expect Craig did n't want Mom to see his place because it was messy .	13	Past
At beaches which are primarily Thai visitors however , this is not advised .	12	Past
You need to purchase what is called a shoulder point harness .	1	Present
When creating a new password , be sure that it is at least 6 characters in length and that you use a complex string of numbers , letters , and punctuation marks .	20	Present
There are several campsites that allow tourists to barbeque on the beach with beautiful mountain views in the background .	1	Present
System folders ( the System and System32 folders located in the Windows or WINNT folder ) .	8	Past
Until we have come up with those numbers it would be premature to make any offers for the summer .	2	Present
I got yelled at , literally yelled at because i asked if i could pick up my car 5 - 10 minutes late .	10	Past
My previous apprehension has been dismissed and I no longer have a sinking feeling when my next appointment is due !	4	Past
The M300 series are the lightest and the E500's are the all in one but much heavier .	9	Present
They do not run that often , especially to the outer towns like Broken Arrow .	1	Present
When their daughter Cecily married Richard Plantagenet , the 3rd Duke of York , and had several offspring , including Edward IV and Richard III , Joan became the grandmother of two York kings of England .	27	Past
She knew , if he did n't , that he was going .	11	Present
She turned and walked back into the house and Harry , after a nervous glance at Ron , who nodded encouragingly , followed her .	19	Past
The successful UNC Greensboro exhibit included Polaroids of author Truman Capote and singer-songwriter Carly Simon .	5	Past
By late 1974 investors were dizzy , they were desperate , they were wrung - out , they had left Wall Street , many for good .	12	Past
Water is the main killer in these storms .	1	Present
No business is going to push customers away without good reason ; so is n't it reasonable to think they might know what they 're doing ?	25	Present
There are deals in the Aruba book so I 'm not sure why you are n't picking those up .	14	Present
I guess those guns will be located enroute to Venezuela or found in storage there by one of the US 's local stooges and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two .	26	Present
IF you have NOT begun the Application process's NOW < you are about 2 to 3 years away from being approved by Immigration Canada .	20	Past
Honoré 's sisters Laure and Laurence were born in 1800 and 1802 , and his brother Henry - François in 1807 .	7	Past
I understand that we are still reviewing the attachment that lists the open transactions .	6	Present
The beverage was inspired by the santorum neologism coined in advice columnist Dan Savage 's column Savage Love in response to comments made by former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum about homosexuality ;	2	Past
I expect it will be determined that , under " Strong Man " Hugo Chavez , Posada could not be guaranteed a fair trial .	1	Present
Circumstances have changed in some respects , while in others they have remained the same .	12	Past
Brought my wife Deb with me and she like the Fried Crab Wontons and said they were good ..	10	Past
There are plenty of cheap restaurants .	1	Present
The rain had stopped now , and although the sky was still gray , far to the west Quinn could see a tiny shift of light seeping through the clouds .	26	Present
Some time ago we debated about giving the rights to artists who sell their artwork .	4	Past
It definitely has ambitions to rule vast areas and to expand in all directions .	2	Present
The price is quoted in JPY ( the ' Foreign Currency ' ) per US Dollar ( the ' Base Currency ' ) .	2	Present
This is car number 3 we 've purchased through them .	6	Present
Paris also claims that her passport was taken away from her and she was forced to work in the engine room .	6	Past
Believe it or not , but the channel guide has been most helpful to my family members that visit and do n't know where to start when it comes to watching satellite tv .	20	Present
Later on I red somewhere that it 's seakness .	3	Past
Title , binding , and covers had been gnawed away .	7	Past
After you do this , the Category field will have three members : Fixed , Popular , and Other .	2	Present
He had been there almost an hour , and the time was approaching for his call to Virginia Stillman .	11	Past
The video cable was replaced and suddenly the motherboard was dead .	9	Past
" [ Ten ] years ago , a browser was born .	10	Past
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to a nationality .	4	Present
' He sealed the utterance with that smile of his , as though it had been a door opening into a darkness he had in his keeping .	18	Present
On Wednesday , Mohamed and his father are to travel to the United Nations .	7	Present
OBSERVATION -- The pressure to finger somebody for " price gouging " is increasing .	13	Present
If you are moving the line away from the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows larger .	29	Present
He 's getting used to his new home , but has n't eatin yet .	2	Present
I believe that there might be a sign - flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue .	1	Present
You 've got plenty of lucky breaks headed your way in 2005 , friend Capricorn .	1	Present
It 's never ok to let a customer walk out unhappy , especially when they are right .	15	Present
the following day his new son - in - law , Thomas Quiney was found guilty of fathering an illegitimate son by Margaret Wheeler , who had died during childbirth .	1	Present
The following quote is from that Coogan article :	3	Present
South Korea 's male labor - force participation rate , by contrast , stands at about 77 % – close to the OECD average of 79 % .	13	Present
At six-thirty he posted himself in front of gate twenty-four .	3	Past
Kerry saved a man 's life while under fire .	1	Past
But they have n't been up to anything extraordinary as far as I can see in recent weeks .	4	Past
I had to ask the greeter , he explained his reasons with broken English .	1	Past
The lowest bed here is better than my last salon s highest level .	4	Present
Extensible Markup Language ( XML ) is the standard language for describing and delivering data on the Web , just as Hypertext Markup Language ( HTML ) is the standard language for creating and displaying Web pages .	13	Present
The model does not include the effect of rising carbon dioxide concentration , which has complex and potentially offsetting impacts on global food supply .	2	Present
The train was crowded , and as the passengers started filling the ramp and walking toward him , they quickly became a mob .	10	Present
Cleveland is the urban center of Northeast Ohio , the 15th largest combined metropolitan area in the United States .	12	Past
Meanwhile , the European Union and China are pressing to close their own deals in Asia and elsewhere .	7	Present
Do not go to this salon , especially if you have to get your hair straightened .	0	Present
Pewter is perfect for what you are doing , and it melts on a stove top .	7	Present
Speaking in the parents ' defense , Tom Molomby , SC , said that , as the parents came from India , where homeopathy is in common use , they should be declared not guilty due to cultural differences .	32	Past
Separating a pair some time before a show ( killies are usually shown & judged & often sold as pairs ) will encourage them to court and show their best colors .	12	Past
MSU does a lot of EPM studies because of how common it is here .	1	Present
In 1770 , his brother Prince Henry , Duke of Cumberland and Strathearn , was exposed as an adulterer , and the following year Cumberland married a young widow , Anne Horton .	14	Past
" I like them , " says my wife .	6	Present
In the time it takes me to explain she grasps and loses the words , grasps and loses phrases as they go past .	15	Present
The blockage of Villeneuve 's fleet resulted in giving up the invasion plan of the British Isles , also because new developments were taking place in the continent .	23	Present
First of all I think maybe they have bad teachers , which is a problem .	12	Present
I wanted to feel the rough edge of the pocket of his coat against my cheek , but I was too tall .	19	Past
The report has prompted calls for all edible salt to be iodised .	11	Past
I am a preferred provider with most insurance companies .	3	Past
For those who care , a good proportion of the my class went on to 4 - year colleges , many of them ranked in the top 50 of US News .	3	Present
The test , along with an information form , is available at : .	9	Present
The bombings implicated Muslims , and exacerbated regional tensions which the Bush regime and its friends wearing the brass in the Philippine military sought to exploit .	23	Past
The purpose of the letter bombs -- which resulted in minimal casualty -- was to send a message .	8	Past
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .	10	Past
You ’ve probably got them just the way you like them , but if you move the adjusters up or down on the straps occasionally , the straps will last longer .	1	Present
The salads are limp and the rest of the food is n't any better ( ok , the nachos are not too bad ! )	19	Present
per our conversation yesterday afternoon , attached are proposed drafts of the Schedule and the Para. 13 relative to the above .	8	Past
Create an account .	0	Present
Glad to hear that they are all healthy and were a good size , and that Mom is doing well .	17	Present
I decided it was time to grow up and made an appointment .	3	Past
But throughout Alabama , there were Republicans and Democrats who wanted to help Red Blount .	10	Past
Do you come from Norway ?	0	Present
It is often beautiful , but its sentences tend to start , pause , and finish at the end of lines , with the risk of monotony .	12	Present
You should give her a try - it 's worth every penny to know that you pet is in GREAT hands with Wunderbar pet sitting !!!!	8	Present
When we complained to the management ( as we were instructed to do if there were any problems ) , nothing happened !	10	Past
( Because apparently my mom is very picky , she says the bird might get sick if it does n't eat the right food ) IS there any specific food I might find at any pet shop ?	10	Present
Bloch is concerned to establish hope as the guiding principle of his Marxism and stresses the implied humanism inherent in mystical tradition .	14	Present
" Balzac often fell ill , finally causing the headmaster to contact his family with news of a " sort of a coma " .	3	Past
I have visited Georgia Tech on Thursday .	1	Present
Between November and April , it is more humid and thunderstorms and cyclones do occur .	13	Present
What are some good interview questions ?	1	Present
Food like the stuff they eat in Spanish countries like tacos , beans , rice , pork , steak , ect .	5	Present
It is no surprise that the federal and state governments have classified the National Natural Heritage as a nation - wide endeavor of the highest priority and have documented it starting in 2005 in a coalition contract .	28	Past
i know you remember the bet .	3	Present
By 1598 , his name had become a selling point and began to appear on the title pages .	11	Past
Those included Drew Cass , Devin Thurlow , people like that .	1	Past
Casals did not answer .	1	Past
The door is easy to use and it keeps the cold out during the winter .	2	Present
The chicken should be " hypnotized " and cease to struggle .	5	Past
Adam Auerbach served in an electronic-warfare unit and was returning from a military action when the helicopter in which he was flying crashed .	22	Past
That said - he seemed to be doing well enough .	1	Past
In the midst of a foreign - capital bonanza , stagnant levels of private investment in tradable goods are a particularly powerful danger signal that no amount of government mythmaking should be allowed to override .	18	Present
Took a bite , it tasted odd .	5	Past
Attached are the gas settlement and support for May .	0	Past
Many arrogant people have a false charm that no one seems to see through .	10	Present
Is it someone on your team or someone from CEC ?	0	Present
I did n't expect to react that way , but when I was looking around my workplace in Nashua , New Hampshire , and everyone else looked pretty much like me , it was really very eerie .	13	Present
100 g ( 3/4 cup ) quality cocoa powder ( sifted )	10	Past
The flood had made , the wind was nearly calm , and being bound down the river , the only thing for it was to come to and wait for the turn of the tide .	2	Past
We ca n't avoid being politicized ( to use a word as murky as the condition it describes ) because it is necessary after all to know what is going on .	4	Present
I enjoyed your recent e-mail but was sorry to hear about your dad .	1	Past
Took me a little longer to review and revise Adam 's first drafts than I had thought ( there 's a lot going on here , as you 'll see soon ) .	16	Past
From the moment you enter the restaurant , you know you are some place special .	4	Present
The mysterious RAPHAEL Holinshed was named for the mysterious Neoplatonic Italian painter RAPHAEL Sanzio who painted _ St. George Fighting the Dragon _ ( 1504 - 06 )	4	Past
No one shall be held in slavery or servitude ;	2	Present
Instead he pulled the military off , stopped the bombing of North Vietnam , withdrew from the presidential race , and spent the rest of his term in office trying to surrender to North Vietnam .	14	Past
In the afternoon , often following his lunch , he would sit on a bench and gaze out across the Hudson .	5	Present
This provides a way of transforming an XML document 's presentation information from a source format to a target format and back again .	5	Present
This common black ant eats other insects , and also aphid honeydew .	4	Present
" To arrive at the truth " , he wrote in the preface to Le Lys dans La Vallée , " writers use whatever literary device seems capable of giving the greatest intensity of life to their characters .	22	Present
As a final point I emphasize that the existing positive actions must be kept in place .	5	Present
The work ( as defined below ) is provided under the terms of this Creative Commons Public License ( " CCPL " or " License " ) .	4	Past
Low per capita income has been proposed as a cause for grievance , prompting armed rebellion .	5	Past
I shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me .	6	Present
Lots of jokes rehash the same ground and sometimes they retell a story countless other jokes have told .	17	Past
Talk delivered by Haim Harari at a meeting of the International Advisory Board of a large multi-national corporation , April , 2004 :	1	Past
For a generous girl , a girl who took off her clothes with abandon , she was remarkably close-mouthed about some things .	8	Past
Why do you think the Paralympic movement has so little visibility in the US compared to other countries like Australia , the United Kingdom and even Canada ?	14	Past
The latter , regarding the Jesuit order , illustrated his lifelong admiration for the Catholic Church .	8	Past
These standards should clearly indicate the relationship between their clauses and the requirements dealt with .	2	Past
As we discussed , here is a first effort at a revised TVA offer letter .	5	Present
“ There have no business being there unless they are undermining Pakistan , ’’ says a Pakistani official .	14	Present
The passionate beginning , the long openness and understanding between them should have meant that she would know what he wanted .	2	Present
I 'm nothing more than a devoted fan of the game myself and I hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan discussions .	14	Present
He obtains these things , but loses the ability to manage them .	6	Present
Uncle Vernon sat back down , breathing like a winded rhinoceros and watching Harry closely out of the corners of his small , sharp eyes .	12	Present
Pools The Mariner of the Seas and Liberty both had salt water pools - which most cruise ships have .	9	Past
When you delete a custom group that is not the last custom group in the field , the deleted group 's members automatically move to the Other group .	7	Present
Maybe she did n't want to be touched .	7	Past
For a growth - starved US economy , the transformation of its codependent partner could well be a fork in the road .	4	Past
That s how they were caught .	5	Past
This unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling - out with his Iraqi partner , who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of Kuwait , a wholly - owned U.S. - British subsidiary .	34	Past
He has a very high intellect .	1	Present
It was his as much as Mweta 's .	1	Past
The p-value associated with the design-based F is thus more accurate ( than the associated with the χ2 statistic ) given the adjustments and calculations take into account the weighted nature of the data .	14	Past
Malaysia and Indonesia have maintained a policy of turning away boats of migrants which , according to AFP , the Untied Nations and United States have both criticised .	3	Present
For electoral reasons and in order to appeal to the masses , the subject has been brought up again .	15	Past
That was the first night Renata did n’t come home and it does n’t take Freud to figure out what that meant .	12	Present
your lineatus are already spawning .	4	Present
The McCutchan Art Center / Pace Galleries at USI bases its exhibit around roughly 100 Polaroids selected from its collection .	9	Present
One critic explained that " there is a center and a circumference to Balzac 's world .	2	Past
I do n't hang around with people like that .	1	Present
It is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of George Harrison , who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him .	8	Past
" He 's hanging out with the celebrities , and has kind of become the same sort of celebrity he was interested in documenting earlier in his career " , Wilkins said .	10	Present
I had a rose named after me and I was very flattered .	9	Past
I mean that was discussed in U.S arms control journals , that they would have to regard as a potential threat to their strategic deterrent , meaning as a first strike weapon .	4	Past
Do tell me where you bought your dress , Mrs Mason	5	Past
What the literary imagination faces in these political times .	4	Present
This item has been correctly placed on the agenda and will be put to the vote at 12 noon today .	5	Past
As he walked up Riverside Drive , he became aware of the fact that he was no longer following Stillman .	2	Past
If they ask how much I 'm willing to pay , what is a good price range ?	12	Present
A fundamental change in working principles was brought about by Scotsman James Watt .	7	Past
When it serves their business needs , all of them collaborate beautifully .	2	Present
However , any queries you created were not visible in the Database window because there was no option to set this mode in the user interface .	15	Past
That is , of course , if you can get a laugh .	1	Present
Molten brass is damn hot and usually it 's pressurized gas and forced air or oxygen .	2	Present
It has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time , the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .	12	Past
He has clearly gone on enjoying killing people on a large scale in Iraq .	1	Present
Little children are raised on deep hatred and on admiration of so - called martyrs , and the Western World does not notice it because its own TV sets are mostly tuned to soap operas and game shows .	13	Past
This is the cage I have whhich is pretty much IMPOSSIBLE to escape from :	5	Present
The food was incredibly bland .	2	Past
They 've only been there for 10 years .	3	Past
And a portion of each package or memorial purchased goes to a charity on their database .	8	Past
Republicans captured the Senate for the first time since 1952 , and gained 34 House seats , but the Democrats retained a majority .	1	Past
Those who 've never heard of this will be amazed to see a chicken lie perfectly still after these instructions are followed .	20	Present
To this day , about 10 or 12 of these World War II Japanese shipwrecks comprise what is considered one of the best dive sites in the world .	17	Present
Alejandra González Anaya , one of the parade 's creative directors , explained to CNN why Mexico have decided now is the time to put on such a show .	17	Present
This was heavily promoted by the Australasian Radiation Protection Society in a press release titled THE MYTHS OF CHERNOBYL which contained the following :	1	Past
' When you see Mr. Kurtz , he went on , tell him from me that everything here – he glanced at the desk – is very satisfactory .	20	Past
The Debaathification Commission had been pushed by Ahmad Chalabi and his Iraqi National Congress very hard , and had pushed many Sunni Arabs into the arms of the guerrillas .	5	Past
All tropical cyclones lose strength once they make landfall .	3	Present
This Auster was the first intelligent person he had spoken to in a long time .	2	Past
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar 's property ) .	1	Present
The radar system for which Alvarez is best known and which has played a major role in aviation , most particularly in the post war Berlin airlift , was Ground Controlled Approach ( GCA ) .	12	Past
We informed Tana that we made the change in Global Counterparty to include , " a division of Cargill Incorporated " .	5	Past
In 1992 , grounds of the former puppet theater , which had been left to the commune , were taken over by players and employees .	12	Past
You 're asking too much .	1	Present
Service does not get any better !!!!	1	Present
The report states that few if any food manufacturers use iodised salt in the preparation and manufacture of foods .	10	Past
Many lives are wasted every year because of the depredations of the people-smugglers .	2	Present
For me it is n't about fulfillment or finding my life 's purpose in my work .	3	Present
Next day got moved into another room , on the same floor with other wedding guests .	3	Past
LOCATION HAS CLOSED .	1	Present
The main aggregates in the implementation of Pericles are shown on Table 2 .	9	Past
Some scholars claim that members of Shakespeare 's family were Catholics , at a time when Catholic practice was against the law .	2	Present
Cargill Ferrous International is the full name of this division and set up as such in GCP with a Sub - to - Legal Link to Cargill , Inc. per GCP procedure .	11	Past
Sweden has been mentioned in the discussion as one of the countries with satisfactory limit values .	2	Past
They also do n't tell you that they 're going to mail you an " application " to be admitted to be a patient .	8	Present
Th-thank you , said Harry , edging along the wall and sinking into his desk chair , next to Hedwig , who was asleep in her large cage .	22	Past
I mean , he 's written almost the whole booklist !	4	Present
Old and new meet in Fort Lee , as the Good Shepherd Episcopalian Church is dwarfed by a residential highrise immediately behind it	15	Past
Then he turned to look at Ron , who was watching him almost nervously , as though waiting for his opinion .	10	Present
then i told her i felt i should be able to screw missy just once .	2	Past
My father took off his coat and draped it over the edge of the pew and when I came back from communion I stole his glove .	7	Past
If you are planning on being somewhere at a certain time , one might suggest leaving a good 10 to 15 minutes to escape local traffic before hitting any major roadways .	2	Present
I have a preorder and am even considering getting a second preorder to have multiple accounts .	5	Present
In 1819 Passez offered to make Balzac his successor , but his apprentice had enough of the law .	3	Past
What better portrait of a writer than to show a man who has been bewitched by books ?	13	Past
Or was Mr Eichelberger simply an executive with a client to please and a job to do a pure professional ?	1	Past
As you sit above the world , the warmth of the golden sun penetrates your body and makes you feel warmer and warmer .	17	Present
The Museum of Flight in Seattle , Washington was also proposed as another location for a shuttle , going so far as to build a new building to house an orbiter .	10	Past
Many people , including Indigenous groups , argue they trivialize First Nations culture .	7	Present
This command displays the Import dialog box so that you can select an XML document as well as a schema , which describes the structure of the data .	2	Present
In the empty immensity of earth , sky , and water , there she was , incomprehensible , firing into a continent .	14	Past
Woud it be better if I got another filter and connected the other phone as well ?	10	Past
We arrived early and the staff was very accomodating to our families and the situation we were in .	6	Past
So now there are hundreds of al - Qaeda members in Iraq where there had been none before .	15	Past
I got a riding lesson today on one of my boss 's fino horses and it made me realize just how unsteady my left leg is .	25	Present
I 'd probably be more inclined to board my two dogs here , seeing that they do n't just take every dog coming in .	16	Present
Do you have a Facebook Page ?	0	Present
I gave the woman I spoke with today a " You 've been yelped ! " card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna .	11	Present
Can you get it signed ASAP and back to me .	4	Past
Full reconciliation of contracts within the OBSF to Barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to AS400 Barclays account	18	Present
The Quineys had three children , all of whom died without marrying .	9	Past
Meditation has to do with what is called ideation .	6	Present
M.D. Nalapat , an expert on jihad , is professor of geopolitics at the Manipal Academy of Higher Education , India .	8	Present
If you select to save the schema as XSD , the file is saved as .xsd .	12	Present
We 've been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the " Babies Elliott " had arrived .	16	Past
Sociologists have explored the adverse consequences of discrimination [ 3 – 5 ] ;	2	Past
Are the adherent of ' Crowleyan Thelema ' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect ' energy ? '	13	Present
You forget , dear Charlie , that the laborer is worthy of his hire , she said , brightly .	1	Present
During his time there , Kipling also met and fell in love with Florence Garrard who was boarding with Trix at Southsea ( to which Trix had returned ) .	16	Past
( 31 ) For the purpose of definitions used in this Directive it is useful to refer to relevant international standards such as ISO 14040 ( 32 ) .	8	Past
This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave because other people were waiting .	8	Past
No business is going to push customers away without good reason ; so is n't it reasonable to think they might know what they 're doing ?	24	Present
The neighbours are still interfering , but there are signs that rather than undermining Afghanistan ’s stability they may now be trying to strengthen it .	4	Present
With a roar , the fire turned emerald green and rose higher than Fred , who stepped right into it , shouted , Diagon Alley ! and vanished .	16	Past
Exhausted , stomach rumbling , mind spinning over the same unanswerable questions , Harry fell into an uneasy sleep .	3	Present
Doctor Hank is Amazing	2	Present
Textual evidence also supports the view that several of the plays were revised by other writers after their original composition .	11	Past
The only neurological sign that he shows is that he barely drags his toes and sometimes has trouble with his right lead .	6	Present
Thanks for doing such great work on my important pieces of clothing that always look great !	14	Present
It allows you to precisely select the data that will be displayed , to specify the order or arrangement of the data , and to modify or add information .	11	Past
" We face a dangerous sentence .	2	Present
And my -- no , I still do n't remember what I had .	12	Past
The next item is the joint debate on the following statement and oral question :	3	Present
All the regional countries have publicly backed the Karzai government and supported the electoral process , but serious undercurrents remain as they all have their favourite contenders in Afghanistan .	23	Present
However , the breakdown between him and Linares and the discontinuation of the progressive line provoked the Revolution of Vindication which overthrew him in 1879 .	15	Past
Wandering , therefore , was a kind of mindlessness .	4	Past
I called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told " This is a Days Inn , not the Hilton " and the receptionist then hung up on me .	12	Past
It is pointless to try to understand the subtle differences between the Sunni terror of Al Qaeda and Hamas and the Shiite terror of Hezbollah , Sadr and other Iranian - inspired enterprises .	31	Past
THIS IS ABSOLUTELY LEGAL !!!! !	1	Present
Martin 's box is working wonderfully - I 'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by Friday .	11	Past
Visas and Study Permits are administered by Citizenship and Immigration Canada , and any questions regarding applications should be directed to them .	5	Past
She says this in so ringing a voice that I retreat .	1	Present
For the rest , after his hours of work , a casual stroll or a casual spree on shore suffices to unfold for him the secret of a whole continent , and generally he finds the secret not worth knowing .	34	Present
Internet Department is rude and insulting	2	Present
These facilities we 've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and providing outstanding access to U.S. and international visitors . "	3	Present
She chose the hastag #IStandWithAhmed and posted to Twitter .	6	Past
This is legislation requiring a unanimous vote in the Council , which is usually a guarantee of inaction .	1	Present
Yes maam , she 's UBS now .	4	Present
By the 7th century BC , social unrest had become widespread , and the Areopagus appointed Draco to draft a strict new law code ( hence " draconian " ) .	8	Past
I wondered who did all the work on Earth .	3	Past
Perfect since I 'm on a budget .	3	Present
And they seem to be posted at fairly regular intervals ?	5	Past
Rumor also had it some renegade biologist brought a caged pair to Yellowstone and released them into the wild sometime in the 1970s , hoping to reestablish a breeding population .	14	Past
Norton initially made a living as a businessman , but he lost his fortune investing in Peruvian rice .	11	Past
I live in the neighborhood and this place is one of my favorites for a tasty , quick and inexpensive meal .	8	Present
They consider modernity as their enemy , but then they have two problems .	1	Present
Black rags were wound round their loins , and the short ends behind wagged to and fro like tails .	3	Past
I had been a patient of Dr. Olbina for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on crowns etc .	1	Past
The US Red Cross has mobilised thousands of volunteers for its biggest - ever natural disaster effort and federal emergency teams are being dispatched to affected areas .	25	Past
Just because Al Qaeda likes its truck bombs and the like to be effective does not mean they do not see the value in a deadly missive .	14	Present
Rodents require special bedding in their cages to absorb their waste , and this needs to be cleaned regularly , or your hamster could suffer from problems due the buildup of ammonia from his urine .	1	Present
Where are you living these days ?	1	Present
Firstly , does the total amount of Community budget receipts cover the current requirement of the European Union ?	2	Present
This is by far the best run dealership in Miami .	6	Past
He looked pleasantly into the martini jug and put it down again patiently .	1	Past
The mere wealth I leave to others .	4	Present
Hamnet died of unknown causes at the age of 11 and was buried 11 August 1596 .	1	Past
Cons : * Server was n't very pleasant * Pretty small portion on the blackened catfish * Overcooked food * Time , took about 25 minutes from ordering to eating .	4	Past
Sent by : Ben Jacoby@ECT	0	Past
Please approve Susan 's attached expense report and forward to accounting with a cc : to me .	4	Past
Perhaps we are only further complicating a matter which should really have left Parliament as quickly as possible once a decision had been reached .	21	Past
And their breakfast is awesome !!	3	Present
i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex female and the silkie females would make ?	1	Past
We 've had a crate made to transport Fritzi , and she 's been trying it on him .	12	Present
One resident of New Orleans said escaping from the storm was " hell " .	10	Past
This Muggle woman bought it , took it home and tried to serve her friends tea in it .	10	Past
Then came a crackling in the wires , the sound of further dialing , more voices .	1	Past
Arrogant people often subconsciously know that they do n't have any good friends .	4	Present
... Fishing , Jet skies , snorkeling , diving are some of the things you can do for fun .	9	Present
A number of extremist groups , under the cover of the Islamist movement , have become active in drug trafficking , gun running and anti-Indian activities .	15	Past
The sun set ; the dusk fell on the stream , and lights began to appear along the shore .	6	Past
I think this entity should stay with 83N .	1	Present
[ Karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between India and Pakistan in Afghanistan .	3	Present
On Friday , fishermen rescued over 700 asylum seekers whose boat sank , and the Indonesian Navy reportedly saved 200 more after they were found swimming along the coast of Aceh , Indonesia .	23	Past
You and I could go over to Shea tomorrow and get hired as the top two starters .	11	Past
He was the person , he and his wife Jan , introduced -- reintroduced me and Laura in his backyard in July of 1977 .	11	Past
The man was looking at him , even studying him , and if recognition did not flicker across his face , it still held something more than a blank stare .	2	Past
if you had any pics of your hens i would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks ?	2	Past
Attached for your review are draft talking points for the Cal Energy Markets conference I 'm speaking at on Thursday in SF .	4	Present
We hypothesized that the children , who were over the age of six at the time of collection , would have adult-like SI interpretations .	7	Past
I decided to get a 150 gal aquarium , what can I fill it with ?	1	Past
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .	1	Past
I just need to talk to an another american who has gone to the UK before so that I know what expect when arriving at the airport and with going through visa process and everything .	2	Present
James J. Hoecker , the former Federal Energy Regulatory Commission chairman , defended making the December decision and also defended Winter .	12	Past
Do n't waste time , just drive 10 minutes more down to Stevens Creek , they actually do try to help their customers there !	17	Present
In recent months , its fallibility has become evident .	7	Past
The impact depends on a number of aspects .	2	Present
" Calculation of Floating Amount : The Floating Amount payable by [ ENA ] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows :	26	Present
To avoid confusion , ensure that aliases and column names are always unique in an SQL statement .	10	Present
He saw the argument for making the call , and at the same time he saw the argument for not making it .	1	Past
Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .	3	Past
The same week , the WTC head testified that while they had not received any briefing on the use of planes , they had taken steps to prepare for an attack using anthrax based on intelligence that had been received .	13	Past
And , he did n't think he needed to know anything about South Asia , with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics -- the latter a dire security threat to the US .	3	Past
That 's right , said Quinn .	4	Past
We were n’t going to touch on her dress , or who she was dating .	14	Present
Also that , I heard in the next few years Fujairah would be as good as Dubai , is it true ?	18	Present
They explained that elk in Yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams , a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion .	6	Past
Bush received an honorable discharge after serving five years , four months and five days of his original six - year commitment .	1	Past
( this way the will associate your hand with food , and birds love food lol ) Then I turned on the tv and watch .	13	Present
Since most people are going there anyway , you can always ask people to share taxi .	3	Present
Marlow sat cross-legged right aft , leaning against the mizzen-mast .	1	Past
The authors find another intriguing effect , too .	4	Present
Over 12 months , CM Photographics generated nearly 40,000 dollars in revenue directly from a 600 dollars advertising investment on Facebook .	6	Past
Starting in February , you will be able to export the data , as opposed to using the spreadsheets .	14	Past
Yes it 's ok .	2	Present
I 'm assuming this was in reference to the January earthquake , do n't worry , it was very deep , so nothing was effected :)	17	Past
They 've always been timely and inexpensive .	3	Past
From childhood to old age they remained the same , and a man with the head to see it could theoretically look into the eyes of a boy in a photograph and recognize the same person as an old man .	6	Past
So now there are hundreds of al - Qaeda members in Iraq where there had been none before .	14	Past
Four whole months , after which he took advantage of a little - known , little - invoked regulation that allowed him to desert his " band of brothers " .	20	Past
* Preserves a rate differential between the Redwood and Baja paths , although somewhat less than the current differential . *	1	Present
Today we have two directives before us , including this one on capital income .	2	Present
Like , last year , some old witch died and her tea set was sold to an antiques shop .	8	Past
We looked at the venerable stream not in the vivid flush of a short day that comes and departs for ever , but in the august light of abiding memories .	16	Present
Once a storm moves over any appreciably sized piece of land , the moisture source is removed and the storm begins to dissipate .	20	Present
Is there any way can let him know how to walk with leash ?	0	Present
I specially did n't say anything about the colour because I did n't want to muddle you up .	2	Past
The question is , " Should he have known it was coming ? "	2	Present
According to a report prepared by a committee of Arab intellectuals and published under the auspices of the U.N. , the number of books translated by the entire Arab world is much smaller than what little Greece alone translates .	24	Past
You have heard , of course , that the Ministry is conducting more raids , said Mr Malfoy , taking a roll of parchment from his inside pocket and unravelling it for Mr Borgin to read .	2	Past
All three of Mrs Weasley 's sons were taller than she was , but they cowered as her rage broke over them .	11	Past
The Texas Education Reform Caucus is made up of business leaders , educators , and elected officials dedicated to finding common sense approaches to improving education in Texas .	5	Present
We have been working closely together to identify the issues as they develop and propose solutions .	1	Present
Second , he could not fully grasp that rising real material living standards for the working class might well go hand in hand with a rising rate of exploitation – that is , a smaller income share for labor .	17	Past
These included run-on lines , irregular pauses and stops , and extreme variations in sentence structure and length .	1	Past
Sails are not represented in prehistoric Mesoamerican iconography or texts , instead , it is theorized that canoes were used as a primary mode of water transportation for the ancient Maya .	1	Present
I played dumb and asked him questions that I already knew the answers to and he responded with half truths and a few falsehoods .	10	Past
I slipped through one of these cracks , went up a swept and ungarnished staircase , as arid as a desert , and opened the first door I came to .	28	Past
Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 11/20/2004 03:10:35 PM	0	Past
as R - G said , there are only 16 in an American one .	4	Past
It was a well-kept place , with polished doorknobs and clean glass , and it had an air of bourgeois sobriety that appealed to Quinn at that moment .	1	Past
if everything is filtered , and you still have this problem - try changing the filter - if it is still there , try doubling up on the filters ...	8	Present
We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying , " was I got ta have it ! "	13	Past
Many of his plays were published in editions of varying quality and accuracy during his lifetime .	5	Past
The latter is overseeing the Republican primaries , in which Rachida Dati supports Nicolas Sarkozy 's candidacy .	3	Present
Secondly , the origin rules applicable to imports to third countries from the Community are still based on individual Member States .	16	Past
In the shot from the back , the crumpled bottom of the curtain is pretty noticeable as well as the power outlet .	8	Past
A 1970 evaluation said Bush “ clearly stands out as a top notch fighter interceptor pilot ” and was “ a natural leader whom his contemporaries look to for leadership . ”	18	Past
Then he turned to look at Ron , who was watching him almost nervously , as though waiting for his opinion .	2	Past
I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law .	1	Present
Mrs Weasley had appeared , holding a long poker like a sword .	3	Past
The supernatural being had not been touched after he fell .	9	Past
All I can say is that Elmira you are the best I ve experienced , never before has the seamstress done a perfect job until i met you .	13	Past
The inside of the church smelled like damp wood and furniture polish , not alive at all .	5	Past
Here is what I do now and it really helps ....	9	Present
As far as being treated like a drug seeker , that has not been my experience .	13	Past
Power be where power lies .	4	Present
He said that resistance was the only commonsense solution .	1	Past
her first stories were published in a minor newspaper under her pen name , Ichiyo Higuchi .	4	Past
Having a team was the best because they kept the flow of the wedding going the whole time !	3	Past
My perspective is entirely based on what I see , on what I read and on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years .	13	Present
Paul McCartney said that George Harrison is a nothing .	6	Present
this is not where the Blue Water Bridge Duty Free is located .	1	Present
We lived here for 2 years , the first year or so was okay .	12	Past
Here 's a great vegan cupcake recipe to use as a base for whatever flavored icing you want to add to it .	1	Present
They 're fit and healthy and their care is suitable .	1	Present
And before Harry could stop him , Dobby bounded off the bed , seized Harry 's desk lamp , and started beating himself around the head with ear-splitting yelps .	20	Past
But the terms that Russia is demanding , if accepted by the West , would fatally undermine Ukraine 's sovereignty ;	14	Past
Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under John 's name ( if so , to whom will the letter be sent ) ?	6	Past
So , yes , America has pockets that are more diverse than others .	8	Present
I have taken this tour and it was great .	1	Present
People goggled through the bars at him as he lay , starving and weak , on a bed of straw .	1	Past
it seems like I 'm at a real restaurant like Applebee s , their food is usually that good	4	Present
Additionally , because this question was only asked of respondents who reported prior discrimination experiences , the built-in skip pattern resulted in a large number of cases scored as missing ( legitimate skip ) .	27	Past
this is why hooking your arms through the harness is essential .	9	Present
F-E focuses attention on the message itself , in both form and content .	1	Present
My weekends seem to be taken up with condo matters , house hunting .	5	Past
The lime green Skittles add a sourness to the drink , so if you want one that 's sweet , leave the green ones out and add them to their own bottle for a sour lime vodka .	4	Present
Conditional filtering	1	Present
What is your cat s name and why did you name him / her that ?	8	Past
I laugh and say , no , that Warwick is in New York , but I 'm at the Radison - Warwick .	3	Present
Tears lurked mysteriously behind his eyes , and his voice seemed to tremble as he spoke , but somehow he managed to hold his own .	15	Past
One time we even left after sitting at the table for 20 minutes and not being greeted with a drink order .	16	Past
Quinn realized that he did n't care .	4	Past
The present evidence relating to Atta 's alleged travel to Prague does not warrant a conclusion that Al Qaeda obtained the Ames strain from Iraq .	11	Present
I revised the language based on our discussions and added the language concerning interest which we had both previously approved .	1	Past
" There will be protests and other things , it 's all already planned , " the opposition told El Mundo .	13	Past
What do you do ?	1	Present
She was just down here too .	1	Past
And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka .	2	Present
Here was the symbolic attainment of something he had believed in , willed and worked for , for a good stretch of his life :	14	Past
I lived there for 8 months .	1	Past
Osama Bin Laden later invoked the symbolism in his video " The 19 Martyrs . "	4	Past
As soon as the trays are removed , the Hasidim block the aisles with their Minchah service , rocking themselves and stretching their necks upward .	21	Present
He immediately said " no , there is a $ 50 deposit now ! "	7	Present
The attention is the main point made in this study , since it is fundamental to the learning process and be recurring complaint among parents and teachers in schools .	2	Present
I would n't have mentioned the fellow to you at all , only it was from his lips that I first heard the name of the man who is so indissolubly connected with the memories of that time .	3	Present
Sufaat used his company called Green Laboratory Medicine to buy items useful to Al Qaeda .	4	Past
Quinn heard laughter in the hallway , first from a woman and then from a child – the high and the higher , a staccato of ringing shrapnel – and then the basso rumbling of Auster 's guffaw .	33	Present
I 'm not kidding , I once lost a hamster in my house 3 months later I walk down in the basement and it was as big as a rat .	3	Present
“ Nonetheless , ” the traveler said , and she walked out .	6	Past
Prominent Builders in New Jersey are one the best building contractors , I was referred to them by my friend , I am so glad I used them for my Home renovation , and addition .	5	Present
Trek is not so great	1	Present
Beware of the nail program you are not taught to use a nail drill AT ALL you learn the old fashioned way of doing nails you will not be able to do well in a salon !!!	8	Past
The fingers closed slowly on it and held – there was no other movement and no other glance .	2	Past
I know it can take a while for results and did n't expect a miracle , but after 2 months I felt like it was not entirely worth the cost / time .	10	Past
The whole Western Addition and a large portion of the Haight was black .	11	Past
Complexities surrounding the operation of the Off Balance Sheet Facility ( " OBSF " ) which commenced two weeks before the year end .	16	Past
" I am about to become a genius .	5	Past
The reality is that India is no longer the enemy of choice for the people of Pakistan .	5	Present
It was , in a curious way , an extension of what he was at the official receptions where many people had little idea who the white stranger was , sitting in a modest place of honour ;	28	Past
Nota held the rank of captain in the Russian army and fought the Germans until 1945 .	1	Past
amd i like 2 guys	2	Present
When creating a data access page , you can choose whether you want to link the page to a connection file or simply use a connection file without creating a link .	28	Present
Steve , I noticed that our allocation from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21 % year on year ( ie ) $ 13.9 M from $ 11.5 M .	11	Present
If you don't have a Facebook account , you can sign up for one in a few easy steps .	9	Present
It can ward off and cure a number of diseases , keeps the body youthful and enables an easy delivery in childbirth .	16	Present
2 ) The employees constantly talk down to customers and are very argumentative for the sake of being argumentative .	5	Present
Please note that effective immediately my email address has changed to Sean.Cooper@ElPaso.com	8	Present
He looked up and saw the woman first .	1	Past
Four in 10 adults have been injured due to bad weather while nine in 10 underestimate how chilly Britain can get in the winter time .	6	Past
However , the last buses from the city centre leave at around 8 pm in the evenings and you are not allowed to leave your car in a Park and Ride overnight .	19	Present
Madam President , I do not wish to reopen the debate , but I had also asked for the floor , to comment on Mr Barón Crespo 's motion .	14	Past
They told me that this is not under warranty and want to charge me $ 175 just to diagnose the problem !	1	Past
The newly released papers , showing him complicit in the airliner bombing , were mentioned	2	Past
While air mass identification was originally used in weather forecasting during the 1950s , climatologists began to establish synoptic climatologies based on this idea in 1973 .	15	Past
- it chemically sets - gets warm to hot then cools down and hard and	5	Present
Which essentially sounds like he 's worried that Bill or Melinda are going to die soon .	12	Present
For one brief instant Quinn thought , So this is what detective work is like . But other than that he thought nothing .	21	Past
Service was horrible .	1	Past
Some of this stuff is dangerous -- this experiment is not meant for children !	9	Present
This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave because other people were waiting .	1	Present
They did a vehicle wrap for my Toyota Venza that looks amazing .	1	Past
Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I 'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon .	1	Present
The Moldovan airline is Aerocom , and yes , it 's one of Victor Bout 's .	3	Present
A query that uses wildcard characters in a criteria expression can produce different results under each query mode .	3	Present
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	1	Present
Mrs Weasley was marching across the yard , scattering chickens , and for a short , plump , kind-faced woman , it was remarkable how much she looked like a saber-toothed tiger .	2	Past
Fort Lee also has a great community center open to all borough residents .	3	Present
Auster put the check on the coffee table , as if to say the matter had been settled .	16	Past
So Harry had been brought up by his dead mother 's sister and her husband .	2	Past
If someone is continually telling unfunny jokes , do you eventually fire them ?	2	Present
" I can only imagine that this is what Hiroshima looked like 60 years ago , " said Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour after viewing the destruction from the air .	17	Past
We have some people who are great at politics ; some people we give all the war stuff to ; someone who is in charge of the Britney Spears story of the week — the entertainment stories .	1	Present
Like Wikipedia , wikiHow is a wiki that runs on Mediawiki software .	4	Present
I must say , I was impressed with the size of the bar area and lounge , & I liked that you could see the brewery right thru the glass !	19	Past
Do n't be too sure , he continued .	7	Past
$ 101 m - Amount Lay made from selling his Enron shares just before the company went bankrupt .	6	Past
Musharraf made his coup in part because of the military 's anger over Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's willingness to back down from confronting India over Kashmir , so that he explicitly came to power as a warmonger .	1	Past
Probably it is .	2	Present
Built during the Safavid period , it is an excellent example of Islamic architecture of Iran , and regarded as one of the masterpieces of Persian Architecture .	7	Present
No one is left out ; there are clear references to women , for example .	2	Present
A stooping man had appeared behind the counter , smoothing his greasy hair back from his face .	9	Present
I think Darfur is , again , the last , or among the last battles between old and new .	3	Present
In fact Philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not filipinos but helping the Philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot of the country .	3	Present
He said , Certainly I thought of going back , then . Before we left .	5	Past
They tell me he 's got the contract for the whole Isoza River reclamation scheme ... employs engineers from Poland and Italy	5	Past
Yet we did n't charge them for the evacuation .	2	Past
I believe someone called about this today , but Mr. Lay asked me to let you know that these dates do n't work for him , either .	3	Past
Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 2/7/2005 01:09:32 AM	0	Past
IMPLICATION -- It seems prudent for Enron to understand better its risks of getting fingered .	14	Past
The place where I 'm boarding is not likely to want to take me this far , and I do not have any ways of hauling him myself .	4	Present
She next faced defending champion and top seed Sara Errani , but was defeated .	2	Past
They went the extra mile to repair my cowboy boots -- they had to have a special kind of paper that looked like wood grain to fix the heels .	21	Past
It 's really difficult to find a place that is absolutely dark and accessible to you when you 're outside .	1	Present
Clinton tried , and tried hard .	4	Past
Its management , however , has n't been devoid of criticism .	5	Present
He was discharged when the Continental Army was disbanded in December 1783 .	2	Past
SQL Server verifies that the account name and password were validated when the user logged on to the system and grants access to the database , without requiring a separate logon name or password .	2	Present
Happiness and enjoyment lie ahead .	3	Present
I 'm assuming they are completely out of business since I ca n't find any contact information .	1	Present
As a matter of fact , he was as not normal as it is possible to be .	7	Past
Now my car s gears and brakes have never run so well ... ever it s like driving a new car .	15	Present
or has acquired some type of disease and that too needs to be attended to ...	13	Past
Today 's announcement is an affront to the thousands of dedicated men and women at Johnson Space Center , the greater Houston community and the State of Texas , and I m deeply disappointed with the Administration 's misguided decision .	33	Past
Thane is in an Ercot PRS meeting Friday from 9:30 until 3:00 .	1	Present
Abymes nothing special to see , but the weekend , there are 3 local nightclubs : L'instant , Caraibes and Latin Club .	11	Present
I think she just wants to be able to touch football players legs .	4	Present
You have to have very good teachers in mathematics if you really want to enjoy and to succeed in it .	12	Present
In the photo on the couch , the pillow she is resting on clashes with everything else in the shot .	13	Present
It was a wrong number that started it , the telephone ringing three times in the dead of night , and the voice on the other end asking for someone he was not .	31	Past
We are doing quite well .	1	Present
If they 're nice to your face , but talk bad about you behind your back like it 's their favourite hobby , then they probably have a problem with pride .	18	Present
Peter Dale Scott includes an account of how Terrell 's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book Cocaine Politics .	11	Past
Based on specific intelligence inputs , Army arrested Ghulam Mohiuddin Lone , a LeT man , from Doda district .	0	Past
That address is .	2	Present
Then human feelings , human experience , the human form and face , recover their proper place the foreground .	13	Present
Has the disaster affected the way other countries view the US ?	8	Present
Other pro-Beijing elected were FTU 's Kwok Wai-keung and DAB 's Horace Cheung .	2	Past
If this interpretation required knowledge on Stillman 's part , then Quinn would accept this knowledge as an article of faith , at least for the time being .	3	Past
it s for a craft project ..... i want to use it the way u would use icing ....	1	Present
Well that ’s kind of an unending war , so do we want NATO to exist , do we want there to be a Western military alliance that carries out these activities , with no pretense of defense ?	17	Present
It was incorporated as a city on May 26 , 1955 .	2	Past
They 'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want , plus all the information you need to apply .	12	Present
Would that not be better than total harmonization , which is fundamentally a commercial rule aimed at promoting commercial interests , not food quality ?	17	Present
The charges that they have put some vets up to making against Kerry are false and can be demonstrated by the historical record to be false .	4	Present
Both unbeaten teams going in , the Brazillian team won the championship and $ 50,000 .	9	Past
Neil has a meeting in San Antonio ( usually it is in Miami , San Francisco , Phoenix - not so great this year ) .	10	Present
To encourage participation , the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development ( EBRD ) could invest in companies alongside foreign and local investors , as it did in Central Europe .	26	Past
I need 2 things from you .	1	Present
Meanwhile , President George W Bush has said he will lead an inquiry into how the disaster was handled .	18	Past
there is something after all in the world allowing one man to steal a horse while another must not look at a halter .	8	Present
No , no – well , Ras took her ...	7	Past
‘’ Bush was very well briefed before the meeting , ’’ the diplomat said .	13	Past
For example , the Count function returns a count of all the records without Null values .	6	Present
He moved across the river to Southwark by 1599 , the year his company constructed the Globe Theatre there .	1	Past
The Blindleia is a skerry - protected waterway that starts near Kristiansand in southern Norway , and continues past Lillesand .	9	Present
I know that a transaction of this magnitude would make anyone apprehensive and worried .	1	Present
Marriage is , in and of itself , a noble concept , but it too often leads to kids and kids flat out suck .	16	Present
What follows is the text of an e-mail sent to me by a friend of mine ( thanks to Dave Manzano ) .	2	Present
On Monday I called and again it was a big to - do to find anyone who knew anything about it .	17	Past
we purchased a new home but was unable to sell our old house so we contacted this property management company and they have helped us quickly rent out our house and keep it maintained .	1	Past
the company is Arco Products , adn their comments are on the attached file .	12	Past
88 - Percentage of workers at Ground Zero who Now suffer from ear , nose , or throat problems .	10	Present
Call me if you have time .	4	Present
I visited London , Edinburgh , and St. Andrew s so far , and I was treated very well and with great kindness .	15	Past
My Group will therefore support the common position and looks forward to the enactment of the legislation which will provide us with yet another tool in our fight to make transport in the European Union as safe as possible .	18	Present
Thomas Sam , 42 , and his wife Manju Sam , 36 , from Sydney , Australia , are undergoing trial for manslaughter by gross negligence for the death of their nine-month-old child , Gloria .	19	Present
What you have read in the internet is fairly accurate but of course it does not fit all scenarios .	14	Present
The call - in number and instructions for the 11/2 8:30 a.m. meeting are as follows :	13	Present
Two years later when I got around to filling for his birth certificate , I find out he was never registered .	5	Past
There was an air of plotting about that station , but nothing came of it , of course .	12	Past
He had a robe that was made back in the '60s .	1	Past
I do n't think it matters	5	Present
The last time I did that I was suggested to buy oblivion when I told them I was looking for a fps .	4	Past
I 'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually , I 'm sure I do n't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me .	30	Present
I will probably be calling you next week - the desk wants me to become more involved in regulatory updates so I will seek your assistance with this matter .	11	Present
However , in the mid-1980s , Cleveland earned the nickname the " Comeback City ' as the urban core experienced a dramatic revitalization process that continues today .	19	Past
They pride themselves on being an event and team building company for corporate clients but you better believe they are going to mark you up on that feel good premise .	19	Present
They do n't seem to know anything but the hype they are told and the packages they have available to them .	11	Present
So , as each post is downloaded and the directions carefully followed , all members will be reimbursed for their participation as a List Developer with one dollar each .	17	Past
By using a schema , you can ensure that any XML document that is used to import data into Access or export from Access to another format contains specific data and conforms to a defined structure .	31	Present
It ALL had to do with the sales guy which was a young 22 year old who had admittedly only been working for 2 weeks .	10	Past
First there is the paragraph inviting the Commission to withdraw its proposal .	5	Present
It 's fine - just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm .	14	Present
They 're going to talk about their kids , they 're going to talk about football , they 're going to talk about the weather .	10	Present
The trustee 's oppositon papers are now due Nov 27 and Enron reply is due Dec 1 .	5	Present
He was amazing , and had a penholder behind his ear .	1	Past
He said that they have the training and the funding as well as the support of neighbouring and regional governments .	1	Past
Unfortunately , rapid population growth and urban sprawl has covered much of these ecosystems with development .	8	Present
He shook it , feeling the uncanny slenderness of her bones , and asked if her name was Norwegian .	4	Present
Newsweek reported that a " second wave " involving biological attacks had been thwarted upon the arrest of Al Qaeda members who had been intended to provide logistical support .	22	Past
And it can be a very complicated thing , what human health is .	2	Present
The crew at The Creative Workshop went over and above the call of duty and gave me back a car I can drive anywhere and finally enjoy owning .	6	Past
Sometimes this information is available , but usually not .	3	Present
July is when he started to exhibit slight symptoms and the owner and vet originally thought it was just some nerve damage from something in the pasture with no visible injury .	4	Past
They have fresh flowers , lasted a long while in the vase , and the two ladies at the shop know the business well .	1	Present
She died from infection caused by severe eczema after they shunned effective conventional medical treatments for homeopathy , a form of alternative medicine that has been described as pseudoscience .	26	Past
This was by boat from continental Europe .	1	Past
For example , I am concerned when I buy the monthly bus passes and I have to fill in my SS number .	8	Present
Ticket price was $ 1,183 per ticket .	2	Past
the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open - ended downside , loses $ 50 million , and then claims that it was not a valid contract .	14	Present
With each breath , feel the muscles in your body becoming lighter and lighter , and also your external motor and sensory organs are feeling like they are withdrawing from the world into a special inner quietness .	23	Present
It was huge and scared the crap out of me .	4	Past
The latter date can only have fallen on a Friday if an exceptional leap month had been introduced that year , but this was favoured by Newton .	15	Past
This is important , but so is enforcement and there are , of course , a number of reasons why we need to pay particular attention to this .	21	Present
Much of the violence aimed at American forces is coming from disgruntled Sunni factions that have their own militias , believe the last elections were a sham , and hold little political power in the government .	15	Present
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they had n’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .	15	Past
What Dunn 's committee hopes to learn is why all these events transpired .	12	Past
Look for a lot of stripes in their head that starts from the beak and goes back to the back fo the bird .	10	Present
There was lax control over the distribution of the Ames strain that was used , especially in light of the fact that transfers were not even required to be recorded prior to 1997 .	23	Past
I am not certain about the needs for the London Underwriting / IV group but will request the information from them if you have not done so already .	25	Past
" Wolves are still pretty new .	2	Present
Another report from the cliff made me think suddenly of that ship of war I had seen firing into a continent .	16	Past
I sent a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was .	13	Past
Brass has an even higher melting point than bronze and I would think your charcoal just does n't get hot enough .	1	Present
She gestured and laughed , but her husband was eager to break in , holding up his hands over the plate balanced on his knees .	3	Past
I did all my research and am well prepared to keep one , I 'm 14 by the way	1	Past
Your answer does n't do anything but remind me that I 'm going to be $ 25,000 in debt by the time I 'm 22 .	2	Present
And there we are , Kissinger has entirely wrecked Russia 's Middle East policy and the Pope is about to swap the Vatican for the Kremlin .	8	Past
Students like Rai have been meeting with counsellors at the school to talk about what happened , but she said the biggest comfort has come from seeing her friends .	23	Present
The epitaph carved into the stone slab covering his grave includes a curse against moving his bones , which was carefully avoided during restoration of the church in 2008 .	21	Past
the attitude of some staff is terrible , did not solve anything only say i can do nothing .	8	Past
if the trouble goes away with the modem off , then make sure that EVERYTHING EXCEPT the modem is filtered , this would include the alarm system , fax machine , satellite boxes , phones , etc ...	18	Present
To this end , entertainment media like soap operas , which have emerged as important tools for empowering women in conservative Middle Eastern societies , could be employed .	25	Past
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .	26	Past
It was a black female that use to work in the office .	6	Past
Then an engine man from the Balkans said , " In our village we nailed owls to the church door when we caught them . "	14	Past
We felt that the menu had a little more variety on the Mariner of the Seas .	5	Past
Some humans who have , for various reasons , become aware of their impending death , develop psychological coping strategies to deal with this ;	3	Present
They happened in the Philippines which , like Pakistan , is an important and vulnerable node for the business which intelligence agencies and terrorist organizations conduct with each other .	25	Present
From what you say the messages given by this girl are quite clear .	10	Present
I WAS ALSO THERE OF JULY 4TH 2008 , WHEN MY DAUGHTER S BUFFALO WINGS CAME OUT WITH A FLY ON IT .	1	Past
Encino has been blessed by the opening of this smoke shop most definately .	3	Past
Stop gibbering , said Ron , we 've come to take you home with us .	0	Present
Of course you do , you 're a Mets fan caught in a do-or-die moment in late September at Shea	6	Present
It sounds ( according to your own statement ) that they had a roomful of dogs , so they must be doing something right - and are keeping those dogs safe from potential problems .	27	Present
Students like Rai have been meeting with counsellors at the school to talk about what happened , but she said the biggest comfort has come from seeing her friends .	19	Past
Here are some articles that discuss the details of slogan writing .	1	Present
Tmobile want to Send of my phone and i did n't want to go thru that ...	1	Present
In other words , how do they treat those with different beliefs , cultural backgrounds and ways of seeing the world ?	5	Present
The Rupertsberg cloister was destroyed during the Thirty Years ' War in 1632 by Swedish troops .	4	Past
Addressing inequality requires greater redistribution through national tax systems , together with enhanced programs for adult education , presumably making heavy use of new technologies .	12	Past
This is why we will be approving the report which has been presented to us .	6	Present
He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project Novial .	1	Past
The two main factors driving that increase were the expansion of credit and the rapid rise in resources devoted to asset management ( associated , not coincidentally , with the exponential growth in financial - sector incomes ) .	23	Past
I read of a case not long ago when some people were trying to get a polygamous judge taken off the bench for not obeying state law .	18	Past
By comparing my observations to what my colleagues and predecessors had found , I figured out what group it belongs to , and was able to determine that within that group , it was a new species .	11	Past
During his time there , Kipling also met and fell in love with Florence Garrard who was boarding with Trix at Southsea ( to which Trix had returned ) .	9	Past
But she did a fabulous job letting me know what she was doing at all times and styled my hair in a way i could do it at home .	12	Present
I think they have the largest collection for Chandeliers Chicago .	3	Present
Are you free for lunch today .	0	Present
I declare the first international Olympic games over .	1	Present
In addition , statute determines the election of assembly of regions , and metropolitan districts .	4	Present
This would have to be determined on a case by case basis .	5	Past
So far what they have done together has been good for us and that ’s how we would like to keep it ’’ , says Karzai .	8	Past
I would recommend that you get two parakeets .	5	Present
She has taken care of my sweet girl for almost 4 years now and I would not let Gracee go with anyone besides her !!!	2	Past
If the baby is feathered yet - which I 'm sure he is mostly - he should be fine .	9	Present
These guys were the best .	2	Past
i doing a research paper on donatello and i notice that there are two statues of David , a bronze one and marble one .	9	Present
I found this pure white bird in my neighborhood , its wing is injured , so I 'm currently taking care of it .	17	Present
I cried the entire way home .	1	Past
This cost is averaging $ 79,000 per month if we continue to run the compressor as we have in August and September .	17	Present
I think this location is no longer in business .	4	Present
The way China develops is vital for the way our own societies develop .	3	Present
Wilson was claiming that he had been working for the CIA when he sold the C - 4 to Quaddaffi .	5	Past
I had a routine surgery for an ingrown toenail .	1	Past
Co-founder of Google , Sergey Brin , personally met with Mohamed during his visit to Google .	8	Past
Over charged .	1	Past
Elements do not overlap .	1	Present
3 When you filter a field , the drop-down arrow Field arrow for the filtered field changes to blue instead of black , and the AutoFilter button on the toolbar is selected .	31	Past
When he had come to the end , he said , Do you think I 'm crazy ?	15	Present
but more than anything , there 's a lot of good feeling around here .	6	Present
Andy Haldane , one of the lieutenants Carney inherited at the BoE , has questioned the financial sector 's economic contribution , pointing to " its ability to both invigorate and incapacitate large parts of the non - financial economy .	8	Past
All Harry 's spellbooks , his wand , robes , cauldron and top-of-the-range Nimbus Two Thousand broomstick had been locked in a cupboard under the stairs by Uncle Vernon the instant Harry had come home .	33	Present
I just get hung up on ' Christians ' , as they 're the dominant form where I come from .	12	Present
Phone calls were n't returned when promised and the botched repair took a week longer than promised .	4	Past
All are equal before the law and are entitled without any discrimination to equal protection of the law .	7	Present
Horsemen riding to one side , scorning the perils . "	1	Present
Why has there been no fire drill , either in the Brussels Parliament buildings or the Strasbourg Parliament buildings ?	3	Past
It then proposes the creation of a European quality mark based on respect for the environmental criteria for production .	10	Past
The newly married couple living on the corner in front of the entrance of George 's house ( Friar Park ) refers to him as an overbearing person to stay away from .	21	Present
Going there you learn the school does not care about the services given just about the money .	6	Present
Although Musharraf did turn against the Taliban after September 11 , under extreme duress from the US , elements of his military continued to support radical Islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on Musharraf himself .	22	Past
why do nt you get some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does something right .	9	Present
Before the Andes were formed , the western margin of South America had already been the site of several orogenies .	4	Past
Corresponding with Woods by e-mail , I tried my hand at uncovering an etym .	7	Past
However , if you 're allowed another option and you want a small - town feel , then head to Edinburgh , Scotland .	18	Past
What saves us is efficiency – the devotion to efficiency .	1	Present
They have a great lunch special with your choice of meat , chicken , steak , or pork and rice and black beans and fried plantains .	1	Present
A page that uses a Microsoft Office PivotTable Component	3	Present
I would encourage anyone who is thinking of back surgery , to talk about different treatment options first with Dr. de Barros .	6	Present
i have tried EVERYTHING i can to get him to eat but he refuses .	2	Past
The aim of these clinics is to provide basic methodological competencies and technical skills in DH , for a diverse group of librarians , consisting of both subject and technical librarians with basic technical skills .	5	Present
52 - Percentage of votes cast during the 2002 midterm elections that were recorded by Election Systems & Software , the largest voting - technology firm , a big Republican donor .	12	Past
Individuals or entities who have received Derivative Works or Collective Works from You under this License , however , will not have their licenses terminated provided such individuals or entities remain in full compliance with those licenses .	24	Past
He walked forward he stretched out his hand for the handle	1	Past
The beers were good , nice choice of beers as well , and as usual the mussels were great , the place upstairs is a nice addition to the bar downstairs .	23	Present
jill allen finishes her cpa today and she and her friends are going to party .	2	Present
Although flying to the Chathams and back is not cheap , it is worth it .	7	Present
It would be , he said , without taking notice of my irritation , ' interesting for science to watch the mental changes of individuals , on the spot , but ...	5	Past
But , while Marx 's belief that capital and labor were substitutes , not complements , was a mistake in his own age , and for more than a century to follow , it may not be a mistake today .	16	Past
The premise with which the administartion is acting is that if they expeditiously suspend everyone 's right to bilateral contracts quickly , it sets up a barrier which the direct access coalition must break through .	8	Present
If the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this leaves a lot to be desired !	11	Present
The cheapest * high quality * plastic surgeons are at Yanhee Hospitals .	8	Present
Then he thought about what Max Work might have been thinking , had he been there .	2	Past
There are numerous places to stay to suit most budgets .	1	Present
Since they released kinect this was kind of their way of releasing a new Xbox so they do n't plan on making another one for a while .	5	Past
Yes , it s that good .	3	Present
We stopped in and got some take out and can not stop going back .	4	Past
It s been a few years since I have been to Ipanema .	9	Past
My rabbi is in Jerusalem . "	2	Present
I 'm 61 years old and have dental problems my entire life .	1	Present
In the realm of international economics , being perceived as boring confers power to the extent that it allows major decisions to be made without a great deal of external scrutiny .	11	Present
These themes fall under two broad categories :	2	Present
Everyone tries it once — Except that there are n’t any mites around her .	8	Present
The program is well established and we have been extremely satisfied with the teachers , the programs and the director .	7	Present
Worst experience ever like a sardine can and the bartender downstairs is the rudest person I have ever met .	18	Past
I , along with my friends , consider this doctor to be the cause of my death as he is not even trying to save my life by operating .	19	Present
I came in for alterations ( free , by the way ) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse .	1	Past
The man told him that a war between the two universes is coming , as he and Walter had predicted ; it is for this reason that Olivia , among others , was trained as a child .	18	Past
The Viguier and La Conte districts contain the majority of the city 's social housing , where the population is mainly made up of immigrants or those of immigrant origin .	6	Present
Yes , they all have secret locator chips , just like gps	4	Present
Or do you think it ’s nothing ?	5	Present
The Gliders have never won the World Championship .	2	Present
The Galileo and Ulysses spacecraft carried dust detectors onboard that Eberhard Gruen and his colleagues used to first detect and them measure the flux of interstellar dust particles streaming into the solar system .	5	Past
Paris was born in Switzerland but her parents moved her to the United Kingdom when she was six so they could be closer to the church 's headquarters .	1	Past
Low per capita income has been proposed as a cause for grievance , prompting armed rebellion .	4	Present
In his final period , Shakespeare turned to romance or tragicomedy and completed three more major plays :	6	Past
you have brought someone else into his territory , and he needs to be reminded that you still love him , and support his claim to his space .	14	Past
BC Gas wo n't sign the confirms with the rep in , and this has caused much difficulties .	15	Past
The ghoul in the attic howled and dropped pipes whenever he felt things were getting too quiet , and small explosions from Fred and George 's bedroom were considered perfectly normal .	14	Present
Following on the heels of Ben 's annoucement yesterday , I thought I 'd post that I have joined Google as well .	17	Present
Still , there are questions left unanswered .	5	Past
An old wooden street sign hanging over a shop selling poisonous candles told him he was in Knockturn Alley .	15	Past
As I mentioned , please let me know when it is ready , and I will send someone to pick it up .	10	Present
In addition , there are also two information centers located at the airport and Hadibo .	4	Present
The BBC is not responsible for the content of this e-mail , and anything written in this e-mail does not necessarily reflect the BBC 's views or opinions .	14	Past
Auster saw the yoyo in his hands and said , I see you 've already met .	11	Present
I have sat here patiently and I find it quite extraordinary that you are not calling me .	7	Present
Environment Minister John Baird has asked government officials how such documents that are supposed to be stored in " approved security cabinets " wound up on the street .	23	Past
Implications of using the Save As command	2	Present
Like the sushi , do n't like the pad thai .	4	Present
The Church 's website is currently unreachable .	4	Present
However , there are important differences in law and procedure between Northern Ireland and England and Wales .	3	Present
The noise outside had ceased , and presently in going out I stopped at the door .	3	Past
Also , I have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go ?	16	Past
It took my tired head a long time to sort that out .	1	Past
Bray asked , How on earth have you managed ?	6	Present
Bush asked for permission to go to Alabama to work on a Senate campaign .	1	Past
I am just middle aged and do not want to die , but thanks to this doctor i have no other alternatives .	18	Present
The amount of goods transported on the Danube increased to about 100 million tons in 1987 .	4	Past
Here , too , Germany should take the lead .	5	Past
Musharraf has always maintained that the US has never provided actionable intelligence about Taliban leaders hiding in Baluchistan .	9	Past
Take the messages for what they are : she has no objection in you being pals at uni , but she does not want to take matters further .	9	Present
And laughing like a maniac , he dragged Harry back upstairs .	7	Past
In a statement , Governor of Washington Chris Gregoire said , " The Museum of Flight put a tremendous amount of effort into landing a retired shuttle in the Pacific Northwest .	9	Past
The folder that contains the Access file , and any subfolders located in that folder .	11	Past
But standards of living might have been raised even more if all of this innovative talent had been allocated to more fundamental research – or even to more applied research that could have led to new products .	6	Past
It turned aside for the bowlders , and also for an undersized railway-truck lying there on its back with its wheels in the air .	1	Past
In the 1960s and 1970s , many 19th century neoclassical buildings , often small and private , were demolished to make way for office buildings , often designed by great Greek architects .	18	Past
I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase , and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation .	8	Past
Could I have a sample , not necessarily one that 's filled out , but just one that you --	11	Past
Wednesday does n't work for me .	1	Present
I recently got a tattoo done at Aztec and I could not be happier .	5	Past
British cavalry troopers also received excellent mounted swordsmanship training .	6	Past
Please be advised that I have set the call as follows :	2	Past
The plane is based in the Chathams and flies to mainland New Zealand in the morning , then back to the Chathams in the afternoon .	2	Present
This License may not be modified without the mutual written agreement of the Licensor and You .	9	Past
Thursday does not seem like a good idea .	1	Present
The Kerry camp blames Bush for the Swift boat veterans ’ attack , but anyone who has spent much time talking to the Swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons .	17	Past
Just remember to make sure the mother is properly caring for the baby .	9	Present
These are the facts .	1	Present
I rang SRD PAT testing and within 3 hours Scot had come to my premises and PAT tested all my our Spill The Whisky barn dance band equipment , and supplied a certificate for only 70 p per unit .	17	Past
Hitchcock preferred to work with the best talent of his day — film poster designers such as Bill Gold and Saul Bass — who would produce posters that accurately represented his films .	29	Past
Food - very good for a midnight meal that is n't fast food .	9	Present
We made the ocean unhappy ;	1	Past
Such a formal orientation that typifies this type of structural equivalence is called a " gloss translation " in which the translator aims at reproducing as literally and meaningfully as possible the form and content of the original .	11	Present
Harry looked up and saw Hermione Granger standing at the top of the white flight of steps to Gringotts .	4	Past
The straps on adults ’ overalls often get so twisted during the wash that one wishes she had just used an old fashioned washboard instead .	7	Present
Kapor used to be a teacher of Transcendental Meditation of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi .	1	Past
The rest of the candidates elected in this constituency were young and relatively new activists from the localist camp , Lau Siu-lai and Youngspiration 's Yau Wai-ching .	5	Past
Where several versions of a play survive , each differs from the other .	6	Present
Women defy the laws of purse-space , so when it comes to bib pockets , the sky is the limit .	1	Present
The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .	22	Past
I now understand that someone at ENA / Enron Mexico / Enron Wholesale has signed an EPC contract with ABB for this project .	14	Past
The last thing you want is other substances interacting with the reactions you 're depending on to make the substances glow .	4	Present
My father put his hand on top of my hair , his palm on my head , and I could feel the bone of my skull and my skin and his hot palm , so dry and strong .	2	Past
I ran into Corey last night at LW s and I am thinking this is a girl for Darren .	14	Present
Shakespeare was buried in the chancel of the Holy Trinity Church two days after his death .	1	Past
His first venture was a publishing enterprise which turned out cheap one - volume editions of French classics including the works of Molière .	18	Present
Posted by Anthony Beavers to Cognitive Science News at 8/28/2005 07:18:20 AM	0	Past
He took a deep breath , scattered the powder into the flames and stepped forward ; the fire felt like a warm breeze ; he opened his mouth and immediately swallowed a lot of hot ash .	30	Past
To a certain extent , ensuring equal opportunities for men and women is like trying to attain the unattainable .	12	Present
I am well aware that this was also the aim of Parliament 's work .	6	Past
" They are not going to rush it , because they do n't want it to be a budget buster .	11	Present
But my work would not begin till some two hundred miles farther on . So as soon as I could I made a start for a place thirty miles higher up .	21	Past
It 's really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in one place and I want to spread the word .	9	Present
Stillman was gone now .	2	Past
I put the coffee thing in hot water and settled for a cup of weak coffee .	9	Past
I would like maybe 5 stalls per barn so make sure the stalls are not that big so it can fit .	13	Present
Who was that I do n't know ... one of the people from the plane ... a baldish fair man with an accent , I did n't catch the name .	25	Past
And laughing like a maniac , he dragged Harry back upstairs .	1	Present
Our long term goal is to produce practical instructions on almost every topic in every language .	4	Present
There had been a lot of such rot let loose in print and talk just about that time , and the excellent woman , living right in the rush of all that humbug , got carried off her feet .	8	Past
For my part , I feel that the negotiations were balanced and that they open the way for achieving a sustainable market .	10	Past
Do museum labels have an impact on how people look at artworks ?	0	Present
If you have n't heard , SoCal 's announced their abandoning windows for OFOs .	4	Past
Last year she came up to me during one of the games late in the season ; she was so happy we were going to the post season .	22	Past
This one is better for rats .	2	Present
Did it very well , too , no doubt , and without thinking much about it either , except afterwards to brag of what he had gone through in his time , perhaps .	12	Present
We step into the street and my friend David Shahar , whose chest is large , takes a deep breath and advises me to do the same .	21	Present
Also , an independent who does not claim to belong to either camp , Edward Yiu of the Architectural , Surveying , Planning and Landscape constituency , defeated his opponents and was elected .	32	Past
And whoever dwells in the past , does n’t understand the future because the past is full of prejudices , of commitments .	7	Present
He supposed he had n't spoken clearly enough through his mouthful of ashes back in the Weasleys fire .	5	Past
However , if somebody looks seriously alarmed or is starting to panic , let them know that you were not being serious .	9	Present
She handed me a shirt she bought at the stadium and she gave me a big hug .	1	Past
Making Skittles vodka is a fun way to add a splash of fruity flavor and color to regular vodka .	3	Present
Claude Mandil , the executive director of the International Energy Agency in Paris , said the reserves in the East China Sea were hardly worth the trouble .	22	Past
The study was supported by the Croucher Foundation , US National Science Foundation , and US National Park Service .	2	Past
They told me to bring it back after 5000 miles .	1	Past
Fair give and take on both sides until we agreed on a deal that was within my parameters and was fair to both sides .	14	Past
I 've dined at lots of high - end restaurants and I 've never before felt my money was so well spent .	18	Past
The Chatham Islands consist of the main island , Chatham Island itself , with a population of 600 , smaller Pitt Island with about 40 inhabitants , and a number of rocky outcrops .	3	Present
He 's not starving .	1	Present
It was completed rather late in the war ; although a number of B-29s were equipped with Eagle and it worked well , it came too late to make much difference .	15	Past
The numbers indicate that in his first four years , Bush not only showed up , he showed up a lot .	13	Past
Quality has fallen over the years , but still the best go - to burger place on the East Bay .	1	Present
I am bringing two of my girlfriends from LJ .	2	Present
Do n't think I do n't know I 've got some bad times coming to me , he said , as if taking up , in private , current talk about himself .	4	Present
Busy-minded people , with their head-culture that touches all surfaces , have heard of Einstein .	12	Past
The other staff reports are also looking good .	6	Present
There is support for the EU in Lapland also , so let us remember them .	11	Present
Al Qaeda 's anthrax production plans on Khalid Mohammed 's computer did not evidence knowledge of advanced techniques in the most efficient biological weapons .	11	Past
I assume from your message you are OK with this and they can get it nailed down ?	15	Past
I have never seen this car before until this lady at wal mart had it and she told me she got it here and that everyone was so nice to her .	3	Past
Also , there are other sites , notably podiobooks.com , which are better suited to CC works than LibriVox .	13	Past
Madam President , if the vote records correctly how my Group voted I shall not , and cannot , object to that .	11	Past
If anyone else has voted ?	3	Present
If you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualizations to help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence , try the following before moving onto the more formal method below .	6	Present
Daniel Montalvo , 19 , a member of Scientology all his life , was arrested after leaving its elite group the Sea Org .	13	Past
Gray and sunken , in the thoughts of Mr Bloom in Joyce 's Ulysses .	2	Past
" In our view , we did not believe we changed or made worse the financial situation .	6	Past
I am sending you some info that I have passed along regarding the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefit .	1	Present
These boxes are also quite sturdy so you can re-use them or stash in your attic until you move again .	2	Present
I 'm you , and you 're me .	6	Present
This means that when you move a series or category field to the filter area and back , previously hidden items are again hidden .	5	Present
Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .	19	Past
I add that in because there have been some people who have tried to claim citizenship by sending for their birth certificate when they were never really born in Canada or to Canadian parents .	27	Past
I was sold a phone by a friend and sent it off to get it recycled what can i do ?	9	Past
The fitness center was GREAT !	3	Past
This gave us the data that ants choose more medicine after they have been infected .	13	Past
It actually had a hole in one of the slices .	2	Past
either way you also need to keep an eye on the temperature if you are using a dry fish tank as UV lights in my experience up the temperature significantly and without proper ventilation it can become an oven .	14	Present
What are your thoughts on the job Barack Obama has done as president ?	10	Past
It was the evening when Bray , Neil , Evelyn Odara , one of the South African refugees , the Pettigrews , and a few others set off for the Sputnik Bar .	1	Past
Brass melts at just under 2000 F which is a bright yellow heat , not red hot .	1	Present
Other than picking up objects from the street , Stillman seemed to do nothing .	10	Past
Dave Kingman is a turd , said Quinn , biting into his hamburger .	2	Present
Since the 1960s , Oakland has been a hub of radical culture , and is the birthplace of both the Black Panther Party and the Hell 's Angels .	5	Present
Please be advised that I have set the call as follows :	6	Past
One week to elections day and the general atmosphere in the capital is eerie , yet strikingly familiar .	12	Present
They , however , did n't seem to be missing him at all .	4	Past
Tropical species have moved up to Florida and the Gulf Coast .	3	Past
What happened ?	1	Past
Fresleven – that was the fellow 's name , a Dane – thought himself wronged somehow in the bargain , so he went ashore and started to hammer the chief of the village with a stick .	14	Past
In fact Philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not filipinos but helping the Philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot of the country .	12	Past
It is precisely when engines are claimed to be environment-friendly because they consume less fuel that we can not make any exceptions .	6	Past
and there prices are really good !	3	Present
I also want to express my disagreement on the support given to the American law on Hong-Kong .	2	Present
Your love life will thrive for most of the year , and any relationship begun or reaffirmed in 2005 is very likely to be a lasting one .	16	Past
We have received the executed Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade , Inc. dated March 2 , 2000 .	14	Past
Once , Quinn observed , he even stooped down for a dried dog turd , sniffed it carefully , and kept it .	20	Past
China 's insatiable appetite for fried chicken used to be a big reason why investors loved KFC - parent Yum Brands .	5	Past
From there his mind drifted off to the accounts he had read of Melville 's last years – the taciturn old man working in the New York customs house , with no readers , forgotten by everyone .	11	Past
A nigger was being beaten near by .	2	Past
Most of the deals let you eat for 500 ff , and some of the deals are even free .	4	Present
When someone comes up and says , ' Frank , thank you , your work is great . "	10	Present
What is the best way of doing it ?	1	Present
We now return you to your regularly scheduled programming ....	7	Past
Did services I asked them NOT to do and was still charged .	3	Past
This is not the first time that developing countries have been hit hard by abrupt mood swings in global financial markets .	9	Present
They generate the humus soils across the landmasses of Earth .	1	Present
I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once , you ca n't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .	4	Present
He recovered and was released from the hospital on April 11 , becoming the first serving U.S. president to survive being shot in an assassination attempt .	4	Past
I think that this is for you since I do n't know any of these people .	4	Present
She nodded , blushing to the roots of her flaming hair , and put her elbow in the butter dish .	13	Past
The true absurdity of the entire situation is easily appreciated when we consider that George W. Bush never showed any bravery at all at any point in his life .	12	Present
We are now fighting over who is going to pay for it .	7	Present
Hundreds of persons mounted demonstrations against the Fallujah campaign in Tikrit and Huwaijah , as well , according to az - Zaman .	3	Past
Dynamite has just been thrown in London ;	3	Past
Telling good jokes is an art that comes naturally to some people , but for others it takes practice and hard work .	3	Present
Currently we have a blank " sample " for our Paragraph 13s which are attached to our sample ISDAs for ( a ) US Corporate , ( b ) Hedge Funds , ( c ) Municipal .	13	Present
You will have to cover the wire flooring like you said , and make fleece covers for the stairs , so no ratty feet get caught and broken .	25	Past
However , when it comes to safety , I am rather sceptical because safety in Sweden , for example , is in principle no different from safety in Germany , Italy or Austria .	4	Present
The mark up is minimal considering that the clothing is hard to find and often shipped for Europe .	3	Present
Restricting use of a chart	0	Present
In addition , the police forces have successfully conducted a number of operations to dismantle workshops and seize large numbers of counterfeit banknotes and coins before they enter into circulation .	27	Present
As a mytouch 4g owner I know the phone is pretty fast and their is no point installing a rom .	6	Present
We started it basically , because I wanted to - I wanted to work with Isabel on a lot of projects that we had going on together .	7	Past
If your cat is not trained to use the litter pan , you may have a problem taking her .	5	Past
I actually loss 4 pounds after my 1st treatment and 2 pounds after my 2nd treatment .	2	Past
They are either raised coral limestone or coral atolls .	3	Past
" What ? " asks Winston , " is n't there any one here who can give me an example of a tragedy ? "	8	Present
I feel that the way some doctor s offices work around here is a little bit absurd so I 'm happy that these guys do n't do those two things in particlular .	9	Present
In the top of the fourth St. Louis scored five runs , and Quinn turned off the picture as well .	8	Past
if it s not available is there nearby alternative to store my luggage ?	2	Present
If you want a wharf berthage then call the local harbour master as you near the Chathams and he will sort you out .	2	Present
After the 1906 earthquake , many San Franciscans relocated there , and the industrial development of the 20s and 30s saw its population in the hundreds of thousands .	8	Past
I will sum it up with , it was worth every penny !	8	Past
Land warfare changed from the static front lines of World War I to increased mobility and combined arms .	2	Past
In Holland and other countries the original nature of national identity is being stripped away in the name of chicken and pig feed .	11	Present
Of course , he showed ethical lapses in judgment .	4	Past
He had read Quinn 's old work , he had admired it , he had been looking forward to more .	14	Past
The first inhabitants of Coron were the Tagbanuas who belong to the second wave of Indonesians who migrated to this area some 5,000 years ago .	5	Past
K.C. Maurer , chief financial officer and treasurer at the Andy Warhol Foundation , said 500 institutions received the initial invitation and currently 190 universities have accepted one or more donations .	14	Past
When you read the label it s easy to understand why .	6	Present
I sat generally on the floor , while , of faultless appearance ( and even slightly scented ) , perching on a high stool , he wrote , he wrote .	19	Present
Oh well , I 'll get it when it comes out in Febuary .	9	Present
During the U.S. and Russian lunar race during the Cold War , NASA scored an early coup by circling the moon with the Apollo 8 crew over the 1968 Christmas holidays .	13	Past
It ’s fair to say that Rocco Catalano works , lives and breathes retro .	8	Present
The window did n't break !	2	Past
The United States goes into a war zone and evacuates a bunch of U.S. citizens ( most of whom were " dual - citizens " ) .	9	Present
He was wounded at the Siege of Savannah on October 9 , 1779 .	1	Past
A stooping man had appeared behind the counter , smoothing his greasy hair back from his face .	3	Past
When items in a field are hidden by conditional filtering , a funnel appears to the left of the drop-down arrow Field arrow .	5	Present
His column appears in The Hill each week .	2	Present
" No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked .	14	Present
I personally trust this Midas store with all my vehicles , I have been going there for years & would never go anywhere else !	13	Past
What you see in New Orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system , a form of socialism that many in this country know is the true problem .	28	Present
Are workers allowed to keep religious objects on their desks ?	0	Present
I have used Just Like Family several times now and they have provided great care for my two dogs .	2	Past
Next month , Ukraine 's citizens will freely choose a new President – the best rebuke possible to Russian propaganda about our supposed failure to uphold democracy .	6	Present
The spell was over , and yet his body did not know it .	2	Past
Finishing the largest item on your list of things to do will make you feel extra productive and give you the boost to do other things you ’ve been pushing to the side .	27	Present
Harry Potter must say he 's not going back to school –	5	Present
It 's June second , he told himself .	1	Present
Where do you advertise ?	1	Present
I like shrimp , fried , grilled , or steamed .	1	Present
( Answered , 2 Comments )	1	Past
The train was due to arrive in time , and from his vantage in the center of the doorway , Quinn judged that his chances of seeing Stillman were good .	28	Past
First , the nature of such an investigation is that we lack sufficient information to second - guess ( or even know ) what the FBI is doing .	27	Present
The first set of issues includes slow - burn problems involving externalities , the leading example being environmental degradation .	10	Present
the team at barton car wash was very friendly .	6	Past
Those organisms that paired with fungi were rewarded , because fungi do not need light .	6	Past
But Bout 's name is n't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives , before it sinks like so many others beneath the media 's frothing triviality .	15	Present
The teachers are highly trained and are expert at handling all types of clients .	6	Present
There is a corporate data sheet for this company , but this entity seems to have been inactive since it 's creation .	16	Past
It was nice and close to the Taj .	1	Past
Those currently listed as invitees are PUCT Commissioners and Ercot 's Sam Jones and Tom Noel .	2	Past
All have received Polaroids from the foundation .	1	Present
--- The Crew Exploration Vehicle ( CEV ) is funded at $ 268 million .	8	Present
Then he leaned back on the sofa and looked Quinn in the eyes .	2	Past
The best analogy I ’ve heard is when Rob Siegel , former editor-in-chief , likened it to wine tasting .	6	Present
The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter , the president of the Independent System Operator , acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .	20	Past
If you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualizations to help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence , try the following before moving onto the more formal method below .	2	Present
Get there and there was nothing .	0	Present
Watch out for the bottom stair , it creaks , Harry whispered back , as the twins disappeared onto the dark landing .	8	Present
Our Group emphasises the importance of the principle of subsidiarity , the responsibility of Member States and the role of local players in drafting and implementing programmes .	2	Present
I was heartbroken .. but then realized He was not the Guy for me ..	6	Past
Margaret Rhee - confirmed	3	Past
When the Hasid returns to his seat after prayers , I tell him that my wife , a woman of learning , will be lecturing at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem .	20	Present
Figuratively speaking , this outer circle is the guardian , which makes sure that the people look and listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement , rather than to the world outside .	6	Present
Before you buy ANYTHING in NY , make sure you stop by Jack -s first .	10	Present
We read the good reviews before going and had high hopes .. but to our dismay it did nt turn out that way !	17	Past
Publications are available on request .	1	Present
Although Balzac was " by turns a hermit and a vagrant " , he managed to stay connected to the social world which nourished his writing .	2	Past
Auster 's apartment was on the eleventh floor , and Quinn rang the buzzer , expecting to hear a voice speak to him through the intercom .	3	Past
I 'm in love with the old - growth forest , and I 'm a patriotic American because we have those .	19	Present
And China relied heavily on the US dollar to anchor its undervalued currency , allowing it to boost its export competitiveness .	11	Past
I hav n't heard of it .	1	Present
I moved into the Tanglewood Apartments in late 2008 and it 's been a refreshing change .	1	Past
As for us in Parliament , I would like to remind you of the code of conduct between the Commission and Parliament which was signed in May .	23	Past
WHEN YOU FIRST COME IN THE HOSTESS IS NOT VERY FRIENDLY , THERE IS JUST A BUNCH OF WORKERS STANDING THERE .	3	Present
Founded in 1925 as games for everyman , the open air theater on the great steps in front of St. Michael still attracts a diverse public .	22	Present
He sat at the checkout desk , stamping books and reading Tristram Shandy for a graduate class ; he was almost asleep when someone said , " Excuse me . "	1	Past
He saw Fred and George look at each other .	1	Past
The debris formed a ring around the Earth 's equator and was eventually drawn together by gravity to form the moon .	13	Past
" In the cities where we 've launched or are under construction , our work will continue , " Barratt said .	7	Past
There are some good beaches and plenty of secluded cove beaches and protected bays with good snorkelling .	1	Present
Open-air markets , bookstores , and a BART station all its own make Rockridge another of many pleasant stops in North Oakland .	12	Present
It was n't until he gave up and walked out the door that someone asked Can I help you .	5	Past
The actual word " MAD " has to be on the cover and incorporated into the image .	6	Present
After a quick half-a-dozen bacon sandwiches each , they pulled on their coats and Mrs Weasley took a flowerpot off the kitchen mantelpiece and peered inside .	24	Past
I ran into Corey last night at LW s and I am thinking this is a girl for Darren .	12	Present
As part of the 19 th - century evolution of the novel as a " democratic literary form " , Balzac wrote that " books are written for everybody " .	21	Past
I occasionally wonder whether that is why the world is so uncomfortable with them .	5	Present
“ It ’s an implant that will let them know where you are , and how you are .	12	Present
I am now modelling the Queensland electricity spot price using Geometric Brownian Mean Reverting Jump Diffusion Model and have followed your paper " Making the most of mean reversion " to estimate the mean reversion speed .	3	Present
USI was not alone in receiving a donation .	1	Past
I was extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it , but the sales guy I dealt with ruined the deal .	20	Present
He was one of the first six international scholars to be elected as honorary members of the Linguistic Society of America .	11	Past
The USI art gallery celebrated the Thursday opening with its display of Warhol 's Polaroids , gelatin silver prints and several colored screen prints .	21	Past
This contact with the West during the 16th century lead to a period of profound economic growth as lucrative trade routes were established .	22	Past
“ It ’s not funny , ” Derya says .	8	Present
Most of the actions carried out are conferences , seminars and workshops , as well as specialised training courses .	4	Past
Over the last half - century , South Korea has made considerable economic progress , with per capita income increasing from a mere $ 80 dollars in 1960 to more than $ 22,000 last year .	9	Present
How will resources be allocated to care for the elderly , especially in slow - growing economies where existing public pension schemes and old - age health plans are patently unsustainable ?	1	Present
He could have shown much greater leadership in pushing for tax reform , regulatory reform , and school choice .	3	Past
A moment later he heard the child running towards him down the hall . The child shot into the living room , caught sight of Quinn , and stopped dead in his tracks .	22	Past
Sounds simple enough to me .	0	Present
At Madison Avenue he turned right and went south for a block , then turned left and saw where he was .	17	Past
The book undergoes a massive temporal rift ;	2	Present
In this delivery format , your body can immediately start receiving the benefits of the product components as the absorption of vitamins , minerals and nutrients is maximized .	27	Past
Force yourself to work productively for ten minutes , and then go back to whatever it was you were doing .	19	Present
Anything that you want to put off but takes two minutes to do - do it .	8	Present
In a case like this , those governments that are still recommending increased production are being irresponsible .	15	Present
It 's always a bang - your - head - against - the - wall moment , reading again the play the incompetence theory receives , even from some of the Administration 's harshest mainstream critics .	1	Present
I believe we are to some extent already protected with " Enron " proceeded with anything , but EnronOnline ( TM ) , etc. just affords us more protection .	8	Past
I go every other week for the shallac / gel manicure which is only $ 25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks !	12	Present
Then he went into the kitchen , ate a bowl of cornflakes , and smoked another cigarette .	7	Past
Humans have five core competencies as far as the world of work is concerned :	1	Present
It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms , a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war .	1	Present
And , I 'm Isabel Ruiz .	3	Present
The yoyo gave off a fluted , whistling sound as it descended , and sparks shot off inside it .	2	Past
I have thus proposed that the frost rating be lowered to -40° C .	1	Present
Since I 'm usually at work late Deb has stayed around to help me out when needed .	16	Past
Rabbits do burrow also so do n't be surprised if chicken are falling into holes .	1	Present
( we live in Pennsylvania btw ) I 'm mad and upset now !	8	Present
Not the smartest move to take off on a worldly adventure if you 've never traveled before and you do n't put where you would be traveling from .	15	Past
However , I still like this place a lot .	4	Present
After writing several novels , in 1832 Balzac conceived the idea for an enormous series of books that would paint a panoramic portrait of " all aspects of society .	18	Past
The precise reasons vary from country to country – but many of them stem from entrenched cultural norms that prevent women from reaching their full potential .	19	Present
Published in 1609 , the Sonnets were the last of Shakespeare 's non - dramatic works to be printed .	18	Past
He had never felt so lonely .	3	Past
65 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned weapons of mass destruction .	18	Past
It was as part of that surveillance in early 2001 that Jafar the Pilot studied tourist helicopters in the NYC area .	14	Past
To find anyone still proud , anyone who believed in giants or shame , was hilarious .	14	Past
How 's life on 32 today -- well that 's enough about you let 's talk more about me .	9	Present
Somewhere in between his rudeness he asked if we smoked .	6	Past
Decisions have also been adopted against a tax of this kind .	3	Past
Now , the mother then can go and reproduce , but what a terrible price to pay for the accumulation of this pollutant in these animals - the death of the first - born calf .	5	Present
Since they knew our preferences , we almost always went along with their menu suggestions and were never sorry we did .	16	Past
It has also opened VW up to huge compensation claims , legal action and has seen it take more than € 16bn of provisions .	1	Present
We are looking forward to seeing you on September 12 .	1	Present
Anyway , so that was 2 days ago that I called and left a message , but he still has n't called back yet .	10	Past
I have just checked with RAC ( David Gorte ) and we have a green light to go ahead with the project .	12	Present
But everything was changed .	2	Past
The poster at DH2017 will present the curriculum , its position in the international context and offer the lessons learned from both the design process and the first clinics .	19	Past
" Thank you so much for the superior job well done .	1	Present
me and my dad where in NJ for a kc chiefs ( my home team ) vs the NY jets and for game 4 of the world series .	4	Past
It 's easy .	1	Present
I 'm not even in Iraq and I could have predicted to you the consequences of doing what the CPA has been doing .	21	Past
Onion Rings are great and the fries are endless .	2	Present
This document reflects our group 's main concerns about the future of the ACP-EU link .	2	Present
I remember what people said about the Italian adventure in Ethiopia and about the Spanish Civil War and the Battle of Britain .	1	Present
We were always having our water shut off , there were always people having parties at the pool , even after it was supposed to be closed .	22	Past
I 'm at x if you have any questions .	6	Present
What Stillman did on these walks remained something of a mystery to Quinn .	6	Past
the group to which Edwardsiella andrillae belongs includes many species that reproduce asexually , and it 's possible that the fields are " clones " produced asexually rather than the result of sexual reproduction .	7	Present
These books were potboiler novels , designed to sell quickly and titillate audiences .	6	Past
Lied right to my face then denied it .	6	Past
Category labels usually appear across the x axis of the chart , although this can vary depending on the type of chart you are using .	16	Present
Markus Landgraf has estimated the number of interstellar dust particles that should have been captured by Stardust during two periods of the " cruise " phase of the interplanetary orbit in which the spacecraft was moving with this wind .	2	Present
The Deseret News observed that the hashtag on Twitter , #IStandWithAhmed , had become an international phenomenon .	12	Past
Touchdown ! said Fred as , with a slight bump , they hit the ground .	2	Past
That s how they were caught .	4	Past
I understood it was an Oath to ALL of our people .	1	Past
We might be mistaken in using the gross domestic product per inhabitant as the sole indicator .	3	Past
There are to many people that need our business to have to put up with this unfair treatment !!!!!	1	Present
But from the way the light was coming through the windows , it seemed to be almost noon .	6	Past
As a result , the finished product was frequently quite different from the original book .	5	Past
A string of islands and reefs along the eastern edge of the Group shelters the area from strong winds and ocean swellS and humpback whales come to these protected waters to give birth .	25	Present
The interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections , but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 ( or so ) balloting centres .	4	Past
I have seen great fan sites suddenly disappear without notice and for no reason .	2	Past
The Rev. Gerald Robinson appeared stony - faced as the jury 's guilty verdict was read , and he blinked repeatedly and glanced at his lawyers before being led away in handcuffs .	28	Past
I visited their huge Chicago lighting showroom and all I have to say is WOW !!	10	Present
Quinn picked up the phone and was about to dial when he thought better of it .	12	Past
Also they ca n't eat potatos , they are toxic for them .	8	Present
The measures thus decided on shall be applicable forthwith , shall take account of the interest of all parties concerned and shall not entail frontier controls .	21	Present
I have a hamster , and mice and rats like to escape .	1	Present
This is important , but so is enforcement and there are , of course , a number of reasons why we need to pay particular attention to this .	10	Present
Fresleven – that was the fellow 's name , a Dane – thought himself wronged somehow in the bargain , so he went ashore and started to hammer the chief of the village with a stick .	25	Past
It 's amazing how he deals with those fellows – better than I do , I can tell you .	1	Present
But without a legislative framework , and with the grassroots origins of pot as a mood - altering folk remedy , companies are left guessing .	22	Present
However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .	16	Present
That he missed a physical ?	2	Past
It was unconscious , this smile was , though just after he had said something it got intensified for an instant .	1	Past
Where it risks fighting dual Sunni Arab and Shiite insurgencies simultaneously , at a time when US troops are rotating on a massive scale and hoping to downsize their forces in country ?	2	Present
And the Tigers look as if they are on the brink of launching another offensive , " Muni told IPS .	7	Present
Has Don provided the fixed payment stream ?	0	Present
And this also , said Marlow suddenly , has been one of the dark places of the earth .	4	Past
Leaving a jar with a dozen black worms in it will sate the adult 's desire for snacks and they are more likely to leave fry or eggs alone .	20	Present
i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice , and in used gerbil bedding .	2	Past
They close whenever they feel like it , often well before their listed closing time .	4	Present
now it felt as though cold hands were slapping his face	7	Past
Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !	25	Present
It was posted on Dec. 11 , but the Human Resource dept said that if it is still on the internet , it is open .	1	Past
The tallest plants on Earth at that time were less than two feet .	8	Past
The Kashmir issue generates far more terrorism , and even the threat of nuclear war , than Iraq ever did .	19	Past
We feel that the Internet provides an effective way of avoiding that stranglehold .	10	Present
They 're incredibly social , highly trainable , and very clean .	1	Present
Bobby is one of those with major injuries .?	1	Present
There were no other options available ( I only brought my check card to cover any overage cost ) and she rang it up and applied it to the gift card before telling me about the tip policy .	9	Past
When was the last time you heard about a ship sinking ?	1	Past
According to ABC News , Basya also believes the asylum seekers found in the water may have left the boat on purpose to be rescued to avoid being sent away from Indonesia waters .	17	Past
Come and see Manakau , the property of his descendants , located on the eastern corner of Rekohu and blessed with the sun 's first rays as they rise above the sea each day .	11	Past
After all , our organizational performance is seldom measured in terms of how safe we are or how many rules we follow .	6	Present
He really knew only some of the people but all of them seemed to know about him , and many were the friends of friends .	20	Past
My vet told me when a dog is vomiting a lot , it could be a sign of obstruction .	2	Past
Naturally , the Turkish Cypriots will have a place in the representation of the lawful and internationally recognized government of Cyprus .	17	Past
When the bars were safely in the back seat with Ron , Fred reversed as close as possible to Harry 's window .	3	Past
The vaults were reached by means of small , goblin-driven carts that sped along miniature train-tracks through the bank 's underground tunnels .	12	Past
Some board members pushed to have Winter removed , but there were concerns such action would lead to more chaos , the governor 's spokesman Maviglio said .	26	Past
I heard the name of Kurtz pronounced , then the words , ' take advantage of this unfortunate accident . '	1	Past
Guinea pigs ( also called cavies ) are gentle creatures and are awake during the day and sleep at night .	11	Present
He was very clean , very nice to work with and gave a very reasonable price .	1	Past
Just as I knew we should have to leave .	6	Present
Well , I 've got news for you , boy . I 'm locking you up you 're never going back to that school . never . and if you try and magic yourself out – they 'll expel you !	19	Present
What a fantastic store , I love this place .	6	Present
His relationship with his family was often strained by financial and personal difficulties , and he ended several friendships over critical reviews .	16	Past
Significantly , the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago ( now retired ) , upon being contacted , does not even report that he necessarily sent the only copy of the strain to Ft. Detrick .	28	Past
so i m a little confused , why is there two statues of David ?	2	Present
The procedures for the exercise of these implementing powers conferred on the Commission were laid down afresh in the Council Decision of June 1999 .	9	Past
Cures kidney and gall bladder troubles , gastric trouble , dyspepsia , acidity , dysentery , obesity and liver diseases .	0	Present
" There is always the possibility they could jam us up , make us look like we are not numero uno , " Pike said .	24	Past
The next day i took it to 2 auto shops and they both told me the same thing , engine is junk .	13	Past
$ 5 m - Amount a 1996 federal commission was given to study legalised gambling .	13	Past
When victims and witnesses speak up , at least sometimes a child is protected , the truth is exposed , and justice is done .	13	Past
Over 300 Iraqis are reported dead and 500 wounded in Fallujah alone .	4	Past
He knows his own mind but he 's not an intransigent fellow at all ...	1	Present
She feeds well the baby on her own , the baby is ok but she does not go in the nest to stay with him at night ...	1	Present
It was the mango season , and there were the saffron-yellow sabres of the pips , sucked hairy , everywhere where people passed .	16	Past
The food is always fresh and delicious .	2	Present
But if you like going to the movies , you should love Bowtie .	3	Present
I have known him for only a few years but he has become a dear friend .	11	Present
Dancing ballet is extremely popular throughout the world , and studying ballet can help develop strong bodies , spatial and temporal awareness , and improve coordination .	2	Present
There 's that to be said for it .	5	Past
Ron had gone a nasty greenish colour , his eyes fixed on the house .	10	Past
Beards / Muffs : If your Silkie has a beard / muff the offspring could have a beard as well , as these genes are incomplete dominate .	24	Present
Fourthly , do not say we were not available !	6	Past
I would ask that they reconsider , since this is not the case .	9	Present
I had been a patient of Dr. Olbina for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on crowns etc .	12	Past
Mozilla Firefox , its main rival , has been actively increasing its market share while the recently released Google Chrome is also quickly gaining users .	23	Present
Why did you decide to use a Creative Commons license ?	1	Past
" He also used a realist technique which French novelist Marcel Proust later named " retrospective illumination " , whereby a character 's past is revealed long after she or he first appears .	32	Present
Tires were the right price and now the car feels like it is riding on rails around turns .	12	Present
Although the city was not destroyed in the aftermath , the material losses were serious as the machinery , raw materials and finished goods were taken away by the fleeing Nazis .	24	Past
Did she ever go to a real doctor ?	0	Past
7 . Delete the definition of Costs as it is already defined in Section 6.2.1 .	9	Present
Quinn fastened the loop at the end of the string around his middle finger , stood up , and gave it a try .	15	Past
The Chemical Wedding by Christian Rosencreutz is the way I ’ve decided to present the title of this book .	11	Past
They laughed .	1	Past
His father Mohamed El-Hassan Mohamed said he was taking his entire family to the U.N. headquarters in New York , because international dignitaries wanted to meet with his son and express their support .	7	Past
He reigned only fifteen years , which is evidenced by the incomplete nature of many of his constructions .	1	Past
Hundreds of people are feared dead in Mississippi , and the Louisiana city of New Orleans is badly flooded .	3	Present
This is called " bolting " and is more likely to happen when there 's extra sunshine .	1	Present
I was issued a new corporate American Express card .	2	Past
why do you think i should get one of those ?	1	Present
Oh you make the usual mistake of seeing the life of the African people as a blank ... and then the colonialists come along and we come to life – in your compounds and back yards .	22	Present
Strip mall asian it is not !	4	Present
Indeed , given how Bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring vital conflicts with the potential to blow back on the US , one might well argue that Edwards knows more now than Bush does .	2	Past
The first time they claimed to get reasonable mpg .	4	Past
-----= Posted via Newsfeeds.Com , Uncensored Usenet News =-----	1	Past
Also if they have diarrhea , check in with your foster coordinator .	3	Present
Fred climbed back into the car to pull with Ron , and Harry and George pushed from the bedroom side .	1	Past
The hour had long since passed for his call to Virginia Stillman , and he debated whether to go through with it .	2	Past
I think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards , but I wonder about the most appropriate timing , enough of a global message and the means of delivery .	1	Present
If you need a cater that is affordable and easy to work with they are the ones .	14	Present
I noticed there was a hole in the bottom of his pail .	3	Past
That 's what I call customer service !	1	Present
" Large as Balzac is , he is all of one piece and he hangs perfectly together .	7	Present
AND they 're usually able to help you as a walk - in , and they 're fast .	16	Present
I love to play with that and I am always looking for muses that fit that bill because it is so interesting making a collection when I find one .	19	Present
i want something cheap east to take care of and something to hopefully fit in my room	1	Present
China is furious that Japan has outbid it in their battle to determine the route of the pipeline that Russia intends to build to the Far East .	20	Present
He took Swahili lessons conscientiously and he certainly spoke it better than I did .	8	Past
I knew I had found the real deal , big pies , sold by the slice , with the pizzas sitting under the glass in the front .	1	Past
However , historically , there have been several events that should cause a societal response .	6	Past
They jibbed , ran away , sneaked off with their loads in the night – quite a mutiny .	3	Past
The conniving and wrangling over wills and inheritances reflect the expertise gained by the author as a young law clerk .	8	Present
Response : Iraq is actually hostile territory for al - Qaeda , and without Iraqi sympathizers it can not succeed there .	3	Present
Just then , the front door slammed .	6	Past
In a highly significant move Afghan Pashtun tribes along the Pakistan border warned the Taliban in Quetta and Chaman that if they try and disrupt the elections , they would be resisted .	12	Past
The President will be expecting me to have come for you with the Mercedes , but , honestly , if I 'd have waited to get it I would have turned up I do n't know when .	22	Present
Dobby heard tell , he said hoarsely , that Harry Potter met the Dark Lord for a second time just weeks ago . that Harry Potter escaped yet again .	11	Past
Looked at studies , treatment options and such .	0	Past
He was Paul Auster now , and with each step he took he tried to fit more comfortably into the strictures of that transformation .	1	Past
Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis ( and assume everything will work out at month end ) ?	0	Present
This is the most humble gym you will every step into .... if you dare to work on your body do n't be surprised when you see how addicting going to FITNESS UNLIMITED can be !!	14	Present
" Arafat 's secular nationalism was supple enough to compromise with Israel and to imagine a two - state solution , even if the road of negotiations remained rocky .	27	Past
I know that if my garage door needs to be repaired , I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors	7	Present
Too little is being done in this area . More needs to be done , but we must avoid creating more bureaucracy .	19	Present
and Julius Caesar — based on Sir Thomas North 's 1579 translation of Plutarch 's Parallel Lives — which introduced a new kind of drama .	4	Past
I also have a powerhead , getting another soon .	2	Present
what does it mean when a veiled chameleon egg is soft ?	9	Present
It was dark under the bleachers .	1	Past
One of the examples of research applied under safety measures has also produced a humanoid robot to compete with Valentino Rossi .	12	Past
Dobby bowed his head .	1	Past
I like that something will be a bit of secret , or even unreliable narrator : someone tells something and first you trust him but then you read more and you become thrilled by everything .	32	Past
A third narrative poem , A Lover 's Complaint , in which a young woman laments her seduction by a persuasive suitor , was printed in the first edition of the Sonnets in 1609 .	24	Past
Infected ants chose food laced with toxic hydrogen peroxide , whereas healthy ants avoided it .	13	Past
I have n't seen her for a couple of weeks and have only talked to her .	13	Past
Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $ 400 !!	11	Past
That is in fact the point of departure we have chosen here and I am very glad all this has been properly understood .	22	Past
They certainly know what they are doing .	2	Present
This License may not be modified without the mutual written agreement of the Licensor and You .	5	Past
I was gon na have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having Having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places I know are denny 's and ihop .	13	Present
They said good night to each other in the bright slanting sun and the Bayley children were already out on the grass in their pyjamas , riding bicycles .	26	Present
I had therefore been hoping for a common sense reply , Commissioner , not a technical one .	1	Past
The cells were operating in the Ghazaliyah and al - Jihad districts of the capital .	2	Past
The executives also received so - called " performance pay " for succeeding or surpassing expectations , sharing a pot of $ 1.5 million among them , or an estimated $ 15,000 each on average .	29	Past
We 'd only met ten minutes before .	1	Past
After you paste the line , you do not need to recreate the group – the new line is automatically part of the group .	7	Present
This was a pleasant and elevating feeling .	1	Past
Subject : Re : NASA IS A WASTE ! From : jaqamofino - ga on 26 Apr 2005 06:02 PDT	5	Present
This is my first experience and I have two six week old kittens right now and am at my wit s end .	16	Present
In a form or report , the Name property never appears when more than one control is selected because control names must be unique .	16	Present
For this to be possible , what we need from the European Commission are not just good intentions , but clearer guidelines and a firm commitment to monitoring the way these resources are used by the Member States .	13	Present
My father took off his coat and draped it over the edge of the pew and when I came back from communion I stole his glove .	2	Past
" The police should be politisized , and should become , to whatever extent necessary , a partisan paramilitary arm of the revolutionary government " ?	5	Past
If you ca n’t seem to focus and are working half-heartedly at your tasks , give yourself a brief break .	8	Present
In other words , those Americans were there by their own choice , mired in a situation that was totally predictable .	6	Past
As you sit above the world , the warmth of the golden sun penetrates your body and makes you feel warmer and warmer .	2	Present
Exile is the best !!!	1	Present
I m glad his butt was facing me so he could n't see my red face I think my Mare was even laughing ..	6	Present
My niece Vivien found a carpenter .	3	Past
Claimed he was too busy for two test drives .	2	Past
4 ) If they are not going up by now you just got ta keep trying and keep trying .	6	Present
What results are two completely separate reviews of “ The Rains of Castamere ” which in turn document the fans ’ reactions to the episode in the form of user comment threads :	2	Present
What follows is the text of an e-mail sent to me by a friend of mine ( thanks to Dave Manzano ) .	8	Past
See the attached spreadsheet .	2	Past
There s a reason why Frank mcclelland was named best chef of the north east reigon .	7	Past
So far what they have done together has been good for us and that ’s how we would like to keep it ’’ , says Karzai .	5	Past
Former Russian bioweaponeer Ken Alibek has said that a key Russian scientist assisted Iraq and that Russia had the Ames strain .	17	Past
Among Thais , there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai should be given .	10	Present
I 've a feeling there 's been a terrible mistake .	5	Present
We 've got a page dedicated to issues around hospitals ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/dna/actionnetwork/C55153 ) and a group called NHS SOS have already put up a campaign about ward closures in Cumbria .	16	Past
For a man so skilled in the art of disguise , darkening his skin and donning the clothes of a Moor could not have been very difficult .	15	Present
Be a little more reasonable with your expectations of a place like this ; and maybe do n't jump to personal attacks suggesting that they do n't want to work hard , just because you bruised your own ego .	25	Present
Place it down so that its breast is carrying its weight and rests on the ground .	7	Present
Of course the paper written by Mr Eichelberger and his Egyptian collaborators states that the purpose of the Nasser seizure of power was " to solve the pressing social and political problems which made the revolution necessary . "	4	Past
According to the New Zealand Herald , Emeritus Professor John Burrows , the chairman of the project 's panel of twelve , said New Zealand 's flag has never before been open to public choice .	27	Present
Its ramshackle army had virtually collapsed before the American invasion in 2003 .	5	Past
I guess I 'm extremely fortunate that I received a scholarship which paid about 800 f my course fees through my degree .	8	Past
Do you shoot an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another , always surrounded by children ?	0	Present
But they remain uncertain about whether China aims to beat the United States to the moon in its secretive space effort .	7	Present
This is possible because we release all of our software under the Open Source GPL license and release our content under a Creative Commons license .	5	Present
I am taking my wife out for our first year wedding anniversary and we both agree that we want a good steak .	1	Present
The person who best explains this , and helps me out the best with my question will be REWARDED WITH TEN POINTS !!!!!!!	18	Past
If you are not the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error ; any review , dissemination , distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited .	34	Past
No , no , please stay where you are .	8	Present
Write down a list of everything you are packing , in particular if it 's valuable .	7	Present
There is even free coffee and bottles of water if you 'd like .	1	Present
I 'm under 21 + and looking for a nice place to take my boyfriend out for dinner where they play music and there is a dance floor .	24	Present
$ 400 later my jaw dropped when the receptionist told me the total .	5	Past
In addition to continuing to write , he convened and chaired the first International Meeting on Linguistic Research in Geneva in 1930 , and acted as president of the Fourth International Congress of Linguists in Copenhagen in 1936 .	10	Past
And olive oil works fine if it 's all that 's left in the pantry .	10	Present
All I can say is that I am glad I went in !	10	Past
On the pilot 's advice they were moved farther into port by two tugs .	7	Past
It 's a yoyo , he answered , opening his hand to show him .	8	Present
Some of that time was just lost time -	6	Past
They have a natural instinct to hibernate .	1	Present
She opened the door for Quinn .	1	Past
No doubt he was ; but he had been a couple of years already out there engaged in the noble cause , you know , and he probably felt the need at last of asserting his self-respect in some way .	3	Past
Motion was of the essence , the act of putting one foot in front of the other and allowing himself to follow the drift of his own body .	1	Past
It was as though he was flicking the ball back and forth underneath three upturned cups .	6	Present
I am staying in Fiji for four nights	1	Present
Our web address is http://www.accenture.com	3	Present
Claimed he was too busy for two test drives .	0	Past
It felt as though he had lost half of himself .	1	Past
Dudley , who was so large his bottom drooped over either side of the kitchen chair , grinned and turned to Harry .	19	Past
They have a BLAST so the sooner they get there , the sooner they can have fun .	1	Present
Speaking in the parents ' defense , Tom Molomby , SC , said that , as the parents came from India , where homeopathy is in common use , they should be declared not guilty due to cultural differences .	18	Past
So far what they have done together has been good for us and that ’s how we would like to keep it ’’ , says Karzai .	4	Present
There still is a very hot pursuit of the " Atta - level " Floridian , Adnan El Shukrijumah , who Siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting .	23	Past
I visited London , Edinburgh , and St. Andrew s so far , and I was treated very well and with great kindness .	1	Past
A filter field is similar to a page field in a Microsoft Excel PivotTable report .	3	Present
Bending to the left indicates : " I know how to fulfil Your demands . "	8	Present
They both went to jail and a new manager was put in charge of the apartments .	9	Past
I do n't want to appear before God on judgment day and have to explain why I did n't do anything like this in my life .	1	Present
The straps on adults ’ overalls often get so twisted during the wash that one wishes she had just used an old fashioned washboard instead .	15	Present
The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced " Vilt-two " — the discoverer was German , I believe ) .	14	Past
The association that represents real estate agents in Ontario says more needs to be done to protect consumers and punish agents found to have engaged in unethical behaviour .	3	Present
They are a big part of our family .	1	Present
The study of volcanoes is called volcanology , sometimes spelled vulcanology .	5	Past
I promise you will not be disappointed !	1	Present
The Saudis are beginning to understand it , but they fight the inner circles , while still financing the infrastructure at the outer circle .	3	Present
He would often work for fifteen hours or more at a stretch ;	1	Past
The mailer 's use of " Greendale School " as the return address for the letters to the Senators is also revealing .	19	Present
Pinching encourages the plant 's energy to be directed into its stronger stems and leaves .	1	Present
This development is in line with the recommendation of the evaluator , while the organisation of more technical seminars is also being promoted .	22	Past
The results of the Australian National Iodine Nutrition Study published in the Medical Journal of Australia this week , revealed that children in mainland Australia are borderline iodine deficient .	25	Present
Maybe he did n't do a good job and they told him so .	2	Past
But as I stood on this hillside , I foresaw that in the blinding sunshine of that land I would become acquainted with a flabby , pretending , weak-eyed devil of a rapacious and pitiless folly .	3	Past
In July 1942 the Japanese occupied the mining camps and resumed operation of the manganese mines .	10	Past
Now , when you get into the fire , say where you 're going –	12	Present
These are the four main pillars of the current World Conflict , or perhaps we should already refer to it as " the undeclared World War III " :	1	Present
It 's fine - just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm .	15	Past
The true absurdity of the entire situation is easily appreciated when we consider that George W. Bush never showed any bravery at all at any point in his life .	18	Past
Hands - down the best pasta and gnocchi I 've ever eaten ( and I 've eaten a lot ) .	15	Present
My ties to the Republican party date back to 1979 , when I volunteered for Ronald Reagan and his campaign in New Hampshire .	13	Past
The measures shall be adopted according to the voting rules governing the adoption of the act from which a temporary derogation is sought .	21	Present
Trade was developed by establishing commercial outposts throughout the Mediterranean , a technique that had not been used until then .	16	Past
There were screams from the dining room and Uncle Vernon burst into the kitchen to find Harry , rigid with shock , covered from head to foot in Aunt Petunia 's pudding .	1	Past
I 'm planning on buying a compact system camera at best buy ; so please list the one ( s ) I should purchase .	1	Present
Again , I think the problem is people who sink to far into their own egos , and begin to take their personal metaphors a bit too literaly .	9	Present
have you gotten a price ?	0	Present
Was the San Francisco Bay Area mostly Caucasian back in the early 1970s ?	0	Past
So there is no question of closing down , there is a question of the practical discretion of the committee .	6	Present
They both went to jail and a new manager was put in charge of the apartments .	2	Past
What do I look as if I 'd sing ?	1	Present
My point is that these are all just questions and I am undecided as to the answers .	2	Present
It reminds me too much of the ARVN officers who were secretly working for the other side in Vietnam .	10	Past
The report contains a number of proposals for tax concessions which many other speakers have mentioned in this evening 's debate .	15	Past
Yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son Ahmed Abdul Qadoos , who receives a stipend from the UN for being officially low - IQ due to lead poisoning .	3	Past
The sea-reach of the Thames stretched before us like the beginning of an interminable waterway .	5	Past
Finally a chambermaid stuck her head around the corner from the top of the stairs and told us sternly that we could not be accommodated until 3 M , no exceptions .	24	Past
Harry just caught sight of a pair of bright brown eyes staring at him before it closed with a snap .	16	Past
They met while they were both working on a project as lawyers in Buenos Aires .	1	Past
He stood rocked back on his heels with his coat thrown over his shoulders and his hands in his pockets .	2	Past
Prominent Builders in New Jersey are one the best building contractors , I was referred to them by my friend , I am so glad I used them for my Home renovation , and addition .	14	Past
I had to set about it the very next day .	1	Past
A national of each new Member State shall be appointed to the Commission as from the date of accession .	7	Present
Let aggressive ( American ) leaders and soldiers know that we are capable of protecting the city 's security and safety , and ask them to lift their hands from the city . "	23	Present
But , the newly established Republic of China considered Mongolia to be part of its own territory .	4	Past
What is being asked of small employers here is very difficult .	2	Present
Harry looked up and saw Hermione Granger standing at the top of the white flight of steps to Gringotts .	7	Present
In the scented , mothy evening she felt the presence of the house like someone standing behind her .	15	Present
Under his administration , the female vote was approved , political parties were legalised , all of the exiled were allowed to return and the remaining political prisoners were freed .	8	Past
I would n't have mentioned the fellow to you at all , only it was from his lips that I first heard the name of the man who is so indissolubly connected with the memories of that time .	4	Past
It ’s a fundamental part of the joke ;	1	Present
Between us there was , as I have already said somewhere , the bond of the sea .	9	Past
He handed it to Auster . You see , he said .	1	Past
Just east of Broadway and continuing north and south is Oakland 's famous Chinatown , and that to get the real essence of " Chinatown , " Oakland rather than San Francisco is your best bet .	32	Present
I congratulate him on his excellent report .	1	Present
Even Zawahiri 's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced .	12	Past
In addition , the clothing is of much better quality than the clothing from hot topic , which is made as cheaply as possible by people living in horrible conditions in Asia .	18	Present
We are obliged to participate in drafting Directives and also in assessing their results .	1	Present
SQL Server verifies that the account name and password were validated when the user logged on to the system and grants access to the database , without requiring a separate logon name or password .	27	Present
P.S. I am moving back to Calgary in about a month .	2	Present
works well lasts long .	2	Present
The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mother s father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that 's a common misconception ( http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm ) .	2	Past
Almost all major intersections are one mile from each other , and exactly in a straight line .	4	Present
The main thing is to keep practicing .	3	Present
Coined by Bill Gates to represent the company that was devoted to MICROcomputer SOFTware .	9	Past
" It marks the first time in recent years that China has promised to wield its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition initiated by the United States and backed by France and Great Britain . "	11	Present
Our Rector Barbara and our Deacon Clare also have signed the Declaration .	9	Past
Christian Wolmar , who has written a number of books on railway history , will stand in the contest on 1 December .	5	Past
In any case , Kalkat puts it succinctly : " There can not be a military option to what is a political situation . "	19	Present
If they do not properly reflect the positions adopted , then we may correct them , if necessary .	5	Present
In 1821 Balzac met the enterprising Auguste Lepoitevin , who convinced the author to write short stories , which Lepoitevin would then sell to publishers .	20	Past
You either 1 ) sacrifice on breadth and do n't produce the topics that wo n't interest advertisers , or 2 ) you sacrifice on quality and produce content that does n't cost much to write .	27	Present
Voldemort might be a ruin of his former self , but he was still terrifying , still cunning , still determined to regain power .	12	Past
All the Hasidim are vividly enjoying themselves , dodging through the aisles , visiting chattering standing impatiently in the long lavatory lines , amiable , busy as geese .	8	Present
I do n't know about the playstation situation but I do know that Microsoft has said they do n't see the Xbox 360 as being even halfway through its lifetime .	10	Present
IT HAS VERY GOOD PRICES .	1	Present
This language has been included in the attached draft .	4	Past
Some , I heard , got drowned in the surf ; but whether they did or not , nobody seemed particularly to care .	3	Past
On September 17 , 1859 , he took matters into his own hands and distributed letters to the various newspapers in the city , proclaiming himself " Emperor of these United States " :	14	Past
The Silver Clouds installation were silver balloons blown up with helium , and those balloons filled one of the smaller rooms in the gallery .	15	Past
are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday ?	2	Present
He had gotten his hair cut , trimmed his nails , washed his neck and behind his ears .	1	Past
Things have grown steadily since .	2	Past
" Still , both authors used the form of the realist novel to probe the machinations of society and the myriad motives of human behavior .	5	Past
The gods represented distinctly the practical needs of daily life , and they were scrupulously accorded the rites and offerings considered proper .	20	Past
' A radical Shiite Muslim cleric has expressed solidarity with the militant Palestinian group Hamas and said that he should be considered the group 's " striking arm " in Iraq .	21	Past
Survivors are being found all the time , including two children who lost their parents .	12	Past
I never got a price quote over the phone and they take your cc info just to make the appointment because if you do n't show up , they 'll charge you .	11	Present
That had simply been a method , a way of trying to predict what would happen .	1	Past
Ironically he almost burst out laughing and it was all he could do to keep his mirth down to a barely controlled smirk .	3	Past
It took the Vigor team only 4 visits to get me feeling normal !	1	Past
Leave me alone . cut it out . I 'm trying to sleep .	0	Present
Please let them know that I was simply quoting the CEO of a large , regulated utility in California .	8	Present
If they are getting quotes to put up new rock then we will need to clarify .	2	Present
Environment Minister John Baird has asked government officials how such documents that are supposed to be stored in " approved security cabinets " wound up on the street .	12	Present
The room is silent , none of the other children volunteer .	2	Present
This BuzzMachine post argues that Google 's rush toward ubiquity might backfire -- which we 've all heard before , but it 's particularly well - put in this post .	15	Present
They will be distributed on a business basis first , then personal use .	3	Past
Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission 's hearings .	0	Past
Few analysts believe that the published collection follows Shakespeare 's intended sequence .	5	Past
We go over about 5 times a year .	1	Present
The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced " Vilt-two " — the discoverer was German , I believe ) .	21	Past
New York was the nowhere he had built around himself , and he realized that he had no intention of ever leaving it again .	2	Past
We see the base of the food chain , the plankton , the small things , and we see how those animals are food to animals in the middle of the pyramid , and on so up this diagram .	22	Present
Bumrungrad Hospital does some good work but all hospitals do have their problems from time to time .	2	Present
1580 Catherine de Medici of France is a keen chess player .	6	Present
We 're at war with Islamic fascists .	1	Present
Will USB cell phone chargers still charge even if they 're hooked up to a computer that is turned off ?	10	Present
President Bush pinched a few nerves yesterday with his choice of words :	2	Past
He was quiet .	1	Past
The Danevirke has remained in German possession ever since .	3	Past
I have gone there time and time again whenever I need to get my hair done or when I want a haircut .	15	Past
in our case , they are only hedging .	5	Present
It was three years between recovery of specimens and final publication , why did it take so long ?	13	Past
Phoenix is extremely hot and dry in the summertime , so always have sunscreen with you !	1	Present
Norton has been immortalized as the basis of characters in the literature of writers Mark Twain , Robert Louis Stevenson , Christopher Moore , Morris and Goscinny , Selma Lagerlöf , and Neil Gaiman .	2	Past
They said he had caused the fire in some way ; be that as it may , he was screeching most horribly .	3	Past
Yes , I suppose I wo n't know my way around when I get into town .	3	Present
I have been here before and the service was absoulutely great .	8	Past
She added that recent visits to the island by India 's top military brass including army chief General Nirmal Chander Vij have " caused apprehension among Tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island " .	1	Past
Mérida has a rich cultural life which also reflects its diversity .	1	Present
Bloch is concerned to establish hope as the guiding principle of his Marxism and stresses the implied humanism inherent in mystical tradition .	16	Past
I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase , and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation .	1	Past
I have seen horses Loose Nails On there Own And do just fine with ONE nail gone Now if he had left out 2 or 3 I would be wondering to ...	16	Past
Sent by : Ernie Simien	0	Past
Trade was developed by establishing commercial outposts throughout the Mediterranean , a technique that had not been used until then .	2	Past
are there any sadists out there who share the same tastes as i do ?	7	Present
A quick question : we have n't received your invoice for the last few model / paper reviews .	7	Past
They needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files on Wilson .	1	Past
Went there yesterday : we are trying to decide between two different Honda models , so we wanted to test - drive both back to back .	5	Present
Because elevator rides usually last less than a minute , make sure your pranks are quick and have a lot of punch .	17	Present
I know that Jeff is in Portland .	4	Present
The home office in Haifa was trying to get protection from the insurance company .	6	Present
Claudio De Vincenti , undersecretary to the prime minister , said " a discussion table will be opened with the non-profit associations , religious association included " ( ( it ) ) .	10	Past
I was born and raised in Toronto , which has a huge West Indian ( Trinidadian , Jamaican , etc ) population .	4	Past
There still is a very hot pursuit of the " Atta - level " Floridian , Adnan El Shukrijumah , who Siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting .	28	Past
There was some horrible fate impending for Sonia and I had to kill her before something worse happened .	10	Past
A mid-afternoon " fire drill " was disruptive , putting everyone out of the hotel .	6	Past
Originally christened Micro - Soft , the ' - ' was removed later on .	11	Past
I googled Garage Door Repair in Woodinville and found NDI - Johnette answered the phone and was oh - so pleasant and helpful !	12	Past
One day he remarked , without lifting his head , ' In the interior you will no doubt meet Mr. Kurtz . '	3	Past
Andreas Bechtolsheim built a microcomputer ; Vinod Khosla recruited him and Scott McNealy to manufacture computers based on it , and Bill Joy to develop a UNIX - based OS for the computer .	16	Past
It is very clean , staff is friendly , and I have never waited !	1	Present
What she ’s saying and what she ’s doing , it — actually , it ’s unbelievable .	15	Present
Male cats very seldom live past 14 - 15 years .	4	Present
After a while I needed to start thinking about an internship for my M.Sc. studies , and decided to write a couple of professors .	4	Past
For the first couple of weeks back , Harry had enjoyed muttering nonsense words under his breath and watching Dudley tearing out of the room as fast as his fat legs would carry him .	9	Past
A 1970 evaluation said Bush “ clearly stands out as a top notch fighter interceptor pilot ” and was “ a natural leader whom his contemporaries look to for leadership . ”	3	Past
Today 's announcement is an affront to the thousands of dedicated men and women at Johnson Space Center , the greater Houston community and the State of Texas , and I m deeply disappointed with the Administration 's misguided decision .	31	Present
Thank you	0	Present
It 's fine - just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm .	12	Present
Given that financial institutions had been attracting the best and brightest from around the world , one would have expected nothing less .	19	Past
Is the video available to the public ?	0	Present
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they had n’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .	35	Past
of course , in a perfect world , tax payers ' money would go toward some sort of national healthcare program , and housing for the homeless , but this is far from a perfect world .	30	Present
So I think the first question is , what is this all about , why should we even be debating NATO , is there any reason why it should exist ?	19	Present
The logic is that ( nearly ) all Wave 4 respondents appeared in the Wave 1 sample , but not all would have been interviewed at Wave 3 due to differential patterns of temporary attrition .	2	Present
All of the people were friendly and welcoming .	4	Past
Is it always about them ?	0	Present
Yes , you still have a few bugs , but that 's going to be anywhere you go !	4	Present
She was eventually sent to Rehabilitation Project Force in Sydney , which the Church describes as a religious retreat , but critics charge is a forced work camp .	22	Present
If you do add all the entities , does that mean that we would not need to put in place a separate agreement for ECCL ?	2	Present
I was involved in a car accident 20 years ago and since then I 've been a nervous wreck and have n't been behind the wheel .	15	Past
Attached is a forecast for the rest of the summer for the X ( NWP and PGT ) .	0	Past
The chalet burned completely down .	2	Past
They actively excluded State Department Iraq hands like Tom Warrick .	2	Past
Anyway , after much yelling and cussing I hung up , grabbed a cab , and went to Geno 's .	16	Past
The George Washington Bridge can be crossed by bicycle or on foot as well as in a motorized vehicle .	17	Past
I say this of my free will . Yes .	1	Present
The Licensor grants You the rights contained here in consideration of your acceptance of such terms and conditions .	2	Present
( Only recently have a few experienced State Department Arabists been allowed in to try to begin mopping up the mess . )	10	Past
Her best-known stories have been made into movies .	5	Past
I do nt know how it is possible to make orange chicken , sesame chicken and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puffs taste THAT bad but China Delight accomplished that .	6	Present
Bray repeated what had been said to him at the airport that morning – that some of the white people still living in the capital would be more at home down South , in Rhodesia or South Africa .	4	Past
Asking for help with a work or school-related problem is almost always a good bet , as is asking a question about something striking about the person .	9	Present
But events are totally unimportant for 2 reasons .	2	Present
Once a car nearly ran him over as he was crossing the street .	4	Past
They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs , as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs	29	Past
You can also remove fields from the chart layout that you no longer want to see .	13	Present
I noticed there was a hole in the bottom of his pail .	1	Past
Another report from the cliff made me think suddenly of that ship of war I had seen firing into a continent .	17	Present
The Agel compensation plan includes the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it .	17	Present
The city was founded by the Spanish conquistadors in the 1540s on top of a centuries-old Maya city called T'ho .	18	Past
3 When you filter a field , the drop-down arrow Field arrow for the filtered field changes to blue instead of black , and the AutoFilter button on the toolbar is selected .	30	Present
Just as he opened his mouth to speak , he was interrupted by a clattering of keys at the front door , the sound of the door opening and then slamming shut , and a burst of voices .	3	Past
Drove all the way over from the highway ... closed at 7 .	9	Past
This assistance shall fund institution - building projects and limited small-scale investments ancillary thereto .	2	Present
If you concentrate on that feel just before the trot you can figure it out and the timing is essential to push her at that instant .	2	Present
The following illustration shows a PivotTable list on the Orders data access page .	3	Present
( Since the Declaration is written as coming from “ religious leaders , ” people who do n’t consider themselves “ religious leaders ” can sign as “ Supporters of the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality . ” )	5	Past
Although Musharraf did turn against the Taliban after September 11 , under extreme duress from the US , elements of his military continued to support radical Islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on Musharraf himself .	28	Present
I had a rose named after me and I was very flattered .	1	Past
I have nothing but respect for people who adhear to non-violence , forgiveness , and charity , but it 's important to remember that Christians ( or ' Smartwolves ' ) do not have a monopoly on that particular lifestyle .	31	Present
The man was looking at him , even studying him , and if recognition did not flicker across his face , it still held something more than a blank stare .	3	Present
i have a Mature male and female they are together a lot but never laid eggs as far as i know can anyone help me figure out how to make them mate	8	Present
Which of these do you like : McDonald s , Burger King , Taco Bell , Wendy s ?	3	Present
Even the public clinics and hospitals that do exist are often rendered useless by high rates of absenteeism by doctors .	11	Past
when i watched werewolf in london ( great film ) that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors .	2	Past
The attached documents include the GA II Settlement proposal , an Attachment ( a copy of PG&E 's proposed Gas Rule 27 ) , and a set of supporting workpapers .	3	Present
I do n't feel anything until noon .	1	Present
I also realize that some may not have done any works on paper or they are outrageously expensive .	8	Past
We felt that the main shows on the Mariner of the Seas were better .	12	Past
Dining Room We enjoyed the atmosphere of both dining rooms on the Liberty and Mariner of the Seas .	3	Past
Zacarias Moussaoui , never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable , has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants " anthrax for Jew sympathizer only . "	11	Past
There are also many nail salons , frozen yogurt shops , coffee shops and gas stations .	1	Present
Madam President , I would like to thank Mr Poettering for advertising this debate .	4	Past
It is clear that the payment will be made in shares .	8	Past
But as its economy has expanded by an average of nine per cent per year for the last two decades , so has its demand for energy .	5	Past
Initiatives aimed at enhancing the public 's knowledge of nutrition are also crucial – not least because they can motivate citizens to pressure their governments to take action .	18	Present
I have faxed to you the form of Bond , our proposed Bond provisions and the EEI Master .	1	Present
I have weighed those options and found the three that I have chosen to be more my wife and my own taste .	11	Present
We arrived early and the staff was very accomodating to our families and the situation we were in .	16	Past
All of this started after their oil change .	3	Past
John Lennon entered stardom being a murderer .	2	Past
China 's export - led growth miracle would not have started in the 1980 ' s without the American consumer .	10	Past
it ’s back to capitalist competition or state control . ”	1	Present
Who knows what the future might hold , and it might be expensive ?	1	Present
Evelyn Odara spoke to her husband as no local woman would dare ; yet he ignored it , as if turning the tables on her with his countrymen 's assumption that what women said was not heard , anyway .	34	Past
At the beginning of 1945 , the population was estimated at 300,000 .	8	Past
what is a kimberwick bit used for ?	1	Present
Spain had expelled its Sephardic population in 1492 ; many of these Spanish Jews left Spain for Portugal but eventually were targeted there as well .	21	Past
My Presidential qualifications are rooted in my service as an Officer in the United States Air Force .	4	Past
It was born to our son David and his wife Courtney .	1	Past
They had laid flag-stones under the walnut trees for the white wooden chairs and table , so that it would n't be too damp .	1	Past
From the west , the A59 and the M62 provide connections from Liverpool and Manchester , and from the north the A1 and the A19 link York with Tyneside , Northumberland and south-eastern Scotland .	9	Present
The final challenge concerns a wide array of issues that require Regulation of rapidly evolving technologies by governments that do not necessarily have the competence or resources to do so effectively .	3	Present
As undergoing a pilgrimage to Mecca is a mandatory religious duty for all Muslims who physically and financially can , millions of pilgrims arrive in Mecca each year for the Hajj .	23	Present
He stood up , went into the kitchen , and made another bowl of cornflakes .	10	Past
Filter settings are retained when you move or remove a field .	2	Present
She feeds well the baby on her own , the baby is ok but she does not go in the nest to stay with him at night ...	15	Present
The meeting is being held in conjunction with the third meeting of our DISCO of the Future Forum .	2	Present
Even if you can figure out what is wrong with this poor poneh , there is always the chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again in the future .	15	Present
Data fields provide the values to be summarized in the chart .	7	Past
They came in under a lot of other quotes and now I know why !!!	12	Present
I occasionally wonder whether that is why the world is so uncomfortable with them .	2	Present
so i live in Invercargill New Zealand and i want to know if there are any good places to buy an ice - cream sundae from other than mc donald s lol	2	Present
When you look at the mycelium , they 're highly branched .	2	Present
We are always talking about quality ; well , I believe that quality also means giving priority to products wholly derived from the vine .	20	Past
Set within lush gardens which are free to roam if you do n't want to go inside the building .	5	Present
I have used these guys for new snows , fixing lots of flats , used replacement tires , and oil changes .	1	Present
I shoot a t1i and have n't had such an issue .	5	Present
Auster opened the door wider and gestured for Quinn to enter the apartment .	1	Past
He 's just been to Denmark or somewhere because his mother died .	3	Past
You also wrote two collections of short stories and a novel .	2	Past
Frank Rack got in touch after they returned from Antarctica in hopes that I could help with an identification on the anemone .	2	Past
The call was cancelled .	2	Past
Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers on their behalf .	4	Past
When the ship passed Stromboli at night , there was a streak of crimson lava flowing from the volcano and the sailors would n't leave the television set to look at this natural phenomenon .	9	Past
You will never be so spoiled in your life as you are on a Disney Cruise .	11	Present
You have to stand up to that and I would rather someone ran at me rather than round me .	1	Present
You know , nature hates a void . :)	1	Present
Bose is not good	1	Present
There are far too many lazy people out there who think that they can sit around a job will fall in their lap .	10	Present
55 - Percentage of the Iraqi workforce who were unemployed before the war .	8	Past
He lay on his bed watching the sun sinking behind the bars on the window and wondered miserably what was going to happen to him .	5	Present
Indeed , Sistani 's agents all over the country have been quite active in educating Iraqi Shia on the merits of elections , which has led to the assassination of at least two of them .	9	Present
I have also amended the timeframes in the Credit Support Annex to 10 days instead of 2 days .	1	Present
The letter bombs were sent in connection with the treatment of the Egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the WTC and a related plot .	14	Past
If we are covered , then was it necessary to register EnronOnline ?	6	Past
this place is awesome twelve did an amazing job place is clean and staff is friendly	14	Present
She wore a dress made of Congo cloth .	1	Past
70 m - Estimated number of Americans who describe themselves as Evangelicals who accept Jesus Christ as their personal saviour and who interpret the Bible as the direct word of God .	8	Present
We thought it was funny .	3	Past
Anyone who 's stayed on is a fool if he has n't thought about that , said Bray .	2	Present
The Jordanians built a road over Jewish graves .	2	Past
I 've thought about you a few times in the last few months , did n't want to intrude upon an already bad situation with my bullshit questions .	14	Past
The BBC 's Alastair Leithead in New Orleans says there is panic as vital supplies run out .	10	Present
The media has tended to overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word " domestic " the word includes a US - based , highly - educated supporter of the militant islamists .	20	Present
North Korea ’s Kim Jong Ill also has the bomb at the top of his list and Santa seems to have already come a few years ago .	7	Present
Oh , how do you know ? said Wentz .	7	Past
This date , which can be traced back to an 18 th - century scholar 's mistake , has proved appealing to biographers , since Shakespeare died 23 April 1616 .	26	Past
When a truckle-bed with a sick man ( some invalided agent from up-country ) was put in there , he exhibited a gentle annoyance .	15	Past
He looked up and saw the woman first .	4	Past
They set off together down the street .	1	Past
It ’s very much like you are trying to make the room laugh , but the room has been a sort of captive audience for many many years now , so it takes a lot to make the room laugh .	32	Present
Even if you buy a cake in a baker s you can not be too what happens in the kitchen , for example the cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham .	27	Past
It 's like a super power sometimes .	1	Present
This discordance between economic data and political rhetoric is familiar , or should be .	8	Present
Attached are the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you .	0	Past
I have a Nacho Libre question .?	1	Present
Celebrities , fans and even CNN reporters are dressing up like " Stranger Things " characters this holiday .	7	Present
They have been accumulating for years , and basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he feels like it .	9	Present
Perhaps that 's why a surge of tears clouds his pupils while the syllable of time unearths his crop and surrenders his mystery to the bound waters .	25	Past
We have received the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas , which adds the Canadian Securities Representation , so we do n't have to add the rep into every confirm .	25	Present
I have no idea how China Delight won number 1 Chinese restaurant in Montgomery - There needs to be a recount on that vote .	1	Present
Davis was the settler M.P. who had been responsible , at one stage , for getting Mweta banished to the far Western Province .	15	Present
For two weeks he had been tied by an invisible thread to the old man .	6	Past
I know saltwater is a possibility , can you give me a possible stocking option for that too ?	1	Present
Some of the younger kids that work there are a bit sub par , but if you wait for Nick ... you 'll be good .	6	Present
We 've got a Steven , the one word that did n't crash my spell - check , despite it being followed by a Vikash Chand Abdul Shakur .	21	Past
There s a reason why Frank mcclelland was named best chef of the north east reigon .	1	Present
We sat in the front dining area , it was very cozy and pleasant .	1	Past
" We are seeing many , many countries and especially large new emitters like Brazil , South Africa , India and China stepping up to the plate in terms of playing a role in reducing emissions , " said Guilbeault .	38	Past
If someone is continually telling unfunny jokes , do you eventually fire them ?	4	Present
He took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of his shoes ??	14	Past
I 've been away a long time .	1	Present
" It looks awful , does n't it ? "	5	Present
We were in Santa Fe for a special event and our hosts rented out the El Paradero for all their guests to stay at .	1	Past
Much of the violence aimed at American forces is coming from disgruntled Sunni factions that have their own militias , believe the last elections were a sham , and hold little political power in the government .	24	Past
As a result , Tulsa breaks the Oklahoma stereotype of being nothing but a flat , arid dust bowl .	5	Present
The cabins have always been clean .	2	Present
He worked for the BBC for a decade .	1	Past
Use a room that is n't used every day such as the formal dining or living room .	4	Present
Was the iPhone the first Smart Phone ?	0	Past
Rafferty released two further albums in the 1990s in what musician Tom Robinson later described as " a major return to form " .	14	Past
The night I drove back home , I found that the rear window has some leakage .	13	Present
People treat Facebook as an authentic part of their lives , so you can be sure you are connecting with real people with real interest in your products .	1	Present
Fourth , faith in global economic - policy coordination is misplaced .	9	Present
You ca n't but here 's an update : The doctor is about to discover the affair between her husband and Jo ( who has become her new best friend ) .	25	Past
were they roughhouse playing ?	3	Present
Hjalmar 's as gentle as a lamb and he has to keep the peace somehow .	9	Present
( I think there are close to 24,000 groups )	4	Present
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned global warming , clean air , clean water , pollution or environment in his 2004 State of the Union speech .	6	Past
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company ' Moore Noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics .	19	Past
I dislike this urban society and want to leave this whole enviroment .	6	Present
Yo Mama `s so fat ....	2	Present
Their selection is top notch and the staff is very knowledgable .	8	Present
The ghoul in the attic howled and dropped pipes whenever he felt things were getting too quiet , and small explosions from Fred and George 's bedroom were considered perfectly normal .	28	Past
Stories of cats living more than 25 years are rare .	8	Present
We have received intelligence that a Hover Charm was used at your place of residence this evening at twelve minutes past nine .	8	Past
For five years he had kept William Wilson 's identity a secret , and he was n't about to give it away now , least of all to an imbecile stranger .	4	Past
( News assistant Bobby Bender recalls the letter containing the items to have been addressed to The Sun . )	14	Past
When starting off , follow closely to a language you like .	10	Present
The service is great and during weekends it tends to get busy , but the wait is worthwhile .	8	Present
Nevertheless , I see that in a book called Things to Come two Americans who think themselves anything but undeveloped and helpless , Herman Kahn and B Bruce-Briggs , are not impressed by Russian achievements .	31	Past
I deffenitly reccomend this salon and Holly to anyone .	2	Present
He paused for a moment .	1	Past
Having enjoyed a career peak at home in Australia , Geyer returned to live in Los Angeles in 1984 to concentrate on breaking into the musical scene there .	1	Past
In addition , when you choose to save the data as XML , you can specify that the data be transformed to a custom display format by using an existing .xsl file .	5	Present
When someone comes in , say , " I 've got this , " before you push all of the buttons .	2	Present
It is a fairly standard , fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar .	1	Present
I eventually decided to just pay the balance even though the doctor has already been paid , but now the collection agency is trying to say another reversal of $ 160.00 has come through .	23	Present
Meanwhile , his place in tribune was occupied by Marco Antonio , who held the position until December .	6	Past
As far as the call with Uncle Ben goes , if he was thrilled to hear from me I could n't tell by his voice .	8	Present
While there was some fur and blood on the nine - centimetre blade , Dr. Fortier said he does n't think he hurt the bear badly .	18	Present
I 've known the guy for about 10 years .	2	Past
If you want to hear how much ugliness there is – yes .	9	Present
We 'll get the paperwork together and sent to you for naked options .	7	Past
I called 3 times to talked to a manager , never a call back .	1	Past
I take the middle seat , which I dislike , but I am not really put out .	8	Present
" That is certainly the assumption on which the London market has been built and the line that successive governments have peddled .	2	Present
I asked if they could copy the piece I dropped off .	9	Past
I am in the process of reviewing your special provisions .	1	Present
She is a creme tabby and I 've had her for over 2 years now .	1	Present
that open violation of the laws are constantly occurring , caused by mobs , parties , factions and undue influence of political sects ;	8	Present
This also will serve as a reminder that an all - Party meeting is scheduled at PG&E 's headquarters in San Francisco on January 10 and 11 , to discuss this proposal and to respond to your questions .	14	Past
As far as George Bush knew , he and his unit could have been transferred to Vietnam .	14	Past
The shop is located just off the river road .	2	Present
- The activities examined were considered relevant to and among the main objectives of the programme .	4	Past
To be precise , we know that he wrote mystery novels .	8	Past
Do n't blame him please , he feels lonely and wants to show his attention to all of you to look after you , please forgive and sympathy if he miss something .	30	Present
I am doing origami jewelry and found exactly the right things for earrings and got many other ideas there too .	2	Present
When you select one or more items in the filter field , the data that 's displayed and calculated in the entire PivotTable view changes to reflect those items .	18	Past
But excuse me , I want my lunch . "	5	Present
The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts made two donations to USI Art Collections , in 2007 and a second recently .	8	Past
Their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive .	2	Present
This did n't help , as Harry had never heard of such a place .	7	Past
The smell of Virginia Stillman 's perfume hovered around him , and he began to imagine what she looked like without any clothes on .	13	Past
The luggage was not waiting at the flag-draped and bunting-swathed entrance , where a picture of a huge Roman emperor Mweta , in a toga , smiled as he did in the old photograph of the Gala village football team .	9	Past
There 's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK .	1	Present
Over 300 Iraqis are reported dead and 500 wounded in Fallujah alone .	3	Present
The document is now lost , however , and scholars differ as to its authenticity .	2	Present
I 'll be having my equine chiro / acupuncturist out to do some work as well if I do get him ....	18	Present
I am sorry for him , he is a good dad	1	Present
I 've never had a dwarf hamster but I 've had the same problem with my pet rat I put some chicken wiring around it the I got from home depot and now it ca n't out .	19	Past
It will be interesting to see whether or not Google will finally slay the Microsoft Goliath , who has known no major defeat and seeks to vanquish all competition .	18	Present
The strongest evidence might be a Catholic statement of faith signed by John Shakespeare , found in 1757 in the rafters of his former house in Henley Street .	15	Past
They 're going to talk about their kids , they 're going to talk about football , they 're going to talk about the weather .	2	Present
Allegedly , Thomas ' sister pleaded with him to send Gloria to a conventional medical doctor , but he replied " I am not able to do that " .	5	Past
In ’72 or ’73 , if you were a pilot , active or Guard , and you had an obligation and wanted to get out , no problem .	17	Past
We came at around 730 and they close at 8 and wanted to try the specials but they were out for the day so I would say go way before they close .	7	Present
American academic and professor Marc Lamont Hill commented ,	7	Past
But like i said nothing ever came of It .. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up ..	34	Past
As a result , China will no longer be inclined to lend its capital to the US .	9	Past
Having a pet is n't easy .	3	Present
If you still do n't enjoy the kittens , see what other opportunities are available .	13	Present
The mysterious RAPHAEL Holinshed was named for the mysterious Neoplatonic Italian painter RAPHAEL Sanzio who painted _ St. George Fighting the Dragon _ ( 1504 - 06 )	15	Past
I also agree it 's under warranty so get in touch with Canon .	4	Present
Thanks to urban planning , the major city streets are placed in a grid layout .	9	Present
I wrote to her saying we were going to try and rescue you from the Dursleys .	6	Past
They also have the best tea I ever had , not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores , I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .	17	Present
It is possible when the matter is raised with the Committee on Petitions .	6	Present
This was my chance , and it made me the more anxious to go .	7	Past
Sent by : Jeff Dasovich	0	Past
Dragging back the little curtain from the oval window , she looked into the dazzling glare of space and said , Glorious morning up here ! and they discussed with animation the cold and sudden winter that was left behind .	11	Past
Brushing at dust was the commonest gesture in town .	3	Past
cats react to the treatment they receive , they are not toys .	1	Present
The magician behind the counter was wise enough not to sell it to me , but instead sold me two books which I still own today - " Scarne on Card Tricks " and " Scarne on Magic Tricks " .	17	Past
I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what 's the point ?	2	Present
Back to my poor rating - I was excepted to medical school and went in to cancel my membership as I was told I could do since I was moving away .	28	Past
Tame Horomona Rehe was the last known full-blooded Moriori and he passed away in 1933 .	11	Past
Pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 RAW agents based in Kandahar and another 12 in Jalalabad .	2	Present
How is the site doing ?	4	Present
There have been some issues with getting everything coordinated lately and I wanted to make sure that we knew who was on point .	12	Past
The area controlled by the Bogd Khaan was approximately that of the former Outer Mongolia during the Qing period .	7	Past
As time went on , I came out with books and CDs , and I became used to that kind of thing .	15	Past
Mr President , Commissioner , I would like to begin by thanking Mrs Schroedter , the rapporteur , for her work .	6	Past
prospective audiences differ both in decoding ability and in potential interest .	2	Present
Respondents were allowed to choose one response from 11 categories .	2	Past
you do n't know what that means ?	6	Present
It came out better than I even imagined .	7	Past
Therefore , we will have to see how the requirements guaranteeing the maximum degree of safety can be further improved .	3	Present
Similarly , the dot-com bubble that preceded this period was marked by innovation – Web sites through which one could order dog food and soft drinks online .	6	Past
This last thought reminded him of something important .	3	Past
But if you have to do it by keeping that forty years or whatever sitting at the table with you and your children ... ach , it 's not healthy , it makes me sick .	27	Present
Today 's incident proves that Sharon has lost his patience and his hope in peace .	6	Present
In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge concerning the origins and consequences of discrimination and bias . [ 11 ]	6	Present
I have visited that place .	1	Present
She dived under the table to retrieve the bowl and emerged with her face glowing like the setting sun .	10	Past
There had been so many delays already that he did not know who was dead and who was alive , and how they got on – and so on , and so on .	23	Past
But you need to ask yourself do you feel the same way ?	2	Present
This defeats the purpose of using a Tradename .	1	Present
The restaurant is the most beautiful thai restaurant in Geelong ... just love it	12	Present
It was just as though I had been let into some conspiracy – I do n't know – something not quite right ; and I was glad to get out .	25	Past
You should use the same spreadsheet format used for the 1/29/02 DPR .	7	Past
There was one death in the injured group and the others with major injuries .?	6	Past
The application allows visualization of the player 's performance and offers the possibility of monitoring by teachers .	10	Present
To provide information on the analytical sample as a whole , two additional demographic variables are included .	15	Present
He 's pretty much an " I love American Food , good drinks on occasion , laid back . " kind of guy . ;)	1	Present
It is a bustling place where separate parties are seated at the same table ( as in many European cafes ) , but if you are OK with that , the food is very good .	8	Present
A significantly higher cost which clearly exceeds the average of the countries that adopt the single currency , which is equal to 1,365 euros per litre .	6	Present
When I went to Bosnia , all the meat was Halal .	9	Past
Then you are free to do what you want .	8	Present
Still , one cannot avoid the uneasy feeling that , when all is said and done , the contribution of recent technological innovations to long-term growth in living standards may be substantially less than the enthusiasts claim .	36	Present
He also had bright blue eyes like Frank Sinatra did :)	2	Past
What matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving Spain out of Iraq .	9	Past
The Europeans do not need their current level of representation , and the positions and voices of middle - and lower - income countries should be strengthened .	2	Present
During this time , Marcelle was often left alone in the room while Piaf and Mômone were out on the streets or at the club singing .	5	Past
0 - Number of principal civilian or Pentagon staff members who planned the war who have immediate family members serving in uniform in Iraq .	11	Past
Alike ... both were fought for securities reasons by the US ( no matter what the liberal revisionist historians tell you ) .	4	Past
Catalano moved back to the area after living in London and then Glasgow , where he had studied jewellery design at Glasgow School of Art .	1	Past
There is a proper balanced way to achieve the rights that everybody here wants to see .	13	Present
The 1.25 million people who have been housed in stadiums and convention centers across Texas will begin to populate Houston , Dallas , San Antonio and Galveston , and the surrounding areas .	5	Present
from responsible persons , cautious and grudging statements rephrasing and amending your own questions ;	10	Present
It has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time , the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .	25	Present
This makes the Dursleys sound almost human .	1	Present
It is the most common tumour found in babies , occurring in one of every 35,000 births .	1	Present
The salatim salads are the smallest plates I 've ever seen placed in front of me ( you would most likely think they were condiments if it were n't explained to you ) .	23	Past
The Island is new to tourism , so if you are looking for a luxurious vacation this is not the right destination .	11	Present
Also woodpeckers were pecking in the trees and I just sat and watched .	3	Present
This shall be applauded given the size and strength of Phailin .	3	Past
We have shown that the future of the audio-visual industry is a debate which crosses all political and national boundaries .	1	Present
As far as George Bush knew , he and his unit could have been transferred to Vietnam .	13	Past
She said quietly , We certainly did n't think we 'd be the proprietors of the Silver Rhino .	1	Past
I have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrow .	1	Present
Slowly , Dobby shook his head .	3	Past
Peggy Banczak is the ENA lawyer who handles Mexico .	7	Present
I have the following suggestion for our company .	1	Present
Stapled to the pen was a little white paper flag , one side of which read : This good article is the Courtesy of a DEAF MUTE .	15	Past
Tradition has it that the theme was selected intentionally because of the great number of converted Jews who lived in Palma .	6	Past
Let me know if you have any questions .	5	Present
If you are new to " The Cat Album " I can tell you that you 'll find more than 1100 pictures of cute cats at this site .	2	Present
I can say all of our EPM horses were treated early when they were showing mild signs like Shee gave and all returned to racing .	14	Present
I went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000 etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info it s greatly appreciated .	18	Present
Every now and then she stops to breathe .	5	Present
The literary critic A. C. Bradley described this style as " more concentrated , rapid , varied , and , in construction , less regular , not seldom twisted or elliptical " .	28	Past
I believe they have a real study testing the lab work in real world situations now , but it may be some time before those results are released .	3	Present
When he had come to the end , he said , Do you think I 'm crazy ?	2	Past
Abby is our beloved friend , and we are trying to raise money for her any way we can , so this prize money is important to help her continue to receive her life - saving treatments .	9	Present
If the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this leaves a lot to be desired !	15	Present
The Skilled Worker category was my first attempt at permanent residency .	4	Past
On one occasion , it is implied he is an undercover agent whose target is Homer .	14	Present
Eliot , along with G. Wilson Knight and the school of New Criticism , led a movement towards a closer reading of Shakespeare 's imagery .	14	Past
That being said , the laffa and hummus are out of this world .	2	Past
Now I just do it once or twice a week or as needed .	3	Present
' ... He lifted a warning forefinger ... .	3	Past
Many times mice are drawn into homes on the search for food .	3	Present
If you bought packaged quinoa , this step is n't always necessary , but it 's better to be safe than sorry .	8	Present
Not everyone wants to bring packed lunch .	5	Past
Is series two working so far ?	0	Present
I hurried home .	1	Past
French women are the ones to say yes , the way we say it is not usually as straigthforward as you propose to do .	12	Present
The issuing of coinage is predominantly numismatic in nature , with the intention of being sold mainly to collectors .	15	Past
The text of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe drawn up in the Bulgarian and Romanian languages shall be annexed to this Treaty .	5	Present
The service is impeccable , and the food is even better .	2	Present
A bold step taken shall not be regretted , I assure you .	10	Present
I purchased a nissan from this dealship .	1	Past
The program is well established and we have been extremely satisfied with the teachers , the programs and the director .	2	Present
Here it is right here .	2	Present
Yes , he too would have liked to have this wife and this child , to sit around all day spouting drivel about old books , to be surrounded by yoyos and ham omelettes and fountain pens .	28	Past
Later the Odara woman sang the new national anthem in a beautiful contralto , her big belly trembling under the robe .	17	Present
Shrugging , he gives up and I turn to the twice disagreeable chicken and eat guiltily , my appetite spoiled .	19	Past
A key question is how they acquired the anthrax strain first isolated by the Texas Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Lab in 1980 .	11	Past
I have no inside information , but I have been following links today that strongly indicate that Google is damn serious about securing permanent control of the leading edge browser technology in Firefox .	9	Past
It ’s not a geographic endeavor , it is an intellectual endeavor .	1	Present
It had known and served all the men of whom the nation is proud , from Sir Francis Drake to Sir John Franklin , knights all , titled and untitled – the great knights-errant of the sea .	4	Past
Again , despite a rising chorus of concern from researchers , political markets have seemed frozen .	4	Present
Iranian officials are deeply concerned about the US occupation of Shindand , a massive Soviet - era airbase just 30 kilometres from Iran ’s border .	2	Present
As you mark things off , you will be motivated to continue doing so , and seeing it on a regular basis will remind you that your project needs to be done .	28	Present
The " History " section of the site explains , in a satirical fashion , that the incident was prompted by the Church of Scientology 's attempts to remove a promotional video featuring Scientologist Tom Cruise from YouTube .	18	Past
Over the years I have performed in 32 countries and 40 states .	5	Past
Analysis revealed that historic amounts of data had been used to cause the disruption .	8	Past
We started it basically , because I wanted to - I wanted to work with Isabel on a lot of projects that we had going on together .	11	Past
Position a large mirror so you can check your positioning and see what you 're doing .	14	Present
I bet you also did take charcoal as it is used for barbecue which does not get as hot as real coal ( e.g. for blacksmithing one needs coal , not barbecue charcoal ) .	27	Present
Drink from me if you can ; wash , if you like ; trouble my waters if you dare .	11	Present
Nothing contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein .	5	Past
And no , I do not work for them . :)	4	Present
Dr. Wallen explained the procedure in detail and took his time with me .	2	Past
“ You want it ? ” she says .	7	Present
He had been captured the previous month in Rawalpindi , Pakistan .	1	Past
Quinn decided he would be less vulnerable in another spot and removed himself to the waiting room .	11	Past
For my part , I feel that the negotiations were balanced and that they open the way for achieving a sustainable market .	9	Past
After happily visiting Sear's Automotives in the past , I was shocked at the horrible service received at their Greensboro location .	16	Past
i 've only tried to feed him one at a time .	3	Past
There 's even a chapter titled " Poisonous Letter " in the Al Qaeda manual .	1	Present
As a foreign visitor , you are not expected to know how to wai , nor to reciprocate when wai'd to ;	6	Present
with my breakfast I like bacon and sausage when I having a big breakfast like a grand slam with pancakes and the works .	4	Present
THERE IS NO SUCH THING any more , anywhere , it ’s an online dating scam . "	1	Present
Yeah , this complex is not very good .	4	Present
the economy is down and when enron collapses , the energy industry is going to be in a world of hurt .	12	Present
Because of the ants I dropped them to a 3 star .	5	Past
Why have n't you been answering my letters ?	4	Past
Spreading democracy over the world , the Americans first fought rigged elections in Syria , but the old corruption continued despite all their power and money could do .	19	Past
he saw the consul 's wife , whom he had met briefly , disappearing upstairs with her head bent consolingly to a Siamese .	10	Past
Harry had never met either of them , but knew that Charlie was in Romania , studying dragons , and Bill in Egypt , working for the wizard 's bank , Gringotts .	3	Past
Other pan-democrats elected were Leung Yiu-chung of NWSC and James To of the Democratic Party .	3	Past
In the preface to La Comédie Humaine he wrote :	8	Past
Western sheep and cattle ranchers , on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conducted , gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote him off as a job well done .	13	Past
Even a little time spent receiving wholesome , uncontaminated food , good medical care , etc. can add years to their lives .	4	Past
The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges , I finally gave up , he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful .	17	Past
I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has .	9	Past
He never gave that secret away .	2	Past
A furry black band of ants led up a cupboard door to some scrap that had flicked from a plate .	15	Past
He traveled to Florida to meet with Devocht , who had told Montalvo he would assist him with future employment and housing .	1	Past
This has not yet penetrated the thinking of the Western World .	4	Past
and the verse in The Two Gentlemen of Verona has been described as stilted .	11	Past
New Orleans mayor Ray Nagin said up to 80 % of the city was submerged , in some cases by waters 6 m ( 20 ft ) deep .	13	Past
Disabled athletes also challenge existing relations of power by displaying dedication , hard work and perseverance in different contexts than those most sports fans are accustomed to .	24	Present
Both bathrooms look like they were flooded and the wood cabinets are thrashed at the bottom and they slapped some pieces of wood over to try to cover it up .	2	Present
The document is now lost , however , and scholars differ as to its authenticity .	10	Present
Just the fact that those were the lead stories for so many days , in everything from US Weekly to Time Magazine .	5	Past
As Joyce 's story demonstrates , agriculture is crucial to Africa 's future .	7	Present
Catalano moved back to the area after living in London and then Glasgow , where he had studied jewellery design at Glasgow School of Art .	16	Past
The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced " Vilt-two " — the discoverer was German , I believe ) .	25	Past
( 7 ) Ecodesign requirements should be set bearing in mind the goals and priorities of the Sixth Community Environment Action Programme , including as appropriate applicable goals of the relevant thematic strategies of that Programme .	5	Past
It sounds as though his health has deteriorated significantly .	1	Present
As the car rattled through the park toward the West Side , Quinn looked out the window and wondered if these were the same trees that Peter Stillman saw when he walked out into the air and the light .	28	Past
When I arrived at Brickell Honda on 6/4/11 , I was greeted and attended to by the Sales Manager , Gustavo Guerra , in a very friendly and professional manner .	13	Past
For example , after we 've opened up by asking about this person 's interest in the band in his / her username , it 's logical and reasonable to ask about this person 's musical likes and dislikes .	25	Present
I feel great in it .	1	Present
When I finally found someone at the desk who could speak English , they moved our room , but we still did not receive the single queen we had " reserved "	21	Past
If a pair is n't leaving eggs ... check the following :	3	Present
The square is surrounded by buildings from the Safavid era .	2	Present
She was shaking her head slowly while Odara was speaking .	9	Present
In two months Carroll had learned that her parents lived on a farm several miles outside of town ; that they sold strawberries in summer , and Christmas trees in the winter .	9	Past
I SAY LISTEN : I 'm at 17th and LOCUST , do you deliver there ?	11	Present
Percy muttered vaguely about needing a new quill .	4	Present
One critic explained that " there is a center and a circumference to Balzac 's world .	6	Present
or are they just supposed to look like they are so nothing will try to eat them	1	Present
A package of reforms has been agreed .	4	Present
1561 Last time castling was 2 separate moves .	4	Past
First of if i went alone on a regular cabin how much would you estimate it would be just a guess .	4	Past
Side note : If you have anything due right now , and you have n't finished it , leave this article and complete that work .	13	Present
It was Don Quixote who engineered the Benengali quartet .	1	Past
Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .	27	Past
Harry wiped his forehead on his sleeve as Draco turned away .	9	Past
" He 's so fervent , " says my wife .	2	Present
They are out of business .	1	Present
Students like Rai have been meeting with counsellors at the school to talk about what happened , but she said the biggest comfort has come from seeing her friends .	5	Present
To find anyone still proud , anyone who believed in giants or shame , was hilarious .	8	Past
Finally , the " Hatfill theory " seems to have been exhausted or at least lost public favor .	10	Past
They said they were " unable to tell me until they ordered my dress " .	1	Past
The islamist had been released from Egyptian prison and had known Zawahiri well for many years .	9	Past
Our window panes were so dirty that they needed a specialist to come and clean them .	3	Past
If he always does this , welcome to the club .	3	Present
I have a Kodak Camera ( 10.2 Megapixels ) ... Kodak AF 5x OPTICAL LENS ... how do I pause it while recording ?	17	Present
Neil said , Hey ?	1	Past
She probably does not even have 10 % of the knowledge that some of the other EXPERIENCED vets do in this area .	2	Present
I would like to draw people 's attention to Amendments Nos 1 and 2 which were agreed by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs but not accepted by the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .	1	Past
Public opinion still has no faith in the Commission 's ability to exercise control .	3	Present
Got the tile ripped out , call today , now all the sudden this grinder wo n't leave a finished look AND it 's $ 125 PLUS around $ 75 for the inserts .	19	Past
“ It ’s okay , Mom , ” I say .	2	Present
Its name was Internet Explorer 6 .	2	Past
Are we playing tomorrow at 9:30 ?	0	Present
This is the best Mediterranean Restaurant in the West Valley , I have friend who drive from central Phx to come here .	12	Present
My origin Station is Howrah , but I want to board at Asansol ..	8	Present
However , Pyrrhus was forced to leave Sicily in order to attend to business in southern Italy .	4	Past
It ’s another low-grade moment of horror , but I think about that particular time with my mother because Renata was there and we were united , she and I .	20	Past
It follows a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for Iraq 's police and army instead went to al - Qaeda .	18	Past
Madam President , our colleague , Mr Cox , has done some excellent work on the Commission 's proposal .	10	Past
Anyone who would n't have wanted the last drop of your sweat and pride in return ?	5	Past
In the end , these choices provide the greatest number of people with the best opportunity to share in the history and accomplishments of NASA 's remarkable Space Shuttle Program .	6	Present
During this time , Marcelle was often left alone in the room while Piaf and Mômone were out on the streets or at the club singing .	16	Past
Either Stillman knew what he was doing or he did n't .	6	Present
Neil Bayley was the one to find this out , because of some domestic mishap or misunderstanding that made his arrival at the visitors ' stand very late .	2	Past
They eventually turned it over to a collection agency and now will not even discuss the matter .	2	Past
I think that providing people with a practical education is one of the most empowering things you can offer a person .	9	Present
Would n't you have to pay the price in suffering ?	3	Present
In 2012 , there were an estimated 207 million cases of malaria , leading to some 627,000 deaths .	4	Past
Both of these stops are only about a 20 minute walk from the event and have no crowds at all .	15	Present
They sell these kits in most hobby and craft stores .	1	Present
On September 9 , 2002 , Aldrin was lured to a Beverly Hills hotel on the pretext of being interviewed for a Japanese children 's television show on the subject of space .	19	Past
According to the director 's own count , to date he has made eight feature films .	12	Past
Happened on to this place while out of town on business , and it was great !	0	Past
Foz on the Brazilian side is the larger town , however both are geared up to cater for visitors to the Waterfalls and National Parks , and so offer a range of accommodation for all budgets .	12	Present
Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "	16	Present
Around 230 years after Shakespeare 's death , doubts began to be expressed about the authorship of the works attributed to him .	19	Past
In the mean time , much stronger friction over land quickly reduces their strength .	11	Present
If you ’re in an elevator that is playing music , start to dance .	8	Present
The previous general legislative election in Hong Kong was before the 2014 protests .	8	Past
Wandering , therefore , was a kind of mindlessness .	0	Present
Dragging back the little curtain from the oval window , she looked into the dazzling glare of space and said , Glorious morning up here ! and they discussed with animation the cold and sudden winter that was left behind .	0	Present
either way you also need to keep an eye on the temperature if you are using a dry fish tank as UV lights in my experience up the temperature significantly and without proper ventilation it can become an oven .	4	Present
At the age of six , I myself wore a tallith katan , or scapular , under my shirt , only mine was a scrap of green calico print , whereas theirs are white linen .	32	Present
Ron 's school spellbooks were stacked untidily in a corner , next to a pile of comics that all seemed to feature The Adventures of Martin Miggs , the Mad Muggle .	19	Past
Has a location , Theirs or TW land / ROW , been settled and when is the required in - service date ?	0	Present
He had to claim that it was real .	6	Past
Comfortable and clean beds , a bit noisy when people were coming in late from a night out , but we did n't mind too much as we were also just coming in from a night out !	11	Present
The Kashmir issue generates far more terrorism , and even the threat of nuclear war , than Iraq ever did .	3	Present
Finally , the amendment tabled by the rapporteur is perfectly logical and I can , therefore , give it my wholehearted support .	4	Past
After searching for two or three minutes , he finally found a place on one of the benches , wedging himself between a man in a blue suit and a plump young woman .	19	Present
It is also hard , on the other hand , to expect countries to surrender sovereignty over their national health systems .	1	Present
This is my first experience and I have two six week old kittens right now and am at my wit s end .	7	Present
This tug - of - war over calculating economic values is the one that ultimately will have to be decided by humans , because animals and plants can adjust only so much .	19	Past
It does n't change the company 's intrinsic worth , and as the article notes , the company might be added to a major index once the shares get more liquid .	1	Present
Today , like many Americans , I am skeptical .	7	Present
Now why does that matter for human health ?	4	Present
You ate frozen potatoes , you foraged , and you stole .	6	Past
Second , we attracted millions of readers via the virtuous circle of wiki editing : We had some articles of mixed quality , and editors joined to improve those articles , which in turn attracted more readers .	16	Past
If you hear a lot of awkward pauses or “ah”s or “um”s , your joke isn ’t ready and you need to practice more . [ 8 ]	15	Present
The authors of the Parnassus plays at St John 's College , Cambridge numbered him with Chaucer , Gower and Spenser .	13	Past
Combine 50 milliliters of hydrogen peroxide and a liter of distilled water in a mixing bowl .	10	Past
Retail and wholesale businesses expanded as shoppers remained upbeat , and consumer services companies also grew .	15	Past
Your suggestion to introduce the concept discussed with one of the Lays is welcomed .	13	Past
I do n't believe that folks who believe that America is the land of opportunity will change their views from this recent news .	1	Present
I had a sampler of IPA , Brawler , Love Stout & ESA .	1	Past
He lay on his bed watching the sun sinking behind the bars on the window and wondered miserably what was going to happen to him .	8	Present
A short but wide - ranging menu executed with innovative perfection in a cozy hole in the wall just off the main street .	7	Past
We 're right now using an automated microscope that we developed several years ago for nuclear astrophysics work to scan the collector in the Cosmic Dust Lab in Building 31 at Johnson Space Center .	10	Past
Exporting data and database objects to an XML file is a convenient way to move and store your information in a format that can readily be used across the Web .	26	Past
We signed our name in about 6:00 pm .	1	Past
Both proved popular and were often reprinted during Shakespeare 's lifetime .	1	Past
Visited Fujairah when in Dubai .	0	Past
Do we have a sense for how many we can reach , how many we ca n't and where they are ?	0	Present
A Top Quality Sandwich made to artistic standards .	4	Past
" But the bottom line is that the ideas protected by IP rights are the dynamo of growth for developed and developing countries alike .	9	Past
As a result , a population of just over 100,000 in 1950 has given way to a 2014 estimate of 1,537,058 ( with the metro area estimated at 4,489,109 ) .	12	Present
Do other brides fall for this ???	0	Present
So before hand I kinda knew about him , but I never met him .	12	Past
I guess Mom is going to come back down sometime in March or April to see the new baby .	1	Present
I know it can take a while for results and did n't expect a miracle , but after 2 months I felt like it was not entirely worth the cost / time .	1	Present
As concerned citizens we affirm the liberty of adults of the same gender to love and marry .	4	Present
Mrs Weasley was marching across the yard , scattering chickens , and for a short , plump , kind-faced woman , it was remarkable how much she looked like a saber-toothed tiger .	22	Past
They were laughing at the chemist as well as at the traveler .	1	Past
I just moved into the city , and I 'm wondering if there 's a place I can get good deals on restaurants here .	13	Present
I plan on going again .	1	Present
A further point was how private copying should be regulated in the digital environment .	9	Past
I am expecting to pay something in the $ 3, to $ 5,000 range .	1	Present
Since so much of the town ’s retail area is clustered in 3 or 4 block radius , it would be beneficial to walk around , but might also be dangerous given the high traffic intersections .	31	Past
as far as i know , everything is as good as it can be where his aquarium is concerned .	17	Present
I have also had an 80 yr old that I take of sent to the ER and long stays in the hospital .	12	Past
However , save some of your shots for the rest of the falls , as in total there are around 270 cascades that spread out over nearly 2 miles of the Iguazu River .	18	Present
Nothing contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein .	22	Past
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID .	3	Present
After a quick half-a-dozen bacon sandwiches each , they pulled on their coats and Mrs Weasley took a flowerpot off the kitchen mantelpiece and peered inside .	9	Past
Due to the shared climate , geology , and access to the sea , cultures centered on the Mediterranean tended to have some extent of intertwined culture and history .	3	Past
This is what we are today asking the Commissioner for .	1	Present
He took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of his shoes ??	12	Past
Orr 's a nightmare !	1	Present
( Although , we have broken that rule for Legal in the past . )	4	Present
It is next to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to Sacre Coeur which is excellent for shopping .	16	Present
Her big British eyes are affronted and her bosom has risen with indignation .	10	Past
Pioneers were assigned numbers , which were included on all cheques , enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how much . )	1	Past
The President will be expecting me to have come for you with the Mercedes , but , honestly , if I 'd have waited to get it I would have turned up I do n't know when .	29	Present
He felt as though Auster were taunting him with the things he had lost , and he responded with envy and rage , a lacerating self-pity .	17	Past
The probe began in June , focusing on Mr Winterkorn and brand chief Herbert Diess , who remains at the car maker .	2	Past
New York was the nowhere he had built around himself , and he realized that he had no intention of ever leaving it again .	13	Past
He had never mentioned his Gringotts bank account to the Dursleys ; he did n't think their horror of anything connected with magic would stretch to a large pile of gold .	3	Past
This seems to me to be a workable solution .	1	Present
He ’s spoken in favour of torture .	2	Past
The next item is the order of business .	3	Present
It is a limestone island with heights up to 213 m in the west .	1	Present
If wikiHow volunteers think our site is going in the wrong direction , they can take all the content and all the software and move the project elsewhere .	7	Present
TDS meters ( the thrifty aquarist 's hardness meter can be used if one has seen one of your municipal water department 's annual reports .	14	Present
Much later , when he was able to think about the things that happened to him , he would conclude that nothing was real except chance .	13	Past
My hair has never felt this healthy , either .	4	Past
too many bugs some you even never seen before .	7	Past
The Internet effort was said to be the main driver of capital expenditures for the unit .	4	Past
Sometimes before the dusk wavered the wood away into the distance , he went out into the sunlight that collected like golden water in the dip of the meadows and shot a partridge .	13	Past
The Pacific Standard bar is located in Brooklyn , New York , and is co-owned by Jonathan M. Stan and John-Christian G. Rauschenberg .	4	Present
The paper taste of the wafer was still in my mouth and I took a deep breath of the leather .	6	Past
This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave because other people were waiting .	10	Past
Bangs said his agency is still reviewing the decision .	4	Present
Lawsuits have been filed , mailing lists have been shut down , homes of discussion group participants have been raided and their computers seized -- an all-out war . "	17	Present
It may seem that the common agricultural policy or the trans-European transport network are higher priorities , but they are not .	19	Present
If you are looking for towing services that can offer you a good towed car service , then Auto Towing is the company for you .	3	Present
One of only two National Historic Scenic Reserves in New Zealand ( the other is the Waitangi Treaty Grounds ) , Hapupu is a special place , and somewhere that you will want to tell others about .	22	Present
The service is solicitous , the atmosphere is nice and mod except the out - of - place flat - screen TV playing football .	2	Present
By comparison , outdoor cats have a life expectancy of 3 - 7 years depending on how many predators are in the local environment .	19	Present
What I love most about this place , other than the food , is that eating here makes you feel like you 're in a small town rather than Baltimore .	17	Present
The long answer is a bit more complicated .	3	Present
Half of the 300 phenophases Leopold tracked showed a response consistent with warming .	6	Past
How do we accurately assess the fact that , owing to medical progress , heart surgery is more likely to be successful now than in the past , leading to a significant increase in life expectancy and quality of life ?	16	Present
I have also had an 80 yr old that I take of sent to the ER and long stays in the hospital .	1	Present
Originally christened Micro - Soft , the ' - ' was removed later on .	1	Past
You are in a state of peace and relaxation .	1	Present
From May to September there are southeast trade winds but during the summer months the winds are from the northeast .	16	Present
Capt. Spastic 's Demented World is located at : < >	6	Past
They were chirping and doing their every day business .	2	Present
We start with a joke .	1	Present
You 're a Mets fan in late September and you ll fight til the glorious end	1	Present
I found the hotel to be amazingly clean , not to mention very well adorned with many pleasant surprises .	1	Past
Lopez addressed the note which I had written , sealed it with his sleeve - link , and sent it by the hand of the servant , Jose .	1	Past
only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine .	19	Past
He had told me that he found indescribable delight in reading dictionaries for lack of other books .	6	Past
How did you originate these questions ?	1	Past
The freeze thawed some after Yang 's 2003 mission .	2	Past
Quinn had not worn a tie since the funerals of his wife and son , and he could not even remember if he still owned one .	3	Past
There was silence and then he heard that there were voices in the silence droning somewhere , breaking off for breath , laughing – not softly , but softened by being almost out of earshot .	6	Past
He was sent to France to have insignias made for members of the Society , a group of veterans of the war .	8	Past
They were conquerors , and for that you want only brute force – nothing to boast of , when you have it , since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others .	20	Present
Flipped the square over and saw it riddled with green mold !!!!	0	Past
Recent years are seeing a revival , and trendy hotels , bars , shops and restaurants are making it a place to be again .	17	Present
If you do not have any religious beliefs , or are for another reason unwilling to appeal to your patron deity , skip this step .	2	Present
He may have been seen in Hamilton , Canada -- along with Egyptian al - Maati , who apparently also has received pilot training .	21	Past
It was this scar that made Harry so particularly unusual , even for a wizard .	5	Past
We now know that Bush and his administration came into office obsessed with Iraq .	8	Past
Meanwhile , his place in tribune was occupied by Marco Antonio , who held the position until December .	13	Past
i have tried feeding him 5 or 6 live pinkies and 4 or 5 frozen ( thawed ) pinkies .	16	Past
It 's historical for Sf , so when your aunte comes for a visit , take her there .	1	Present
The hope may be that Posada can soon be offered to a post-Chavez Allawi - like puppet in Caracas .	9	Past
They know their job and you do not have to watch them to be sure everything is done right .	16	Present
Middle Office have instigated a new daily working capital report process tracking cash settlement / funding data to working capital components for all Metals businesses .	3	Past
The reality is that IP protection is an economic engine that developing - country citizens should not have to forego .	2	Present
Thank you for your assistance .	0	Present
They are currently using 9.5 % fixed based on the 1 year implied volatility .	6	Past
I can say all of our EPM horses were treated early when they were showing mild signs like Shee gave and all returned to racing .	8	Past
Venetia had had a first in Greek , herself , only a year ago , and could laugh over the mistakes .	2	Past
This is unlikely as they said that even the first training item was said well .	1	Present
In this respect , I accept this proposal to amend Directive 94 / 55 / EC which has been tabled for discussion today .	18	Past
There are seventy beginning of stories without ends .	1	Present
Since lots of people are still living there , then it must be fine to visit .	6	Present
Listened to my problem and took care of it .	5	Past
He heard Dando , forced by the old Labrador into the garden , walking about outside the guest hut and talking reproachfully to the dog ;	1	Past
I am 61 now so I really started when I was about 10 years old even though I had seen and worked with some basic tricks a few years earlier .	21	Past
The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral , this tradition started after the civil war .	19	Present
But the rate of productivity growth in construction is low , and the value of many credit - fueled projects subsequently turns out to be low or negative .	8	Present
The Jihad " soldiers " join packaged death tours to Iraq and other hotspots , while some of their leaders ski in Switzerland .	20	Present
Sorry , almost forgot to ask - Would it be cheaper to walk - in to these hotels rather than pre book ?	3	Past
This blue was almost the same as his eyes : a milky blue that seemed to dissolve into a mixture of sky and clouds .	14	Past
No extensions shall be granted for the contracting period .	2	Present
Most Fridays I 'm going to TRY to pick Michael up since I 'm away so much , which means leaving by 445 or so .	3	Present
I assume his actual reason is that he 's worried that Berkshire Hathaway just ca n't grow quickly enough to justify his usual charity policy .	5	Present
I am so glad that we now have a good nail shop on San Mateo Avenue !	1	Present
I was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that I have had in my life .	14	Past
In 2010 , the foundation released a typeset edition of “ Zettel ’s Traum , ” removing the bar to entry for those who balked at the draft - like feel of the photo - offset .	5	Past
Of the metal music farce , Ministry has definately made in - road into ' Loose Change " - " Alex Jones " territory with their new record , Rio Grande Blood .	7	Present
Two vaunted economists - one a Nobel Prize winner and the other a nationally renowned budget expert - have analyzed the data at hand and put a price tag on the Iraq occupation .	25	Past
What actually is it they do ? "	5	Present
Are the adherent of ' Crowleyan Thelema ' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect ' energy ? '	0	Present
One of the students indicated that he is interested in a summer internship .	4	Past
I was ashamed to be in friendship with girls ... until I undrstood that it 's not seakness as well as women wearing men 's pants is n't seak :)	15	Present
Greece was divided into many small , self - governing communities , a pattern largely dictated by Greek geography : every island , valley and plain is cut off from its neighbours by the sea or mountain ranges .	27	Past
For whatever reason , President Barack Obama 's administration did not push this item hard in 2013 and early 2014 – and the agenda of encouraging further IMF reform has therefore languished .	31	Past
China was defeated , and in 1842 agreed to the provisions of the Treaty of Nanking .	2	Past
Naturally , the office landscape features many clothes and little in the way of food .	5	Present
There is considerable evidence that it is developing both a long - range missile force and a range of weapons of mass destruction .	1	Present
Well it is the wrong one , because I told you this morning I wanted the round flat bottle put in the fridge .	14	Past
When i put him off of my bed , he jumps back on and same thing .	2	Past
Any unused or unjustifiably spent funds shall be recovered by the Commission .	8	Past
The decisions were adopted unanimously .	2	Past
St François if you go at the eastern point of Guadeloupe , you will reach La Pointe des Chateaux , a scenery made of sand and rocks which have vaguely the shape of a castle .	22	Past
Foz on the Brazilian side is the larger town , however both are geared up to cater for visitors to the Waterfalls and National Parks , and so offer a range of accommodation for all budgets .	28	Present
But a scan has shown the tumour in Ms Pugh 's right lung is growing , and she has had to leave the trial .	19	Past
Another theme Higuchi repeated was the ambition and cruelty of the Meiji middle class .	4	Past
I have a change in plans next week .	1	Present
They certainly know what they are doing .	5	Present
When was Miramar founded ?	3	Past
I have a dwarf hamster who HATES his wheel and does n't use it -	1	Present
This was not considered particularly bizarre ; other American ambassadors and ministers in the Arab world were entirely in favor of " genuine " revolution to overthrow old landowners , rich crooks , and politicians .	1	Past
Bugs were a small problem , nothing too bad .	1	Past
wha' d' you say , James ...	1	Present
To get her to talk , although I was tired of lingua and I did n't really want to think about anything .	8	Past
The Council shall make such adaptations to its Rules of Procedure as are rendered necessary by accession .	13	Past
A package and some wedding cards were left in our first room .	6	Past
At the same time , it pleased him to know that Stillman also had a red notebook , as if this formed a secret link between them .	13	Past
It remains to be seen whether they will extend the same courtesy to the arriving gray wolf .	4	Past
Here are the top ten most requested eSpeakers .	1	Present
My next - door neighbor heard the noise and turned on a light , thankfully scaring the two miscreants away ( they even left their hammer behind ! ) .	23	Past
Security measures are strict on flights to Israel , the bags are searched , the men are frisked , and the women have an electronic hoop passed over them , fore-and-aft .	16	Present
Noticed a few of these Cookie cutter places opening in Summit and New Providence .	0	Past
But the harmful psychological effects that abortions have on women are deliberately and constantly concealed .	14	Past
According to senior counter terrorism officials , both here and abroad , among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it .	36	Past
I had a dead battery last week and called this company since they were the closest they had very quick service for a Monday morning , thanks again guys .	17	Past
By the time he came to his street , he was running .	4	Past
" Despite an increase in vehicle miles driven and energy consumption , surface ozone has declined by 25 percent on average across the U.S. from 1980 to 2012 [...]	14	Present
You can not set the SQL query mode new database default to ANSI-92 in 2000 file format because the option is disabled ;	21	Past
There 's another top predator in the ocean , it turns out .	1	Present
I admit that , Commissioner , and also thank the Commission for improving its proposal compared to the original text .	12	Present
< Embedded Picture ( Device Independent Bitmap ) >	1	Past
The countryside is very beautiful , especially if you have a few months ( or years ) to get to know the place .	9	Present
A page created using Microsoft Access 2000 must be converted before it can be used with Access 2002 .	9	Past
Madam President , there has clearly been a misunderstanding .	6	Past
For electoral reasons and in order to appeal to the masses , the subject has been brought up again .	16	Past
Just kidding , Pepsi is actually in the process of being thrown out of India for similar crimes , as well .	11	Past
In fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .	8	Past
And it was great that they did not charge a service fee to diagnose the problem - an added bonus !!	6	Past
By 2009 , total sales of The Power of Now and A New Earth in North America had been estimated at three million and five million copies respectively .	19	Past
Some time ago ... a word in your ear , I said , you 'd be unwise to lose Brigadier Radcliffe .	14	Past
I have ordered Bose Headfones worth 300 USD .	1	Present
We go to Japaneiro 's all the time and we have NEVER been disappointed !	13	Past
The two main factors driving that increase were the expansion of credit and the rapid rise in resources devoted to asset management ( associated , not coincidentally , with the exponential growth in financial - sector incomes ) .	18	Past
However , it was too oriented to small posts in the West and not as well - prepared for an overseas conflict .	3	Past
This is the original Ham 's restaurant , expanded into a regional chain in the late 80's -- but this one is no more .	21	Present
When she was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease the doctor gave her 13 years to live .	11	Past
What matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving Spain out of Iraq .	6	Present
In BA , I 'll be meeting with Marval lawyers .	6	Present
The graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics I have ever seen for any game and I have been gaming since the MUD days .	21	Past
It s between sea and mountains so you can camp on beach or between mountains !	1	Present
Are you still chasing that ?	3	Present
Chatham Motors have a range of nice rental vans available as well and they provide pretty good service for both visitors and locals .	14	Present
The Incas treated the crop as sacred and referred to quinoa as " chisaya mama " or " mother of all grains . " [ 1 ]	2	Past
For some black satire on Fallujah , see Unconfirmed Sources which has some fun with my Weblog .	11	Present
He took out his wallet and removed the five-hundred-dollar check that Virginia Stillman had written two weeks earlier .	1	Past
It 's always a bang - your - head - against - the - wall moment , reading again the play the incompetence theory receives , even from some of the Administration 's harshest mainstream critics .	24	Present
We have attended A Ward Dance Centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we are taught Ballroom and Latin as well as the fun filled social dance evening held every Saturday evening ....	34	Past
It had ceased to be a blank space of delightful mystery – a white patch for a boy to dream gloriously over .	1	Past
USI 's exhibit , which is located in Evansville , Indiana , is to run from January 23 through March 9 .	6	Past
Furthermore , it has transpired that research in the ports in Belgium , Finland , but also in Japan has shown that 50 % of containers with partially dangerous cargo are not delivered correctly for shipment .	19	Present
If they are able to take earthworms uncut , that is really impressive !	2	Present
Another variation is where the referee places the snitch somewhere in the field ( in this case it 's a small ball ) .	2	Present
I suppose we said many times we 'd come back when they got their independence .	7	Past
cats react to the treatment they receive , they are not toys .	9	Present
This study is limited in its power and generalizability .	3	Past
In doing so , the US could draw support from exports , especially to a rebalanced China – currently its third - largest and fastest - growing major export market .	26	Present
The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend , facing off teams of video gamers in a packed hall .	5	Past
We have been successful in communicating that information to the new commissioners and Ercot and seeking resolution .	1	Present
NOTE : You may want to retain every name and address sent to you , either on a computer or hard copy and keep the notes people send you .	11	Past
We have received the executed Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade , Inc. dated March 2 , 2000 .	1	Present
We 've only had one urgent issue to deal with and they were very prompt in their response .	1	Present
I seem to have arrived , he said to himself .	4	Past
Everyone has the right to an effective remedy by the competent national tribunals for acts violating the fundamental rights granted him by the constitution or by law .	1	Present
It ’s an interesting tool , created to overload/create malformed strings and crash a website ’s database , " said the post by an unknown author on pigmy .	6	Past
I 've never been a smoker & am a very strong anti-smoker , but I 'm an over-eater & so I know how hard it is to change a habit .	25	Present
Do you live in a gated community or gentrified neighborhood ?	0	Present
He recalled that she was less interested in details , such as staircases .	1	Past
Everyone was so friendly and really went out of their way to make sure everything went well .	6	Past
The stale cool air of the room had heated ; yet weariness receded , his head was left high and dry of it .	12	Past
My perspective is entirely based on what I see , on what I read and on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years .	21	Present
That 's why I rang the buzzer without asking who it was .	11	Past
More significantly , China holds a large portion of the American economy in the palm of its hand .	4	Present
Myself and Credit were calling in and none of the calls rolled into voice mail ( ? ) .	3	Past
~ It took over 40 mins to be taken to our table , once there it took another 20 mins to get our orders and a further 45 mins till our starters landed on our table .	16	Past
The owner was very friendly and helpful .	2	Past
Perhaps something got lost in the translation , but the phrase " Chemical Wire Group " has appeared in all the english Pakistan and India papers .	2	Past
Also , I have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go ?	14	Past
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task ; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business .	14	Present
Investigators said the nun , Margaret Ann Pahl , 71 , was strangled and then stabbed , with nine wounds on her chest forming the shape of an inverted cross , a well - recognized Satanic symbol .	1	Past
She looks up at me , at Renata .	1	Present
There are already several forums around the net focused on discussing Guild Wars , so why create a new one ?	1	Present
( This is a kind of " wind " of interstellar dust , caused by the fact that our solar system is moving with respect to the local interstellar medium . )	21	Present
There was a group in loud discussion round the empty fireplace where the beer bottles were stacked ...	1	Past
The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming , and makes me more grateful for the blessings I have .	22	Present
He is very knowledgeable and took the time to explain the repairs to me .	1	Present
She answers all questions asked and provides the best service i have ever seen .	1	Present
It was a woman who opened the apartment door .	5	Past
He and Ron went down to breakfast to find Mr and Mrs Weasley and Ginny already sitting at the kitchen table .	16	Present
And around and around it goes , shouted the boy , suddenly spreading his arms and spinning around the room like a gyroscope .	7	Past
I 'm looking to visit India with some mates at the beginning of February next year and I am wandering what standard of accommodation we could get for Rs 500 per person per night .	2	Present
But supporters are pointing a few good things out :	3	Present
Is that Microwave that you gave Dan really expensive ?	5	Past
to distribute copies or phonorecords of , display publicly , perform publicly , and perform publicly by means of a digital audio transmission Derivative Works .	7	Present
Local municipalities in Italy ask taxes from religious schools	4	Present
I am not such a fool as I look , quoth Plato to his disciples , he said sententiously , emptied his glass with great resolution , and we rose .	1	Present
The hijacker Ahmed Alhaznawi appears to have contracted cutaneous anthrax in Afghanistan .	4	Present
The General Court , in agreement with the Court of Justice , shall make such adaptations to its Rules of Procedure as are rendered necessary by accession .	22	Present
" I ca n't do that , we have n't enough for them , " she says .	16	Present
Yes , Mrs Schroedter , I shall be pleased to look into the facts of this case when I have received your letter .	20	Past
Bray was half-embarrassed to find that he even caught his eye , once , and there was a quick smile ; but Mweta was used to having eyes on him , by now .	2	Past
By that point we had clinched it .	5	Past
Yahoo! Mail has the best spam protection around	2	Present
So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)	3	Past
In the foreground , facing the magazine rack , a young student stood with an open magazine in his hands , staring at a picture of a naked woman .	12	Past
Iran is encircled by Afghanistan , by the Gulf States , Iraq and the Moslem republics of the former Soviet Union .	1	Present
Please use the form attached when preparing the top ten risks for your businesses .	4	Past
Uncle Vernon coughed again .	2	Past
For one thing is clear :	3	Present
You have fallen in a cultural misunderstanding .	2	Past
The drawstring just completes the fit .	3	Present
what r the requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada ?	1	Present
The edge of a brilliant red sun was now gleaming through the trees .	9	Present
Thirty years of hard work , planting and harvesting in the kibbutz .	6	Present
Bands , food , and prizes are sponsored by Beyond Control , who will be competing in the Band of the Year Contest at the River Front Festival in Cuyahoga Falls on July 1 .	15	Present
However , he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron 's interests .	3	Past
They wear extremely loud shirts , blue-green sprigged with red berries , but they strike me as good fellows and are neat and nimble about the table .	20	Present
The attached documents include the GA II Settlement proposal , an Attachment ( a copy of PG&E 's proposed Gas Rule 27 ) , and a set of supporting workpapers .	18	Past
One witness at the Moutasaddiq trial in Germany alleged that Zarqawi had not allowed Monotheism and Holy War to share resources with al - Qaeda in the early zeroes of the 21st century .	11	Past
The opinion must be expressed when the vote on the full text is taken in committee .	12	Present
Baffled by the one - star reviews	0	Past
As a steady wind begins to blow , fine particles lying on the exposed ground begin to vibrate .	13	Past
A rocky cliff appeared , mounds of turned-up earth by the shore , houses on a hill , others , with iron roofs , amongst a waste of excavations , or hanging to the declivity .	3	Past
So I sent him to the trainers the first of September to be started on the barrels .	2	Past
How many of us can be employed in personal services , and how can such jobs be highly paid ( in absolute terms ) ?	4	Present
Many students went to Rutgers , including their top - ranked pharmacy program .	2	Past
Many of Balzac 's tormented characters were created in the small second - floor bedroom .	4	Past
It is now up to government agencies to facilitate its development .	1	Present
Richard L. Jones , Jr. Airport ( IATA : RVS ) ( often called the " Riverside Airport " ) is south of downtown and is a general aviation airport .	20	Present
I 'm not interested in Hitler .	1	Present
We have had many conversations with them and they have always been extremely patient with me as I tried on multiple hats in search of the right costumes for my magic act .	1	Present
It ’s easy to annoy people when you are cramped in such a small , tight space .	8	Present
I realize that it may sound strange , but we are desparate in our efforts and are willing to try anything to help our dear sick friend .	10	Present
Disney won another Honorary Academy Award , which consisted of one full - sized and seven miniature Oscar statuettes .	1	Past
Well I think a blown engine falls under the catagory of mechanics right ?	2	Present
I do feel guilty about you doing all this work .	1	Present
Are we expecting that the portion attributable to each project will be paid as the individual EPC contracts are signed ?	12	Past
I personally trust this Midas store with all my vehicles , I have been going there for years & would never go anywhere else !	2	Present
I do n't see Bush doing any of this .	1	Present
i cold n't find anywere else local to fix it so i took it there and they fixed it for $ 150 ...	12	Past
S. and I have an acquaintance who has hosted several of these children for many years ; to see these little ones breaks the heart .	22	Present
La Peau De Chagrin , among his earliest novels , is a pessimistic tale of confusion and destruction .	10	Present
" Our new lunar transportation system utilizes a unique architecture that will establish the equivalent of a two - way highway between the Earth and the Moon , " Kistler told SPACE.com .	6	Present
of course , his hopes had n't been high ; they 'd never given him a proper present , let alone a cake – but to ignore it completely .	5	Past
Wikinews reporters attended the opening and spoke to donors , exhibit organizers and patrons .	6	Past
His eyes were permanently fixed on the pavement , as though he were searching for something .	2	Past
It 's pink .	1	Present
I saw him , later on , for several days , sitting in a bit of shade looking very sick and trying to recover himself :	17	Present
I talked with Gary Wilson , and he confirmed that the revised values are correct .	1	Past
3 = Number of 11 September hijackers whose entry visas came through special US - Saudi " Visa Express " programme .	10	Past
This program remains successful because of the honesty and integrity of the participants .	2	Present
I have lived in the UTC La Jolla area for many years , and I never new this salon was here until a friend reffered me to see Holly here .	19	Past
Either these people do n't know anything about what they are renting , or worse - they are bait and switching .	10	Present
This is a delivery office only and does not take walk ins but they do have a blue box out front .	7	Present
I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has .	1	Present
Unfortunately , these hazardous chemicals will not float freely in mid-air like this graphic suggests .	14	Present
Also depends on the space you have , how much time you can handle the pet , how much money you can spend , etc .	6	Present
The Pentagon is bypassing official US intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in Iran in preparation for any possible attack , former and current intelligence officials say ...	2	Present
The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming , and makes me more grateful for the blessings I have .	14	Present
He had heard of Israel , but only just , and he was not especially interested .	12	Past
This cost is averaging $ 79,000 per month if we continue to run the compressor as we have in August and September .	3	Present
They were dying slowly – it was very clear .	6	Past
It affects people and it reaches them at different times and on different issues .	5	Present
One minister reportedly handed out 100 dollar ' gifts ' to journalists attending a press conference for Allawi , a practice that brings back bad memories to many Iraqis .	3	Past
A witness told police that the victim had attacked the suspect in April .	2	Past
The bravest of modern writers are the Mandelstams and the Sinyavskys .	5	Present
" The US does not dictate what happens at the IMF , but it does have a disproportionate influence .	14	Present
Wolfowitz lied to him and said that there was a 10 to 50 % chance that Iraq was behind them .	1	Past
For he was obliged now to concentrate on what he was doing , even if it was next to nothing .	3	Past
He is a young pup and will learn over time and consistency in his training .	1	Present
Harry could n't believe it – he was free .	7	Past
By the way , have you read the Declaration of Independence and US Constitution - or do you only know the first phrases ?	4	Present
There are no other requirements other than we ask that members greet each new member and each new alliance and also feel free to post in any of the forums .	8	Present
It 's light proof and makes sure you get no problems when opening the camera .	8	Present
Moving fields to the filter area	0	Present
The arms were said to belong to the LTTE and " other terrorist groups " .	3	Past
The Yerba Buena Garden was built at the beginning of the 1990s on the roof of the Moscone North Convention Center .	4	Past
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of May 1 .	1	Present
The answer is likely D : all of the above , due to this being a complex reality we live in .	19	Present
It is accompanied by the further reflection ( partly proud , mostly bitter ) that we Jews seem to have a genius for finding the heart of the crisis .	2	Past
Then , the next morning , when we , among many other irate guests , asked to speak to the owner , he refused to do so .	15	Past
Attached are the gas settlement and support for May .	0	Past
Huge amounts of money , which could have solved many social problems in this dysfunctional part of the world , are channeled into three concentric spheres supporting death and murder .	20	Present
what are you doing tonight .	1	Present
I go every other week for the shallac / gel manicure which is only $ 25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks !	19	Present
Al - Iraqiyah tv said that ICDC were controlling Ramadi .	8	Present
Wires sometimes get crossed . A person tries to call a number , and even though he dials correctly , he gets someone else .	21	Present
Transport safety has sadly been in the news recently :	2	Present
Yes bus service is available .	3	Present
HOWEVER ... that same web page also states that " The current pass mark is 67 .	7	Present
It remains to be seen whether they will extend the same courtesy to the arriving gray wolf .	1	Present
Old and new meet in Fort Lee , as the Good Shepherd Episcopalian Church is dwarfed by a residential highrise immediately behind it	3	Present
It should not be left in the hands of a man who spent his life like this .	12	Past
The following illustration shows how the PivotTable view will look after the captions of the custom group field and custom groups have been changed .	22	Past
Mweta said , with his slow shy smile that always seemed to grow like a light becoming more powerful , as his eyes held you , You mean little Venetia ?	10	Past
A plain black leotard and pink tights are usually a safe bet .	7	Present
The impacts of climate change on the region and the globe are projected to increase substantially in the years to come . "	12	Past
“ Agora was invitation - only but many of these marketplaces are easily accessible if you know how to search , ” Dr Lee adds .	2	Past
They wear extremely loud shirts , blue-green sprigged with red berries , but they strike me as good fellows and are neat and nimble about the table .	7	Past
Why are no - smoking areas not enforced ?	1	Present
In the preface to the first edition of Scènes De La Vie Privée , he writes :	15	Present
This fact means that the European Parliament , the Commissioner and the Commission must act decisively and strategically .	2	Present
In some sense , Don Quixote was just a stand-in for himself .	6	Past
I would also like to say something about the two amendments tabled by my group .	11	Past
The service here is incredible compared to the other places .	3	Present
As the survey cited in the above - linked article shows , most Google users do n't intend to use Gmail , and Google is n't even as popular as Yahoo! and AOL .	10	Present
Is it possible that you know the people involved ?	0	Present
i have a 3 - 4 month old kitten and i live in forida .	11	Present
I personally have had wonderful service and if you re truely looking for a FAMILY practice ... Warner Family is the place for you .	2	Present
I found it on the street .	1	Past
If the password you entered is not strong enough , you may want to try mixing uppercase and lowercase letters or making your password longer .	4	Past
Gives control over the limbs .	0	Present
" Barn cats " may not be socialized well with humans , although used to hunting mice for food .	7	Past
I just need to talk to an another american who has gone to the UK before so that I know what expect when arriving at the airport and with going through visa process and everything .	19	Present
If you get eggs in the mail in a medicine vial , that is fine .	2	Present
Although the city was not destroyed in the aftermath , the material losses were serious as the machinery , raw materials and finished goods were taken away by the fleeing Nazis .	13	Past
Just to let you know that it looks like one day will work .	7	Present
and jokes requiring specialized knowledge ( of , for example , science or old movies ) will only be appreciated by people who possess that knowledge .	19	Past
Shakespeare has also inspired many painters , including the Romantics and the Pre - Raphaelites .	3	Past
What do french men find sexy ?	1	Present
This is one example of what happens when Bush gets a question that he has n't anticipated .	6	Present
Application folder containing the application ( the folder where Msaccess.exe is located ) .	2	Present
Balzac transferred this to his descriptions of the Pension Vauquer in Le Père Goriot , making the wallpaper speak of the identities of those living inside .	24	Present
His actual date of birth remains unknown , but is traditionally observed on 23 April , Saint George 's Day .	9	Present
But big reductions have also been pencilled in for cod , sole , plaice , megrim and pollack in the Celtic and Irish Seas .	6	Past
He could bear no longer that expressionless and motionless stare , which seemed to have a sort of impenetrable emptiness like the black depth of an abyss .	12	Past
It 's nice to see that even in the economy we can eat a place that has upscale service , amazing atmosphere , and Incredible food , but not break the bank while enjoying it !	16	Present
The prestigious IAEA ( International Atomic Energy Agency ) published an early report on Chernobyl which was based on information from Russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects .	17	Past
" This government is so consumed with control of information and secrecy yet they do n't seem to be able to get the fundamentals right , " Dewar said .	3	Present
Not only did they answer the phone at 4:50 on a Thursday , they hit the ground moving !.	14	Past
We support the introduction of a European quality mark , which takes account of animal welfare and the environment .	11	Present
nevertheless , he was treated deferentially in San Francisco , and currency issued in his name was honored in the establishments he frequented .	22	Past
Gasping for breath she pulled a large clothes brush out of her bag and began sweeping off the soot Hagrid had n't managed to beat away .	0	Present
Interviewers : Kevin McGowan - confirmed	5	Past
( Karachi is in the south ) .	2	Present
My own cousin , Nota Gordon , two years out of the Soviet Union , says to me , " You are no match for them .	21	Present
Then there are the so - called true stories that get posted in a series of meaningful pictures with text running underneath .	11	Past
He said they are looking for people and based on what I told him an interview was a formality .	12	Past
The unions have been very combative and on several occasions have called for the repeal of the legislation that Fátima Báñez is proudest of .	3	Past
I was thinking Kenneally 's at around 5 .	2	Present
Their hell is a personal dissatisfaction with themselves if they are mediocre . "	2	Present
Everyone was so friendly and really went out of their way to make sure everything went well .	1	Past
( 29 ) It is in the interest of the functioning of the internal market to have standards which have been harmonised at Community level .	19	Present
Spring and late autumn are the best times to visit Athens .	4	Present
Tuesday is all about getting out the vote , but it means nothing if a registered voter is n't on the list .	11	Present
At the ceremony , NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announced the locations that would be given the three remaining Space Shuttle orbiters following the end of the Space Shuttle program .	14	Past
In June to August 2010 famine struck the Sahel .	6	Past
I have faxed to you the form of Bond , our proposed Bond provisions and the EEI Master .	2	Past
As Pakistan 's president had been telling the United States he was " forced " into taking a hawkish line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman , this was an embarrassment .	5	Past
A small number of actions geared on the protection against currency counterfeiting are carried out under other Community programmes , such as TAIEX and Twinning .	5	Past
According to some reports , Zawahiri is thought by intelligence to be somewhere near the border of Pakistan and Afghanistan .	7	Past
Many aspects of the transition have already been successfully debated and worked out , for example continuity in Kong 's civil service .	7	Past
Their so called mechanic said the engine was good and " There is nothing mechanicly wrong with this truck " .	12	Present
Is this a transitional period for the baby ... that he / she is left alone much more time ?	13	Present
It will give you a lot more power , as well as control over how your black and white photo looks :	20	Present
Here are some emails we have sent , along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June , just for your information .	19	Present
That 's a sign of arrogance , since it is very hard to be a truly good friend to someone who 's stuck on themselves .	9	Present
I enjoyed speaking with Dan , and learning more about how the springs are sized for these doors .	1	Past
It was she who had given her glass to him that night at the Independence party ;	5	Past
He crossed the room gently to look at the sick man , and returning , said to me , ' He does not hear . '	13	Present
Shakespeare 's first plays were written in the conventional style of the day .	5	Past
Auster led him to the living room , gave him a frayed upholstered chair to sit in , and then went off to the kitchen to fetch some beer .	1	Past
Bush did no such thing .	1	Past
Then , from the darkness , he began to hear a voice , a chanting , idiotic voice that sang the same sentence over and over again : You ca n't make an omelette without breaking eggs .	19	Past
Ash - Sharq al - Awsat reports that Fallujah was closed Tuesday in a general strike .	6	Present
" They can freely write anything they like about our prophet , but if one raises doubts about the Holocaust he is either fined or sent to prison , " he added .	21	Present
The Dursleys had n't even remembered that today happened to be Harry 's twelfth birthday .	8	Past
I add that in because there have been some people who have tried to claim citizenship by sending for their birth certificate when they were never really born in Canada or to Canadian parents .	7	Past
I like shrimp , fried , grilled , or steamed .	6	Past
The teachers are highly trained and are expert at handling all types of clients .	4	Past
I went to this urgent care center and was blown away with their service .	9	Past
Who are you then ?	1	Present
That 's what it was on Thursday . And yesterday ... Only a hundred and nine , that 's all ...	4	Past
The rain had stopped now , and although the sky was still gray , far to the west Quinn could see a tiny shift of light seeping through the clouds .	3	Past
Balzac was buried at the Cimetière du Père Lachaise in Paris .	2	Past
Eurostar runs from London St Pancras station .	1	Present
It was unconscious , this smile was , though just after he had said something it got intensified for an instant .	16	Past
That said , when we started out I did n't know the difference between the GNU Free Document License and my California Driver 's license .	1	Past
Alexandra is Rumanian .	1	Present
I have been growing my hair out for 1 year plus and went in to get 1 inch taken off .	12	Past
If you want a boy the cere ( the nostrils piece above the beak ) must be blue .	2	Present
If all the controls that you 've selected share the same property setting , that setting appears in the property sheet ; otherwise , that property box is blank .	16	Present
Neiafu and surrounding villages are home to about a third of the Group ’s overall population of around 20000 , with the majority of the population living in small villages on the other islands .	4	Present
It 's narrowed down to Butcher and Singer , Davio 's , and Del Frisco s .	2	Past
I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted ( a reball ) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price .	17	Past
Let anyone get your public updates .	0	Present
Everything else in the station was in a muddle , – heads , things , buildings .	5	Past
Islamic Jihad has refused to recognized the cease fire , and hopes to turn the Gaza strip " into a vast battlefield . "	11	Present
She makes you feel like you are the most important person in the world .	1	Present
They also got my friend s order mixed up and wanted to charger her $ 10 more than what she had wanted .	20	Past
( 1 ) Everyone charged with a penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his defence .	29	Present
He lay on his bed watching the sun sinking behind the bars on the window and wondered miserably what was going to happen to him .	16	Past
WHAT IS THAT ?????	1	Present
You can check that out as well , to confirm that this is all real , and for a worthy cause .	12	Present
He said it was the same tire , and verified this , after checking both the actual tire on my car and my service papers from earlier in the week .	1	Past
It had been a marriage of convenience to preserve her family 's fortune .	1	Past
He pulled it out and examined it , gingerly fanning the pages with his thumb .	1	Past
Whilst youth jobs are thin on the ground , do n't assume it 's better in Oz .	3	Present
The pictures are broadcast at a rate of about 60 Hz , which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving , flawless picture .	13	Present
Dr. Aster is very kind an gentle with the children , but also positive and to the point with the parents .	2	Present
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive .	6	Past
Peter is looking currently for a job .	1	Present
He was given to putting himself on strange mixtures .	1	Past
He is very professional in his position as a director and yet he still made time to be compassionate for what we were all going through .	24	Present
Mweta said , with his slow shy smile that always seemed to grow like a light becoming more powerful , as his eyes held you , You mean little Venetia ?	1	Past
Steal a horse straight out . Very well . He has done it . Perhaps he can ride .	11	Past
I visited the festival on Saturday night , the opening night , and there was a sea of people in the square .	1	Past
Yes , you still have a few bugs , but that 's going to be anywhere you go !	11	Present
Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .	15	Present
Specializing in short stories , she was one of the first important writers to appear in the Meiji period ( 1868 - 1912 ) and Japan 's first prominent woman writer of modern times .	6	Past
Shrugging , he gives up and I turn to the twice disagreeable chicken and eat guiltily , my appetite spoiled .	7	Present
The amendment to the Directive is consequently in full accordance with the principle of subsidiarity ;	5	Present
There 's supplies , and there 's wear and tear and maintenance , and bookkeeping and things like that that you have to do .	1	Present
Islamic Jihad has refused to recognized the cease fire , and hopes to turn the Gaza strip " into a vast battlefield . "	3	Past
I spent $ 2300 on the bedroom suite , which was complete and excellent condition on the showroom floor .	1	Past
Disatisfied customer , I went through Kitchen Aid and used one of their recommended vendors .	9	Past
She was shaking her head slowly while Odara was speaking .	8	Past
In two months Carroll had learned that her parents lived on a farm several miles outside of town ; that they sold strawberries in summer , and Christmas trees in the winter .	4	Past
( We check in early afternoon and we fly next day . )	8	Present
5 kg per gun , 200,000 guns means 1000 tonnes , impossible for 4 containers .	7	Present
Technically , blackberry was because it was the first with real email and games and stuff .	6	Past
He seems to have wished for the Senate and the state to simply act without him and his direct orders were rather vague , inspiring debate more on what he actually meant than on passing his legislation .	31	Past
Over time it has merged with the neighboring cities of Scottsdale , Tempe , Glendale , Peoria , Chandler , and Gilbert to form the Greater Phoenix Metropolitan Area .	4	Past
I think compared to my house , he 's embarrased about his apartment .	8	Present
Facebook accounts are for individual use .	2	Present
Ten years since they had been deported from the territory , ten years since she was a youngish woman of forty , and the girls were still schoolgirls .	15	Past
Moving fields to the row or column areas	0	Present
Nasser solved no problems .	1	Past
As to EPM like Shee said being in MI we 've had to deal with it .	11	Past
Whitmore told LA Weekly that on October 6 after traveling back from Florida , Montalvo " walked into lobby of the East L.A. station and turned himself in " , and told the police , " everything he did " .	25	Past
President Bush has always said that working for Blount was the reason he transferred to the Alabama Air National Guard .	2	Present
The Cunha report on multiannual guidance programmes comes before Parliament on Thursday and contains a proposal in paragraph 6 that a form of quota penalties should be introduced for countries which fail to meet their fleet reduction targets annually .	31	Present
The FBI 's profile includes a US - based supporter of the militant islamists .	4	Present
George handed the hairpin to Ron and a moment later , Hedwig had soared joyfully out of the window to glide alongside them like a ghost .	13	Past
Finishing the largest item on your list of things to do will make you feel extra productive and give you the boost to do other things you ’ve been pushing to the side .	28	Past
Or think of a decent young citizen in a toga – perhaps too much dice , you know – coming out here in the train of some prefect , or tax-gatherer , or trader even , to mend his fortunes .	17	Present
How many of us can be employed in personal services , and how can such jobs be highly paid ( in absolute terms ) ?	6	Past
His appearance was certainly that of a hairdresser 's dummy ; but in the great demoralization of the land he kept up his appearance .	20	Past
If the chicken was n't hypnotized , try this alternative .	7	Present
Another answer is that Edwards certainly knows far more about foreign affairs now than Bush did then .	6	Present
Claudio De Vincenti , undersecretary to the prime minister , said " a discussion table will be opened with the non-profit associations , religious association included " ( ( it ) ) .	17	Past
Kermit Roosevelt of the CIA " met a number of officers who were involved in the conspiracy which led to the coup-d'etat of 22 July , 1952 . "	13	Past
Although the performance records are patchy , the King 's Men performed seven of Shakespeare 's plays at court between 1 November 1604 and 31 October 1605 , including two performances of The Merchant of Venice .	11	Past
Meanwhile , the estranged wife of a government whip has launched her campaign to take the seat .	10	Past
The US energy secretary has announced that oil will be released from government petroleum reserves .	5	Past
Do you think there are any koreans in Miramar ?	0	Present
You 've already asked this .	3	Past
I am half way through the first and you can borrow it when I am through .	14	Present
he is feisty , as most king snakes are , but he is a very nice little guy - he never tries to bite or anything .	1	Present
Watching a coast as it slips by the ship is like thinking about an enigma .	11	Present
The judge in Duffy 's fraud and breach of trust trial ultimately ruled they were within the Senate 's rules when he cleared Duffy of all charges .	14	Past
" But the bottom line is that the ideas protected by IP rights are the dynamo of growth for developed and developing countries alike .	21	Present
Flower arrangements were placed everywhere , as if there were illness in the house .	2	Past
For the Pro-Beijing camp , Elizabeth Quat of DAB was elected with 58,825 votes , the highest in the constituency .	9	Past
Further to your call attached is a presentation I gave at the Canadian Risk Managers Conference in Edmonton in the fall of 2000 .	9	Past
In any case , I congratulate Mrs Thors on her French ; I certainly can not speak in Swedish or Finnish .	5	Present
Once they fixed it they answetred all of my questions with no hesitations and then gave me the best quote ever .	15	Past
But that will not be sufficient to sustain the national unity that Ukraine will need in the coming years .	2	Present
Husbands marry mothers and teen daughters at the same time .	1	Present
Lynda is professional and has great compassion for animals .	1	Present
The former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein is refusing to enter the Baghdad courtroom , in protest at how his trial is being conducted .	20	Present
Al - Lihaibi was running in elections and is now said to have withdrawn following this incident .	13	Past
They want to use LTS to tie into NASA 's vision for Space Exploration , and seem pleased that the White House is moving in that direction .	16	Present
You will notice that Questar has requested a " Payment Plan " that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events .	13	Present
the weather is going to be fine , hector was just blowing smoke .	11	Present
With a smirk on her face she told me NO MONEY IS BEING RETURNED and THAT IS THE WAY IT WAS .	11	Present
The authors say the results confirm the existence of inadequate iodine intake in the Australian population .	2	Present
I have tryed to give him water but he wo nt take it .. what should i do ?	1	Present
Then she sighed in a way that seemed to suggest she was regretting her decision to take him home .	7	Past
I compared the things I saw under the 'scopes to what had been published on other species in this group .	13	Past
Adolf Hitler even held an exhibition of ' degenerate art ' in 1937 , while curating a parallel show of ' Aryan ' art across the street .	3	Past
This draft reflects the changes we discussed during our call the other day .	6	Past
I had sonic in many other palces but for some reason this sonic is always just covered in grease and not good ... :(	13	Present
Some may still think that even in the final stages of the 9/11 plot , Zacarias Moussaoui was going to fly a 5th plane into the Capitol or White House .	18	Present
There 's obviously a reason for that ( lack of employment , low incomes , etc . )	1	Present
You won't see this section if you 've already added a security question to your account .	7	Present
Then there is the famous project No-8 of the 14 very important projects endorsed by the Essen summit .	13	Past
Japan protested , to no avail , that the project should be a joint one .	1	Past
My overall impression was that he did n't seem as interested in the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters .	19	Past
There was a violent scuffling noise , the peony bush shuddered and Ron straightened up .	13	Past
How are chants of death and suicide ... morality .	1	Present
You ca n't have met many decent wizards , said Harry , trying to cheer him up .	12	Present
But the depth and persistence of the ongoing crisis have exposed the euro 's fundamental fragilities , and should serve as a warning that today 's technocratic Band - Aids may not hold in the face of another shock .	18	Past
Those who were tripped were then crushed by the wave of people behind them .	2	Past
The current arrests are " a continuation of the shenanigans against us , " said Dündar .	14	Past
They sell feed and milk bottles at the front and I recommend you buy lots .	1	Present
After I had chosen The Fountain Dental Practice they provided a slick and professional service from start to finish .	2	Past
Within a week we noticed one of the boards on our gate splitting where a nail had gone in .	16	Past
I just want to extend a big " Welcome ! " to Darin Darin Fisher who joined me at Google this week .	16	Past
The 1.25 million people who have been housed in stadiums and convention centers across Texas will begin to populate Houston , Dallas , San Antonio and Galveston , and the surrounding areas .	7	Past
Do you know if Bobby can see visitors ??	0	Present
My mother 's more particular --	2	Present
In the past , he has talked in apocalyptic terms about a violent end to the world , according to former members .	5	Present
As recently as last week the official line stated they had no knowledge he had entered the country .	14	Past
For example , in my made up language , ' Vogelaviatiolap ' means Bird .	5	Past
Seeking common ground with my wife ( a laudable desire ) , he tells her that he too is Rumanian by origin .	18	Present
From this , we conclude that an intervention based on cognitive digital games offers contributions to the learning process and improvement of sustained attention .	4	Present
If America remains stuck in its under - saving ways but finds itself without Chinese goods and capital , it will suffer higher inflation , rising interest rates , and a weaker dollar .	2	Present
The rider needs to have independent hands as well , because you do NOT want to pull too hard on a bit like that . ;)	12	Present
The rules are even more strict for foreign visitors , so even if you see a local in shorts it 's not OK for everyone .	20	Present
The Disibodenberg cloister was disbanded and fell into ruin as a result of the Reformation .	4	Past
This place is awesome , with a great ambiance and cool décor , and the food is scrumptious ( and especially their signature banana split ) .	2	Present
Frequent travelers and executives are among the masses that get a lot of discount in the airfare .	9	Present
I read you were coming back , there was an article in the paper , my wife Margot sent it to me in Switzerland , so I thought it was you .	3	Past
Broad , I say , is 14th street and I am 3 blocks west of broad and one south of walnut .	10	Present
Marin County was predominantly caucasian and many of the expanding outer east bay areas started out as white suburbs .	2	Past
psychologists have examined the mental processes that underpin conscious and unconscious biases [ 6 ] ;	1	Present
Obviously because i want to vote .	3	Present
Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract , or several ?	0	Present
The loss of this opportunity caused serious discord in the Balzac household , although Honoré was not turned away entirely .	15	Past
Would it be possible to persuade others to agree with what he said , even though they did not believe him ?	17	Past
We hope that those considering rejection of these amendments have very powerful reasons to offer to both Parliament and their citizens who are seeking employment .	4	Present
The night I drove back home , I found that the rear window has some leakage .	3	Present
He read many books , he looked at paintings , he went to the movies .	6	Past
i 'm a red sox fan so i was glad that the phillies won .	13	Past
Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else .	9	Present
90 - Percentage of detectors which give early warning of a biological weapons attack found to be defective .	6	Present
which burger chain do you think is as good as in n out or better in the chicago area besides five guys and smashburger ?	6	Present
This place had the worst tasting pizza I have ever tasted it was possible the worst food I 've ever eaten .	2	Past
Similarly , the rest of the world will benefit when Europeans are able to get their policies right and boost their economies .	11	Present
I lived here for two years when the prices were a little lower :) The places are very nice and clean , and in great condition !	16	Present
We looked at the venerable stream not in the vivid flush of a short day that comes and departs for ever , but in the august light of abiding memories .	1	Past
Harry waited for a minute in case he came back , then , quietly as he could , slipped out of the cabinet , past the glass cases , and out of the shop door .	1	Past
Under the leadership of Governor Bush and others we have made real progress in Education in Texas over the past decade .?	9	Present
When they see that you ar nt harming them , the will go up on your finger when you say up .	2	Present
I expected to pay for this service , but imagine my surprise when I received a bill for MORE than what I paid to have the original return prepared .	14	Past
I feel like they did n't tell me the pitfalls before I pulled out this tile and now that I have no other options they want 5 TIMES the price ?	4	Past
Europe 's Deepening Muddle .	2	Present
Alright , so my dad had been wanting me to check my e mail for a few days but I never got around to it .	21	Past
This is all in accordance with the principles that we have always upheld .	12	Past
If all the controls that you 've selected share the same property setting , that setting appears in the property sheet ; otherwise , that property box is blank .	8	Present
and the verse in The Two Gentlemen of Verona has been described as stilted .	9	Present
For example , I would like to know if Rothko or Kline did any work on paper .	12	Past
We will be distributing the shares reflected on your 9/30/01 statement ( 6,606 shares plus cash for fractional shares ) .	3	Present
It aims at the heart of the matter , as Agenda 2000 negotiations have reached a critical stage .	13	Present
A part of him had died , he told his friends , and he did not want it coming back to haunt him .	4	Past
However , like much of the Southwest with a large Hispanic population , Spanish is very widely spoken in Phoenix .	17	Past
It appeared , however , I was also one of the Workers , with a capital – you know . Something like an emissary of light , something like a lower sort of apostle .	18	Present
He looked at his hands , saw that they were dirty , and got up to wash them .	9	Past
An old black Labrador with corns on his elbows stood slowly swinging his tail before Dando as he talked .	11	Present
They must also get something to keep take - out warm , so it 's not room temperature at best when you get it home .	22	Present
THE MANAGER CAME OVER AND SAID HE WAS SORRY AND GAVE A NEW BATCH OF WINGS , HE SAID WE CA NT REALLY DO ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS ARE ALWAYS OPENING AND CLOSING .	28	Present
Rebecca 's been to the Sputnik and she says it 's terrific now .	10	Present
I 'm doing fine .	2	Present
( Even though he has bigger things to do in D.C. , this is his legacy and he recognizes that if deregulation does not work in Texas , the repercussions could be global . )	22	Present
We have received intelligence that a Hover Charm was used at your place of residence this evening at twelve minutes past nine .	2	Past
There are parallel shortcomings in many other markets .	1	Present
When their daughter Cecily married Richard Plantagenet , the 3rd Duke of York , and had several offspring , including Edward IV and Richard III , Joan became the grandmother of two York kings of England .	4	Past
Walls keeping water out of the bowl - shaped city have been breached , and emergency teams are using helicopters to drop 1,350 kg ( 3,000 lb ) sandbags and concrete barriers into the gaps .	11	Past
I found nothing else to do but to offer him one of my good Swede 's ship 's biscuits I had in my pocket .	1	Past
But they were talking of Mweta ;	3	Present
The tent was filled with chairs and divans borrowed from people 's houses , and flowers from their gardens .	2	Past
Princeton islamist scholar Bernard Lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad , extremists like Zawahiri agree that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used .	17	Past
Waterproof clothing and footwear are essential plus an umbrella ..	4	Present
I have eaten here several times and every time the service is slower than slow .	11	Present
i mean a 2 day stay was a ok stay even tho the manager looked like he was chineze and that we only slept and went out from 8 to 7 to see New York .	17	Past
Two women , one fat and the other slim , sat on straw-bottomed chairs , knitting black wool .	10	Past
Civet cats are trapped and placed in small cages inside darkened sheds , where the temperature is kept up to 110 F by fires .	5	Past
He seemed to understand how important it was for us to make sure the whole house was sprayed so he took his time .	1	Past
I stopped in today @ Yards Brewery .	1	Past
But before you fight and win , by force or otherwise , you have to realize that you are in a war , and this may take Europe a few more years .	3	Present
Freshly cooked quinoa should be served immediately to retain nutritional value and a good flavor .	5	Past
His health deteriorated on the way , and Ewelina wrote to her daughter about Balzac being " in a state of extreme weakness " and " sweating profusely " .	9	Past
The heat was heightened by drink and animation and the glass filled by the long , narrow black hand of his neighbour was marked by the fingerprints of the white woman who had relinquished it .	11	Past
The Army is unlikely to forgive or forget ; but who provoked it and why ?	2	Present
The elf hung his head .	2	Past
THE MANAGER CAME OVER AND SAID HE WAS SORRY AND GAVE A NEW BATCH OF WINGS , HE SAID WE CA NT REALLY DO ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS ARE ALWAYS OPENING AND CLOSING .	32	Present
A work that constitutes a Collective Work will not be considered a Derivative Work ( as defined below ) for the purposes of this License .	16	Past
The Twitter attention led to outreach from Google and Mohamed was invited to their Google Science Fair .	3	Past
( And , by the way , is anybody else just a little nostalgic for the days when that was a good thing ? )	19	Past
My group , the Liberal group , is presently focusing its attention on non-European Union nationals .	9	Present
Clinton had worked out a deal with Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in summer of 1999 that would have allowed the US to send a Special Ops team in after Bin Laden in Qandahar , based from Pakistan .	2	Past
Among others , National Central Offices for the fight against counterfeiting were created in several countries ;	12	Past
a double-chinned , handsome dark blonde , the short high nose coming from the magnificent forehead , water-coloured eyes underlined with cuts of fatigue deep into each cheek .	19	Past
Your fellow employees asked for everyone from Britney Spears to George Bush .	3	Past
the kernel of the house was warm with oil-fired heating and the light from red shades ,	5	Past
Just do n't take it for granted - you still need to be cautious this year .	6	Past
He opened his eyes .	1	Past
i do n't know why he wo n't eat though !	1	Present
With a roar , the fire turned emerald green and rose higher than Fred , who stepped right into it , shouted , Diagon Alley ! and vanished .	6	Past
The amazing thing is that all of these crooks demand protection under international law , and define all those who attack them as " war criminals , " with some Western media repeating the allegations .	20	Present
Creative Commons may be contacted at http :	4	Past
Ask her about the handsome young man from Texas , and she remembers him 32 years later like it was yesterday .	12	Present
Because I want someone who 's going to treat people nicely and well .	2	Present
But that was the work of memory , and remembered things , he knew , had a tendency to subvert the things remembered .	13	Past
He picked one up and saw that the pages had the narrow lines he preferred .	5	Past
Mr. Sahaf eventually became a popular icon as a court jester , but this did not stop some allegedly respectable newspapers from giving him equal time .	14	Past
Keep in mind though that if you end up failing I will not let you forget it ( and , as we have established , I have the memory of an elephant ) .	23	Past
What is all important is to be French , or to have been French for a good long time .	1	Present
And all sorts of other oxalates are also sequestering carbon dioxide through the minerals that are being formed and taken out of the rock matrix .	19	Past
I have also looked at the photo galleries for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants and I have narrowed it down to three establishments .	1	Present
When I ask my mom she says she will never let a snake in her house .	6	Present
They began to withhold power from California , and on Dec. 7 the ISO declared its first Stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts , which were narrowly averted .	14	Past
Cream splattered the windows and walls as the dish shattered .	9	Past
This commitment is important because the Commission is a body with a monopoly of initiative in accordance with the Treaties and , therefore , basically dictates this Parliament 's political and legislative activity for the next five years .	2	Present
I wanted to follow up with you regarding the creation and approval of ISDA Confirmations for the following equity trades that I understand Laurel had discussed with you previously .	1	Past
I 'm looking for suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area and the where to's .	8	Present
It's durability & look was perfect and I will definitely be adding to my collection soon !	4	Past
Notice that each tag set has both start and end tags and is case sensitive , and that the tag sets are properly nested within each other .	12	Present
After all , the volume of production could not possibly expand enough to reemploy everyone who lost their job as a handloom weaver as a machine - minder or a carpet - seller , could it ?	16	Past
I always ask leave , in the interests of science , to measure the crania of those going out there , he said .	22	Past
Afterwards nobody seemed to trouble much about Fresleven 's remains , till I got out and stepped into his shoes .	16	Past
The Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles ( not a drop of magical blood in their veins ) and as far as they were concerned , having a wizard in the family was a matter of deepest shame .	5	Past
only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine .	8	Past
Mrs Weasley and Ginny were going to a second-hand robe shop . Mr Weasley was insisting on taking the Grangers off to the Leaky Cauldron for a drink .	4	Past
" Just as his father had worked his way up from poverty into respectable society , Balzac considered toil and effort his real mark of nobility .	17	Past
My take is that the UDCs will be indifferent to this ( maybe ? ) and our # 1 priority is to work to get the PG&E model adopted across the state .	20	Present
He cross examined witnesses relentlessly and had them break down and tell the truth .	2	Past
" More concerning , " continued the MILNET brief , " is the priority placed on expanding and modernizing its Navy .	5	Past
Place the cotton balls in areas where mice are likely to enter your house , by doorways , or heat vents , etc .	8	Present
Atwood , a Booker Prize-winner , was there to launch her graphic novel Angel Catbird , with illustrator Johnnie Christmas .	6	Past
I would like , first of all , to thank the rapporteur for his exceptionally accurate and technical work on the report and , secondly , the Commission for the proposal it has submitted .	32	Present
He recovered and was released from the hospital on April 11 , becoming the first serving U.S. president to survive being shot in an assassination attempt .	3	Past
following up on our discussion yesterday ; for these types of deals , i do nt think it s necessary to have all the documentation of our counterparty 's authorization to enter into the agreement .	18	Present
The fact is , when I began traveling for business to New England , when I first visited my in - laws in Montana and Idaho , I was shocked at the lack of racial diversity .	6	Past
The apostrophe has a special purpose in an XML document and can be misinterpreted if used directly in the text .	2	Present
THANK YOU !!	0	Present
In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .	17	Past
68 - Number of days after taking office that Bush decided Not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol , the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5.2 per cent below 1990 levels by 2012 .	10	Past
If they do not , if businesspeople feel marginalised , if entrepreneurs cannot take part , not only in managing but also in receiving these funds , we will have missed an opportunity to attain our objectives more rapidly .	2	Present
It is the only cycle to be preserved in purpose-built surroundings in the UK , and one of very few of its kind in the world .	7	Past
When they are cruel , their friends will usually ignore it or not do anything to stop it since they 're afraid that they 'll be treated badly by their ' friend . '	26	Past
She turned and walked back into the house and Harry , after a nervous glance at Ron , who nodded encouragingly , followed her .	3	Past
The credit guys are currently assuming that there is no correlation and may consequently be double dipping the credit reserve on this basis too .	16	Present
" Had it happened five hours earlier or four hours earlier , I think the death toll would have been more than a thousand . "	19	Past
Russia also announced that it was seeking and building the best nukes the world ’s ever seen .	6	Present
If you have any questions , please request clarification prior to rating the answer .	2	Present
Finally , now that I am discussing resources , new technologies and speaking time , my own speaking time has elapsed .	5	Present
Some of Shakespeare 's plays were published in quarto editions from 1594 .	6	Past
I just called again and was told that workmanship , not wood , is guaranteed for a year - well in my opinion - the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship !	32	Present
NZers : Have you decided who you 're going to vote for ?	7	Present
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive .	11	Past
Right now , while we 're sitting at our computers enjoying the internet , those innocent , beautiful , loving cats , are dying , somewhere in this troubled world a slow , agonizing death .	22	Present
Now that Sibley is not a candidate for Lt. Governor , there is more freedom to open up and ask some difficult questions .	12	Present
His head then filled with Peter Stillman 's voice , as a barrage of nonsense words clattered against the walls of his skull .	3	Past
Across the landscapes of Earth were dotted these giant mushrooms .	5	Past
Work it into your speech -- something along the line of , " And Jen , you come from great people and have fantastic friends .	22	Present
President George W Bush , who has cut his holiday two days short , has called on Americans to donate to the Red Cross or other organisations .	6	Present
How are you ?	1	Present
To this day , about 10 or 12 of these World War II Japanese shipwrecks comprise what is considered one of the best dive sites in the world .	15	Present
It s natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank would be very overcrowded .	16	Past
We do not know what is happening .	3	Present
Armed clashes broke out in several northern Iraqi cities on Wednesday , leaving some 22 persons dead in Mosul , Baiji , and Tuz .	2	Past
clearly he s mad that people know he took her pic off the net and it 's NOT his gf	2	Present
This is like trying to Make 2 people get married .	8	Present
the food was horrible not cooked like it should be , they got the order wrong on a number of occasions , and once forgot about my order .	24	Past
I my self am one but appreciate that the organization is unlikely to make into the 22nd century .	10	Present
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted via e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .	21	Past
The drink was mildly popular for the last few months , but of course has become a great deal more popular since getting all this publicity .	2	Past
It has never properly declared its holdings of chemical weapons , and the status of its biological weapons programs is unknown . "	4	Past
I trust that they will give us better love than they are getting from us , for ours is a very low-quality upward-seeping vegetable-sap sort of love , as short-lived as it is spontaneous .	1	Present
It 's become a guardian of morality -- not church morality ; real morality .	1	Present
Subforms and subreports on a form or report are not converted when you carry out the Save As command .	10	Past
Professor Eastman says iodine is added to only 10 per cent of Australian salt in contravention of a World Health Organisation recommendation that all salt be iodised .	26	Past
Please let me know if any of you need additional information .	8	Present
In his final period , Shakespeare turned to romance or tragicomedy and completed three more major plays :	12	Past
It was his job to make the food , which consisted mainly of gristle-studded hamburger patties , bland sandwiches with pale tomatoes and wilted lettuce , milkshakes , egg creams , and buns .	10	Past
n3td3v saw this story on BBC News Online and thought you should see it .	9	Past
Memon also said she believed the social movement in reaction to Mohamed helped improve Muslim / non-Muslim .	12	Past
He was about to tell her who he was , but then he realized that it made no difference .	1	Past
It 's a bloody church , for chrisssake !	1	Present
I 've had to pester this new guy several times to ask when my table will arrive .	1	Present
Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality : PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	20	Past
Ok I am a New Yorker who has been going to school in Oxford , England .	7	Present
But do they know what they have heard ?	7	Past
Hope all is well .	0	Present
They are invoicing for this and I do n't have an invoice for it .	7	Present
FITNESS UNLIMITED is a second home to a lot of us gym members who work out daily .	14	Present
i have a Mature male and female they are together a lot but never laid eggs as far as i know can anyone help me figure out how to make them mate	1	Present
Can you send me the data you used : I shall take a look at it .	7	Past
many PCs have sleep & charge now , that allow the PC to go into sleep mode , and still allow the USB ports to charge things like phones .	9	Present
The above applies to the Derivative Work as incorporated in a Collective Work , but this does not require the Collective Work apart from the Derivative Work itself to be made subject to the terms of this License .	8	Past
How do you feel about having a lot of your work overshadowed by the Mets work ?	1	Present
He realized that it was large , perhaps five or six rooms , and that it was richly furnished , with numerous art objects , silver ashtrays , and elaborately framed paintings on the walls .	4	Past
I know it seems like a stretch , but the market for hourly traders is very strong right now .	1	Present
I was beside the bear 's head and I stabbed it with an upper cut below the jaw in the neck a couple of times . "	9	Past
We have no way to estimate how many times we 've served it overall , but we 're now pouring around ten a night .	10	Present
She was Rebecca , Rebecca Edwards , like a big , untidy schoolgirl in her cotton shirt and sandals , the car key on her forefinger jingling harassedly .	1	Past
I did n't get to read the answers lol :(	1	Past
When the elevator is going from the bottom floor to the top , as soon as the doors close , exclaim that you lost your tarantula / snake / scorpion but confirm that it is somewhere in the elevator .	23	Past
These have been sighted among Iraqi crowds on Haifa Street in Baghdad and in Samarra .	1	Present
He has been compared to Charles Dickens and has been called one of Dickens ' influences .	2	Past
I have since purchased two cars from this dealership , The first one was from Phillip and the second was from Richard .	19	Past
The text of that Treaty , drawn up in the Bulgarian and Romanian languages , shall be annexed to this Protocol .	15	Present
It 's legal .	1	Present
Shakespeare continued to act in his own and other plays after his success as a playwright .	1	Past
Musharraf calls the bluff	1	Present
69 - Percentage of Americans who believed the White House 's claims in September 2003 that Saddam Hussein was personally involved in the 11 September attacks .	6	Past
All their meager breasts panted together , the violently dilated nostrils quivered , the eyes stared stonily uphill .	11	Past
But if the babies were born in American so they would named in other way but still remain " First name " in order to recall about their origination .	5	Past
It is no exaggeration to say that HBO ’s Game of Thrones is more than just a television series or a successful brand :	12	Present
We were also served salad and soda .	1	Past
Is this how your clients usually evaluate these properties ?	0	Present
We called few companies before we decide to hire them .	1	Past
I 've been to quite a few tattoo shops around this area and Stainless Steel is by far the best .	1	Present
The Weasleys roared with laughter and Harry settled back in his seat , grinning from ear to ear .	7	Past
After my trees were cleaned up , they gave me a jar of salsa .	3	Past
Thank you .	0	Present
York is full of magic and a wonderful place to bring children !	1	Present
Inspection of certain of the above inventory balances , by third party inspectors , where there is an expectation that circularisation replies will not be received on a timely basis	16	Present
Having DNA-suitable material will let us see whether there are new genes , or genes turned on in different ways and at different times that help explain how these animals burrow into hard ice and then survive in the cold .	30	Present
I apologize , I 'm on the road and have n't heard when that will be .	4	Present
All I can say is that Elmira you are the best I ve experienced , never before has the seamstress done a perfect job until i met you .	17	Present
The credit guys are currently assuming that there is no correlation and may consequently be double dipping the credit reserve on this basis too .	3	Present
My group , the Liberal group , is presently focusing its attention on non-European Union nationals .	7	Present
because all of the food blogs I ve read say so and I will travel from maryland if that s true	19	Present
" Pregnant women in Australia are getting about half as much as what they require on a daily basis .	5	Present
This was after I brought the car !!!! !	1	Past
The IMF rarely makes front - page headlines in the United States or other big countries , except when there is a racy personal dimension .	3	Present
This cute little stunt is only going to prove just how fanatic the extremist Muslims are .	15	Present
67 is the minimum score , anything below that is filed in the " circular file basket " .	1	Present
They want to use LTS to tie into NASA 's vision for Space Exploration , and seem pleased that the White House is moving in that direction .	1	Present
Our fence was installed quickly in August and they had their money and left saying " Workmanship is guaranteed for a year ! " .	3	Past
But because we do n't want to sound hateful we must pretend everyone 's a possible suspect and make airline travel more miserable than it 's ever been .	13	Present
I normally do n't write reviews but seeing that I considered Dillards a distinguished , upscale place to shop , this one wo n't be getting my business , nor my family 's , nor my co-workers .	25	Present
I bet you also did take charcoal as it is used for barbecue which does not get as hot as real coal ( e.g. for blacksmithing one needs coal , not barbecue charcoal ) .	1	Present
With a roar , the fire turned emerald green and rose higher than Fred , who stepped right into it , shouted , Diagon Alley ! and vanished .	21	Past
Now truck fenders are rusting there , the twentieth century adding its crumbling metal to the great Jerusalem dust mixture .	10	Present
The only way to fight this new " popular " weapon is identical to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas : the offensive way .	20	Present
When I was a young man in Air Force ROTC I was chosen to attend a unique Pilot Training Program called Euro- NATO Joint Jet Pilot Training .	20	Past
Marx did not see how the replacement of textile workers by automatic looms could possibly do anything other than lower workers ' wages .	19	Present
I believe that offering this right to fork has been a key element of our success thus far .	1	Present
That said , the maintenance of this forum is handled by Google and thus will remain reliable and it will ultimately give us more time to play :) .	1	Past
Yet another amendment is aimed at simplification , taking references to the tank to include its accessories as a matter of course .	3	Present
I do n't know if this has been verified .	1	Present
The Dutch students have yet to decide if they will be commercializing their electric motorcycle .	3	Present
Hedwig had woken up with a particularly loud screech and was beating her wings wildly against the bars of her cage .	1	Past
And it 's not all about how much you earn , cost of living is much higher in many cities in Australia .	9	Present
The same week , the WTC head testified that while they had not received any briefing on the use of planes , they had taken steps to prepare for an attack using anthrax based on intelligence that had been received .	11	Past
We transport politicians always try to be precise , without letting things get out of hand .	4	Present
Such safeguard measures shall not be invoked as a means of arbitrary discrimination or a disguised restriction on trade between Member States .	15	Past
Most important , despite the Russian army massed against us , we are embarking on an election campaign .	12	Present
The foundation did not participate in the recent uprising , but it did serve as a defender of those targeted by official repression .	12	Past
Round the front door lay a jumble of wellington boots and a very rusty cauldron .	4	Past
More like a cohesive society with a shared sense of purpose , who can identify Us and Them ?	7	Past
Leaving aside potential geopolitical disruptions , there are some formidable challenges to overcome , mostly stemming from political underperformance and dysfunction .	7	Present
It 's clear : Men could have more responsibility in matters of contraception .	1	Present
Funny how some things are squirelled away by well - meaning prosecutors ...	5	Past
The Viguier and La Conte districts contain the majority of the city 's social housing , where the population is mainly made up of immigrants or those of immigrant origin .	19	Present
The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges , I finally gave up , he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful .	13	Past
His father , seeking to instill the same hardscrabble work ethic which had gained him the esteem of society , intentionally gave little spending money to the boy .	12	Past
Upon which safeguards are we insisting ?	3	Present
GOODWYN : Archibald says the frequency with which Mr. Bush discussed the subject was off - putting to him .	3	Present
Is there any cure for mouse poison ?	0	Present
I am 61 now so I really started when I was about 10 years old even though I had seen and worked with some basic tricks a few years earlier .	18	Past
Quinn had often imagined this situation : the sudden , unexpected pleasure of encountering one of his readers .	1	Past
The indexing of minimum rates introduced by Mr Cox is a good way of making the regulation simple and reliable .	14	Present
Following enlargement , this type of activity is likely to develop further , which is also in line with the recommendation of the Pericles evaluator .	7	Present
Coconut oil also produces good results .	3	Present
Imperial Hubris makes the case that lots of people in the CIA and counter-terrorism divisions elsewhere in the US government knew all about Bin Laden and the threat he posed .	20	Past
Delivery is lightning fast .	1	Present
When I tried to return it they refused , so I had to leave without a refund and still hungry .	11	Past
He walked a hundred yards or so up the road , and , meeting a man on a bicycle , greeted him in the language that had come back to him as he lay in the room .	27	Past
Everybody needs a little help now and then , even eSpeak .	1	Present
A copy of the Constitution , with links back to the official source , is located at http://loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt	15	Past
This was confirmed by Virginia Stillman , whom Quinn called each night after returning home .	2	Past
Gloria was finally taken to the emergency department shortly before her death .	3	Past
Quinn tried to imagine what the operators looked like .	7	Past
I wonder if I could talk to you . It 's quite important .	10	Present
The name started as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search - engine would be able to search .	2	Past
When a chart contains multiple series or category fields , the fields that are closest to the data are referred to as inner fields .	3	Present
Artists reach people at their heart ; it ’s the only time we meet in one place and put our differences aside .	1	Present
The single most costly thing we spend on is rent and advertising , those two together make up the bulk of what we spend .	6	Present
Given that financial institutions had been attracting the best and brightest from around the world , one would have expected nothing less .	0	Past
Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to -- and trust me we have been to a lot of them .	3	Past
Let me begin by saying that I do not intend to talk about my own report .	7	Present
* 4 . The fourth element of the current world conflict is the total breaking of all laws . *	11	Present
News of the company ’s deceit - which had run for years - wiped tens of billions of euros from VW 's value and cost chief executive Martin Winterkorn his job .	8	Past
maybe it 's beacuse you love to work with animals and you just ca n't be ha[[y if you were n't soing that job	21	Present
Some board members pushed to have Winter removed , but there were concerns such action would lead to more chaos , the governor 's spokesman Maviglio said .	7	Past
I am waiting longer at BNA for my pickups and last time I parked with them , they lost my car key .	13	Past
I felt I was becoming scientifically interesting .	4	Present
Everything we ordered was prepared to perfection , and was presented perfectly .	4	Past
And on the Jaffa Road , because of another bomb , six adolescents two on a break from night school stopping at a coffee shop to eat buns , have just died .	20	Present
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines ( physical and financial ) for the London traders .	6	Past
Appear as the parents of items you explicitly selected to create the groups .	8	Past
You see , the terrorists are protesting against modernity .	5	Present
Have I just fallen victim in a cultural trap ?	0	Present
My first three children were born in Southern Ontario cities .	5	Past
My neighbourhood has been surrounded by American troops for three days now , helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop .	15	Past
Socotra Island is very rich and is home to many rare spectacular species of reefs , fish , birds , plants , and trees which are not found anywhere else in the world .	25	Present
I imagine by the time she 's prepared to trust the baby to Venetia the celebrations 'll be over .	7	Past
The flood had made , the wind was nearly calm , and being bound down the river , the only thing for it was to come to and wait for the turn of the tide .	7	Past
Turns out the engine had no oil , and when oil was put it , it would just run out of the filter .	4	Past
The only reason I switched away from them in the first place is because my good friend who apprenticed with them was starting out on his own .	12	Present
The neighbours are still interfering , but there are signs that rather than undermining Afghanistan ’s stability they may now be trying to strengthen it .	21	Present
because all of the food blogs I ve read say so and I will travel from maryland if that s true	7	Present
There 's plenty of parking , and I 've never had an issue with audience members who wo n't stop talking or answering their cellphones .	10	Past
The daytime temperature varies ; in January , it is about 24 ° C ( 75 ° F ) and in June , about 35 ° C ( 95 ° F ) .	3	Present
My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly completed .	36	Present
Quinn had never seen anyone move in such a manner , and he realized at once that this was the same person he had spoken to on the phone .	1	Past
" The Americans would be wise to plan accordingly , " said John E. Pike , director of the Alexandria , Va. - based GlobalSecurity.org , a small national security think tank .	23	Past
When China 's currency ceases to be undervalued , American shoppers in Wal - Mart , where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in China , will think they are in Neiman Marcus .	7	Past
Alejandra González Anaya , one of the parade 's creative directors , explained to CNN why Mexico have decided now is the time to put on such a show .	20	Present
Some refused to leave , but so many were unable to .	8	Past
Nicholas Rowe , Shakespeare 's first biographer , recounted a Stratford legend that Shakespeare fled the town for London to escape prosecution for deer poaching in the estate of local squire Thomas Lucy .	14	Past
GOODWYN : The candidate Mr. Bush was working for , Red Blount , had gotten rich in Alabama in the construction business .	14	Past
A maximum guaranteed area of 829229 ha is hereby established .	9	Past
That being said , I do n't know how their delivery service is .	5	Present
They know their job and you do not have to watch them to be sure everything is done right .	1	Present
The hijacker Ahmed Alhaznawi appears to have contracted cutaneous anthrax in Afghanistan .	7	Past
I used to LOVE this place .	1	Past
At least 330,000 people , including 10,000 technicians , were involved .	9	Past
If they 're OK with it , we 'd like to execute it as soon as possible unless there are any objections .	19	Present
I remember going into Hollywood Magic and wanting that big red box with the dragons on it and I did n't even know what it did .	19	Past
The patterns presented by the data from the Petén region and Uaxactun allowed for these sites to fit within the cultural development of the Maya lowlands .	2	Past
Do n't go here unless you want to sit , order , eat and be asked to leave all in a matter of 20 minutes .	15	Past
Mrs Weasley had shouted herself hoarse before she turned on Harry , who backed away .	2	Past
If the button is not selected , selecting new items to filter automatically turns filtering on and removes your former filter settings .	17	Present
It was the fault of the parts supplier , and can we imagine how he felt having to put another 2 hours of work in the car .	15	Past
And this is one of the oldest pieces of environmental legislation that we have in Europe .	13	Present
Mr. Crawford threw several punches at the assailant before he was stabbed in the heart .	2	Past
I found out they did not even drive the car , stated they looked at it before .	1	Past
By 2009 , total sales of The Power of Now and A New Earth in North America had been estimated at three million and five million copies respectively .	17	Past
The Hong Kong government , which is led by pro-Beijing lawmakers , have argued that the pair should not take office .	12	Present
The train was crowded , and as the passengers started filling the ramp and walking toward him , they quickly became a mob .	14	Present
I 'm in my 20's and currently studying in France .	1	Present
It is served in a cocktail glass and topped with Godiva chocolate flakes .	1	Present
We outsiders are not stable enough to appreciate them .	2	Present
Most important , despite the Russian army massed against us , we are embarking on an election campaign .	7	Past
Dave is a patient and methodical teacher , who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students ' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take .	24	Present
Then Harry realised that Ron had covered nearly every inch of the shabby wallpaper with posters of the same seven witches and wizards , all wearing bright orange robes , carrying broomsticks , and waving energetically .	25	Present
A slim little white girl slipped between them and took up Ras Asahe 's hand with the gold-metal watch-bracelet as if it were some possession she had put down ...	27	Past
Wakes are common both north and south of the boarder with Protestants and Catholics alike .	1	Present
At age ten Balzac was sent to the Oratorian grammar school in Vendôme , where he studied for seven years .	4	Past
Many people at Enron already have this type of chair , but we rarely , if ever , have a surplus because they are so popular .	23	Present
‘’ Pakistan now has a large force deployed in Baluchistan which was not there before , ’’ says Lt. General David Barno .	11	Past
29 - Percentage of votes that will be cast via computer voting machines that do n't produce a paper record .	8	Past
That is why the EU was hopelessly outmaneuvered by Russia in the negotiations with Ukraine over an Association Agreement .	1	Present
There is also the Desert Rose ( adenium obesium ) which looks like a blooming elephant leg .	1	Present
if the trouble goes away with the modem off , then make sure that EVERYTHING EXCEPT the modem is filtered , this would include the alarm system , fax machine , satellite boxes , phones , etc ...	19	Past
Roly was a bachelor and his house was the particular mixture of tranquil luxury and unchangeable dreariness that is a condition of households where white men live indulged in the sole charge of black male servants .	7	Past
It is the largest town on the island and has the largest share of accommodations .	1	Present
He did comment on what he meant by the phrase . '	6	Past
A large group of my friends and I rent almost the whole motel every year for a weekend , and the experience and stay have always been five - star .	24	Present
The greeter said there was about 15 minutes waiting .	2	Past
Let us know what you decide to do .	5	Present
This is the year you 're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world , as expansion is the theme .	5	Present
She wandered down to the herb garden and brought back a branch of dill ;	8	Past
It has three parallel chapels at the apse and many lateral chapels between the buttresses .	1	Present
After you create an account , you can use Friendship Pages to see your interactions with any friend , all in one place .	2	Present
I moved into the Tanglewood Apartments in late 2008 and it 's been a refreshing change .	12	Past
I am sending you a letter from their atty .	2	Present
First , emerging - market hype is just that .	6	Present
The owner was VERY rude , accused me of not reading my contract , and basically told me to shut up when I was trying to ask questions to further understand the process of canceling my membership .	24	Present
Aunt Petunia was just handing round a box of after-dinner mints when a huge barn owl swooped through the dining room window , dropped a letter on Mrs Mason 's head and swooped out again .	16	Past
Thank you again for great customer service !	0	Present
We 've booked Italy tickets this week for departing Houston on Friday , May 24 to Newark / Rome and returning on Sunday , June 9 from Rome to Newark / Houston .	2	Past
The Other group will contain all items that you did not include in the Fixed custom group .	9	Past
Compounding this is the well - based suspicion that Syria has perhaps the most advanced chemical weapons capability in the Persian Gulf .	2	Present
I absolutely LOVED living there .	2	Past
Retail and wholesale businesses expanded as shoppers remained upbeat , and consumer services companies also grew .	7	Past
The literary critic A. C. Bradley described this style as " more concentrated , rapid , varied , and , in construction , less regular , not seldom twisted or elliptical " .	6	Past
It 's in an area starting with a P , many tourist hotels there and the location is very nice .	1	Present
Mozilla Firefox , its main rival , has been actively increasing its market share while the recently released Google Chrome is also quickly gaining users .	10	Present
I also have back problems that transfer into my legs .	2	Present
On the shores of the Mediterranean , it is hard to imagine that in Lapland temperatures can fall considerably lower than that .	8	Present
Who are we ?	1	Present
This may seem obvious , but deep , even breathing ( despite the rushing slipstream ) and controlling your heart-rate are essential to your continued survival .	20	Present
The trouble was , there was already someone sitting on it .	8	Present
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .	13	Past
The latest figures relate to the 24th of October last year , and tell us that our diesel costs 1,335 euros per litre , compared with the eurozone average of 1,165 euros .	3	Present
And do n't even think about asking to speak to the manager because this guy is , and pardon my French , a jerk .	15	Present
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .	11	Past
These alleged members of the Arakan Army , the military wing of the National Unity Party in Myanmar , have been charged with illegal entry .	20	Past
Auto Towing is one of the best towing services I have used .	10	Present
The gall of it all is that Bush is stumping for more money to build more refineries , when what he should do is pour money into making the US independent of OPEC or crude oil all together .	5	Present
Used as a help for horses that are quite strong pullers while hacking , hunting and doing cross country .	0	Past
Olivia went in to change the record and because it was , unexpectedly , Mozart – the harp and Mute concerto – he lit a cigar to smoke while he enjoyed it .	1	Past
Nicolai collaborates on various cinematic scores by Morricone as Metti , one night at dinner ; some of them were written by both together .	20	Past
The foundation did not participate in the recent uprising , but it did serve as a defender of those targeted by official repression .	2	Past
Of course , the tactile trend is closely linked to our growing obsession with making things .	8	Past
NEW YORK – Following a crescendo of terrifying violence , the Ukrainian uprising has had a surprisingly positive outcome .	13	Present
This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave because other people were waiting .	17	Past
Bending forward suggests : " I completely surrender to You . "	2	Present
Afterwards I took it back when it was borne in upon me startlingly with what extreme nicety he had estimated the time requisite for the ' affair . '	7	Past
the first part ( of four ) covers a span of six years , while the final two sections focus on just three days .	19	Present
I called and got the same runaround on hold and noone calls you back .	1	Past
I 'm sorry he makes me want to puke so I shut him off .	1	Present
It is the whole political class that is being questioned about the way in which it must take up these challenges .	7	Present
If America remains stuck in its under - saving ways but finds itself without Chinese goods and capital , it will suffer higher inflation , rising interest rates , and a weaker dollar .	11	Present
By the way , Cullen and Dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to Melanie Gray .	7	Present
Why , in God 's name ? I cried .	8	Past
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	1	Past
Flowers blooming create a hormone change which dramatically reduces the flavor of the leaves , as well as reducing the amount of foliage which grows .	8	Present
I just wanted to send you a quick note to let you know that I 'm out ta here !	2	Past
Before the phones went , I was told [ my family in Biloxi ] had lost their roof , barn , 2 oak trees and many pines and they were letting in water	3	Past
will only be in Ho chi Minh for 4 days and I am looking for a 1 day or 2 day trip to Mekong delta .	12	Present
To accomplish this , Łódź has been capitalizing on its film history - Łódź is jokingly referred to as the " HollyŁódź " of Poland and hosts several film festivals and many other cultural events .	5	Present
It 's the water pumped into the tanks for ballast and then pumped out again that pollutes the seas , says John .	16	Present
Molly 's frantic – she 's coming now .	5	Present
Wikinews interviews Robert Sarvis , Libertarian Party nominee for Governor of Virginia	1	Present
Best ceviche that I 'd had so far ! :)	5	Past
Per the memo , ENA 's storage account will be REDUCED by 420,588 mmbtu !!!!!!	10	Past
Do n't they understand English ?	0	Present
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department .	1	Present
Anyway , I got you message , and I got the World Series thing ( although I had already received	3	Past
also i was wondering , is it true that the bigger the speakers are the better .	13	Present
Investigators said the nun , Margaret Ann Pahl , 71 , was strangled and then stabbed , with nine wounds on her chest forming the shape of an inverted cross , a well - recognized Satanic symbol .	11	Past
This is where the payoff comes in , what makes the joke succeed or fail .	1	Present
But that means nothing , since they were n't the sort of things guys like Bush told the " girls " .	16	Past
I thought it would be a good idea to see how a few that I liked would look like on a model ( by looking the dress up online ) .	1	Past
CC makes things more complex .	1	Present
I bet you also did take charcoal as it is used for barbecue which does not get as hot as real coal ( e.g. for blacksmithing one needs coal , not barbecue charcoal ) .	9	Present
Indeed , they do n't understand what kind of good service private schools held " ( ( it ) ) .	3	Present
And , she granted , “ you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different — we can do better — and where she has expressed regret . ”	13	Present
The office is shared with a foot doctor and it 's very sterile and medical feeling , which I liked .	10	Present
In fact , many people Wikinews observed took out their mobiles as they left for the evening and used their own phone cameras to make one further record of the moment - a photo of a photo .	7	Past
Aunt Petunia was just handing round a box of after-dinner mints when a huge barn owl swooped through the dining room window , dropped a letter on Mrs Mason 's head and swooped out again .	2	Past
I want to go travelling .	1	Present
Using a connection file simplifies the task of deploying related data access pages .	0	Present
If you used to make $ 100 k and now only make $ 30 k , this is not long term viability .	11	Present
Someone left , and reappeared with another case of champagne .	1	Past
some beautiful locations like close to Karol Bagh Shopping Market , Presidential Palace , and Birla Mandir Temple and Connaught Place and Jantar Mantar are near to it .	24	Present
They do n’t carry futures .	1	Present
It is no surprise that the federal and state governments have classified the National Natural Heritage as a nation - wide endeavor of the highest priority and have documented it starting in 2005 in a coalition contract .	27	Present
Thailand has recently cracked down on human trafficking , which has affected the routes by which people-smugglers transport migrants .	11	Past
for 2005 another 18 actions are intended by the Member States and the Commission .	5	Present
Do n't blame him please , he feels lonely and wants to show his attention to all of you to look after you , please forgive and sympathy if he miss something .	0	Present
( Do n't wish to use Wikipedia again , it 's just easier than spending time looking up more obscure and detailed information . )	10	Present
Rabbits do burrow also so do n't be surprised if chicken are falling into holes .	12	Present
They compensate for this by creating the impression that they have a lot of friends - they have a ' quantity , not quality ' mentality .	1	Present
However , when you apply a filter by selection , the conditional filter already applied on the field is removed before the filter by selection is applied .	26	Past
Folks , if it 's Islamic , and fascist , it 's an Islamic fascist .	4	Present
She was eventually sent to Rehabilitation Project Force in Sydney , which the Church describes as a religious retreat , but critics charge is a forced work camp .	1	Past
If they screw up you could be in worse shape than you are now !	12	Present
I 've never had a dwarf hamster but I 've had the same problem with my pet rat I put some chicken wiring around it the I got from home depot and now it ca n't out .	10	Past
Silkie crosses are great birds , and very neat looking .	2	Present
Work it into your speech -- something along the line of , " And Jen , you come from great people and have fantastic friends .	17	Present
Even though they still charge you the days you booked but wo n't use , it is worth the get the hell out of this crap hole .	9	Past
I used my card to purchase a meal on the menu and the total on my receipt was $ 8.95 but when I went on line to check my transaction it show $ 10.74 .	31	Present
She also claims that in 1997 and 1998 , she was tasked with removal of asbestos from the ship .	11	Past
Helen is a wonderful place to take you family .	1	Present
Please contact me if you require any additional information	5	Present
Rowe was the first biographer to record the tradition , repeated by Johnson , that Shakespeare retired to Stratford ' some years before his death ' .	1	Past
A lack of organisation , coupled with the distain for its customers , makes this the worst rental agency I have used .	5	Past
The final challenge concerns a wide array of issues that require Regulation of rapidly evolving technologies by governments that do not necessarily have the competence or resources to do so effectively .	14	Present
I 'm assuming it 's to scare off predators / like how they will puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies .	1	Present
" A warming of the magnitude predicted is more likely than not to be beneficial to the fisheries of the North Atlantic . "	6	Past
From there his mind drifted off to the accounts he had read of Melville 's last years – the taciturn old man working in the New York customs house , with no readers , forgotten by everyone .	10	Past
This is where you can get AND change express train tickets .	1	Present
I regret this , but the vote has already been taken and the decision is made so let us leave the matter there .	17	Present
In this paper , we report upon the novel insights eye-tracking techniques have provided into the unconscious processes of viewing the unique collection of Zurbarán artworks .	5	Present
The name seemed to suggest something to Auster , and he paused for a moment abstractedly , as if searching through his memory .	19	Present
You mean Edward 's not going to take part in the celebrations ?	5	Present
No , because I really ca n't call and tell them I 'm yeah , so-and-so 's applying here for a position .	17	Present
Archibald , a middle - class Alabama boy -- who , by the way , is now a registered Democrat -- did n't like that story .	18	Past
Ugh my dad is so stupid ... he just does n't understand anything !	9	Present
Saudi officials had already provided safeguards by installing an oval wall with padded edges to protect pilgrams from a crush , installed security cameras and placed over 60,000 security personnel in the area .	12	Past
Her big British eyes are affronted and her bosom has risen with indignation .	4	Present
Blount 's support of the party led him to be appointed Richard Nixon 's postmaster general .	6	Past
Roly glared .	1	Past
I was extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it , but the sales guy I dealt with ruined the deal .	22	Past
A statistical analysis was performed based on the application of the paired t-test on the difference of the overall score obtained in the test before and after the intervention in the two groups .	11	Past
Dust storms usually start in desert margins rather than the deserts themselves where the finer materials have already been blown away .	3	Present
The private detective , he repeated softly .	5	Past
Why do we say that ?	1	Present
Before coming to Acupuncture DOCTOR I was a big baby about needles and only came because my boyfriend 's aunt recommended it .	14	Past
I hope you have a good flight back to home .	1	Present
i must have had you messed up with some other girl i made the bet with .	5	Past
While it 's not cheap , Alto will give you an experience you 'll never forget .	2	Present
His number is 860-665-2368 and e-mail address is leporjj@selectenergy.com .	7	Present
Do n’t worry about completing the entire thing , but take steps now so that doing so in the future is a breeze .	20	Present
Certain reserve characters are part of the XML syntax and will not be interpreted as themselves if used in the data portion of an element .	17	Past
Given the chance your cat may only have one kidney , I would think the worst case scenario would be kidney disease , which untreated can lead to possible renal failure .	0	Past
I have never been disappointed .	3	Past
She has no experience with snakes and has never held one .	7	Present
As a result , China will no longer be inclined to lend its capital to the US .	8	Present
To " route out " in Scientology jargon refers to the member who wishes to leave proceeding through a set of interrogative exit interviews while attached to the Scientology device called the E-meter .	25	Past
while you 're unlikely to cause offense if you do , you may well look slightly strange .	2	Present
We do n't want too many tourists , and since we 'll both be out of school we can go anytime between the middle of June to early November .	1	Present
I crave those .	1	Present
After discussions with the commercial group I propose that that redlined language be added to the attached Dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated rate agreements we 've done .	24	Past
Except at the beach or at sacred sites normal western dress is acceptable for both men and women , except that you should avoid clothing showing a lot of skin .	11	Present
He had not really lost himself ; he was merely pretending , and he could return to being Quinn whenever he wished .	4	Past
The term renaissance is in essence a modern one that came into currency in the 19th century , in the work of historians such as Jacob Burckhardt .	10	Past
Retail and wholesale businesses expanded as shoppers remained upbeat , and consumer services companies also grew .	4	Past
We 're set for 11/01/01 .	2	Past
Soon the people were surging around him .	4	Present
At the height of the development of his biological weapons program , his brother was extradited pursuant to a death sentence in the " Albanian returnees " case ( now he faces retrial ) .	14	Past
Sitara is n't matching the spreadsheet .	1	Present
Six black men advanced in a file , toiling up the path . They walked erect and slow , balancing small baskets full of earth on their heads , and the clink kept time with their footsteps .	19	Present
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement , and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what 's in the draft ?	0	Present
I imagine by the time she 's prepared to trust the baby to Venetia the celebrations 'll be over .	6	Present
He decided just to drop the first one he caught over the hedge , but the gnome , sensing weakness , sank its razor-sharp teeth into Harry 's finger and he had a hard job shaking it off until –	9	Past
Glad to hear all is well .	4	Present
My weekends seem to be taken up with condo matters , house hunting .	2	Present
There are so many things to do that you will only use your room for sleeping and the extra cost of the balcony is wasted .	23	Present
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	15	Past
Finally , I told the little girl that she would have to accompany me to school ( 8:30 am ) .	3	Past
I think they 're still in the mindset from when it was only smokers sitting around and drinking ... not in any hurry .	1	Present
Al - Abbudi stated that " His Emminence " decided to openly support the list because " others " ( obviously a reference to Allawi ) have been abusing official state positions and media outlets in their campaigning .	3	Past
Is that reasonable ?	0	Present
As you mark things off , you will be motivated to continue doing so , and seeing it on a regular basis will remind you that your project needs to be done .	2	Present
Enron will guarantee delivery by the 20th of each scheduled Dispatch Period and accept supply to the 15th of each scheduled Dispatch Period .	9	Past
I need to have a form filled out that says I do n't have health insurance coverage through Enron .	6	Past
After searching for two or three minutes , he finally found a place on one of the benches , wedging himself between a man in a blue suit and a plump young woman .	1	Present
I was involved in a car accident 20 years ago and since then I 've been a nervous wreck and have n't been behind the wheel .	22	Past
Europe 's farmers need help now .	3	Present
Myself and my fiance 's identity was stolen from the office staff .	6	Past
It did n't seem fair that we should lie here and be afraid while the men were getting drunk and singing .	17	Present
When victims and witnesses speak up , at least sometimes a child is protected , the truth is exposed , and justice is done .	4	Present
People are open minded thr since the place is frequented by Firangs .	8	Present
I 'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY .	7	Past
Maybe I 'm missing something here , but how , exactly , does one ' Loose ' 200,000 AK47's ?	3	Present
There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value .	4	Past
The Settlement date shall be the date ( s ) set forth in the Product description on the Website .	10	Past
Temescal is a neighborhood that lies north-northwest from Downtown , centered along the reach of Telegraph Avenue , at and near 51st Street .	1	Present
I had tried out few place around the area and had been ripped off a few times .	1	Past
Although there are no human vocals / lyrics , I think it's subject matter is audible .	14	Present
As much fun as they are , I figured we would probably do some different things than what you have planned for them .	5	Present
something hard knocked his elbow and he tucked it in tightly , still spinning and spinning	7	Past
I asked them to change it but they rudely said that it was okay .	9	Past
His use of the Presidency to further this agenda has in many ways been unconstitutional .	13	Past
Significantly , the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago ( now retired ) , upon being contacted , does not even report that he necessarily sent the only copy of the strain to Ft. Detrick .	5	Past
Currently , Mercury and Venus is conjunct and the conjunction is being closely aspected by Rahu .	13	Past
I guess they figured me for an easy mark , and tried to explain that my car would n't pass unless I replaced a hose .	22	Past
A more complex grid made of seven lines	4	Past
Why should I bother my child with memory when he can buy a computer that will remember everything you asked him to remember ?	19	Past
17 - On 17 November 2001 , The Economist printed a correction for having said George Bush was properly elected in 2000 .	19	Past
I also want to express my disagreement on the support given to the American law on Hong-Kong .	10	Past
" It 's a very , very desperate situation , " Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco said .	15	Past
These books were potboiler novels , designed to sell quickly and titillate audiences .	11	Present
Many times mice are drawn into homes on the search for food .	4	Past
Protocol Concerning the conditions and arrangements for admission of the republic of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union .	1	Present
Judging by the fact that Draco Malfoy usually had the best of everything , his family were rolling in wizard gold ; he could just see Malfoy strutting around a large manor house .	16	Past
I do n't want to wait till month end , let 's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order , let s take that value into June since it relates to July puts .	1	Present
Learn more about our name policies .	0	Present
But here is a mushroom that 's past its prime .	2	Present
Have both of the teams turn around and have the referee throw it into the grass or pitch while the teams are n't looking .	23	Present
I remember signing my first autograph to a kid when I was 25 years old .	1	Present
Al Qaeda 's regional operative , Hambali , who was at a key January 2000 meeting and supervised Sufaat , has been captured .	22	Past
Perhaps GDP does not really capture the improvements in living standards that computer - age innovation is engendering .	16	Present
Lawsuits have been filed , mailing lists have been shut down , homes of discussion group participants have been raided and their computers seized -- an all-out war . "	2	Past
2005 is bound to bring at least one major success in the love department , and your career will be brimming with new enthusiasm and innovation .	20	Present
Heather moving in has been a different story .	4	Past
By flooding himself with externals , by drowning himself out of himself , he had managed to exert some small degree of control over his fits of despair .	14	Past
It was now past five o'clock .	1	Past
By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with , there was basically no design .	9	Past
Already I 'm considering future projects , and I can assure you that for my printing needs I will be choosing no other than Atlanta Paperback Book Printing .	20	Present
The person went to go check with the manager , who was sitting at a table chatting with her friends who were eating there .	12	Present
I began seeing Dr. Romanick back in 2000 and have seen a significant decline in the quality of care , patient - doctor communication , and just the overall level of services .	1	Past
Who knows ?	1	Present
But I am also happy to not go , as long as someone collects more animals on my behalf !	2	Present
Among humans both males and females are ardent singers , and making music is mostly a communal activity .	6	Present
We also need to follow this up and make sure that our rules are transposed by the Member States in good time and - even more importantly - we need to ensure that they are also applied afterwards .	13	Present
Take the red line to Clark , then you turn right .	9	Present
I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .	1	Present
If anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments , please give me a call .	2	Present
Some strategies being used by NASA & Company in relation to China and other space planning countries are mentioned here after being gleaned from a news item underneath .	17	Present
I assure the House firmly that Hong-Kong will not slip from our sights in the Commission .	1	Present
never response the phone call	1	Present
I was recently in Poland for the Joint Parliamentary Committee .	1	Past
He 's not giving 85 % away , he 's giving a number of shares each year that decrease in number at the rate of 5 % a year ( until gone ? ) .	18	Present
The Saudis are beginning to understand it , but they fight the inner circles , while still financing the infrastructure at the outer circle .	10	Present
What did the Dursleys care if Harry lost his place in the house Quidditch team because he had n't practised all summer ?	7	Past
I went to work the next day , turning , so to speak , my back on that station .	8	Present
Please send me the current fuel curve that you are converting to $ / MWh to value the deal ?	9	Present
The competent services have not included them in the agenda on the grounds that they had been answered in a previous part - session .	15	Past
Adidas is helping to clean up the Earth 's oceans by using the waste floating around the world to make shoes .	1	Present
Hope all is well .	2	Present
Their correspondence reveals an intriguing balance of passion , propriety and patience ;	2	Present
until you brush it away . )	2	Present
It was the first time i had left a salon with my hair curly .	1	Past
In England , the cuckoo returns earlier .	5	Present
Harry noticed that it was wearing what looked like an old pillowcase , with rips for arm and leg holes .	5	Present
Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day .	9	Present
One of their many grieving Facebook posts has a line which would have delighted Chris : “ More African than you , I have not known . ”	25	Past
There is no room for amendments .	1	Present
Yeah they ruined some shirts I had too .	2	Past
Thank you ,	0	Present
The bungling of post-war Iraq by the Bush administration created a weak and failed state .	9	Past
The one country that has shown that it understands the realities in South Asia is China .	5	Past
Hope you 've been storing up sleep , cause it looks like you wo n't be getting much for a while .	16	Present
It s not any of you lol	1	Present
Forts were also built in the older portions of New France that had not yet been settled .	3	Past
i have not gotten a good response so i think shanna and i are going to stay in town .	3	Past
You want to merge your mind with the greater universal Mind that surrounds you .	1	Present
Aner Shalev is an Israeli mathematician and writer born in 1958 in Kibbutz Kinneret , Tiberias .	8	Past
I seem to have arrived , he said to himself .	1	Present
i think Miramar was a famous goat trainer or something .	1	Present
They were primarily on hills .	1	Past
We understand that the pipe fitters are also planning to picket the Lake Worth , Florida project as well .	8	Present
I want to say that Mike did a great job for our family in our time of need .	1	Present
She basically said if the children getting off the bus are n't paying to enter her building she was going to let them wander around the streets .	2	Past
And that 's exactly what happens with PCBs in this food pyramid :	2	Present
I am currently employed with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild .	1	Present
I 've been a regular customer at this store since it opened , and love the fact that all of the employees are friendly locals .	11	Past
The policy dilemmas that have resulted – rising inequality , greater volatility , reduced room to manage the real economy – will continue to preoccupy policymakers in the decades ahead .	7	Present
In two months Carroll had learned that her parents lived on a farm several miles outside of town ; that they sold strawberries in summer , and Christmas trees in the winter .	5	Past
When you move a field to the row area , the unique items of data within the field are displayed down the rows of the PivotTable view .	19	Past
Nevertheless , his keen insight regarding working-class conditions earned him the esteem of many Socialists and Marxists .	5	Present
With the help of debit card data , the Essen police are investigating four people who stood by and watched while a retiree died in a bank .	11	Present
Prideful people have a strong need to look good , and being self-sufficient is an effective way to do that .	13	Present
Proposed alternative candidates include Francis Bacon , Christopher Marlowe , and Edward De Vere , 17 th earl of Oxford .	0	Past
I just called again and was told that workmanship , not wood , is guaranteed for a year - well in my opinion - the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship !	14	Past
They were beautiful and lasted forever !	1	Past
He won a case against the Greek railways several years ago and he is owed several thousand pounds by them .	13	Present
3 ) also want an island where I can do fun activities , rainforest is a must	14	Present
As they stared at each other , Harry heard Dudley 's voice from the hall .	2	Past
Hi , I am a dog trainer for 25 yrs .	3	Present
I enjoyed working with all of you during the past five years at Enron / Azurix , and I wish you all of the best .	1	Past
Have distributed to Western GA team ( plus Steffes ) for comment and thought you may have some , too .	1	Past
As we discussed yesterday , Laird and I spoke and we think that the presentation is good to go for Thursday .	2	Past
1575 Leonardo beats Ruy Lopez in Madrid .	2	Present
In his dream , which he later forgot , he found himself walking down Broadway , holding Auster 's son by the hand .	7	Past
Flower arrangements were placed everywhere , as if there were illness in the house .	3	Past
With these last stories her fame spread throughout the Tokyo literary establishment .	6	Past
We have already recommended you to some of our friends !	1	Present
The term became a prominent result in searches online , and gained dominance on Web search engines including Google , Bing , and Yahoo! .	2	Past
Hope you find out soon :)	2	Present
The employees do n't really seem to enjoy what they are doing and it shows .	2	Present
Last year we just knew we were going to the playoffs ; we knew we were going post-season .	7	Present
I was not happy with the way they looked , very wavy , uneven edges , and with the exception of 1 , there is a dip in the center of each nail .	8	Past
Facebook is a free site and will never require that you pay to continue using the site .	1	Present
Control naming	1	Present
A short , irritable-looking man was dancing around taking photographs with a large black camera that emitted puffs of purple smoke with every blinding flash .	5	Past
But they can at least lay booby - traps to confuse and deter – a concept known as “ active defence ” .	16	Past
It has major airlines with direct flights to major cities in the U.S.	1	Present
You should ABSOLUTELY call your veterinarian back immediately to clarify anything you have questions about .	12	Present
Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress , Risk 2001 Australia , which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001 .	12	Past
I sat in the shadow in my living room for a while , looking at the amorphous mass of the blanket I had been crocheting .	22	Past
Michelangelo made the marble one but why did he do another if Donatello had already made one ?	15	Past
Go in and you will not think you are in Chesapeake .	8	Present
Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission 's hearings .	0	Past
The Board of Muslim clerics in Fallujah , 50 km west of Baghdad , " condemned the assassination and promised immediate revenge against the coalition soldiers in Iraq . "	15	Past
For some reason it takes them awhile to learn not to step in poop .	4	Present
The motion to compel is now scheduled for Dec. 12 at 2 p.m .	6	Past
So Parliament should send a message , since that is the wish of the vast majority .	9	Present
This document , called " Power Problems of a Revolutionary Government , " went back-and-forth , according to Mr Copeland , " between English and Arabic until a final version was produced .	30	Past
This was too much for both Aunt Petunia and Harry .	1	Past
In this day it s rare to find such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash .	4	Present
Its implementation would certainly require extending the scope of redistribution instruments such as the Structural Funds .	2	Past
There was not a customer to be found .	1	Past
It ’s very much like you are trying to make the room laugh , but the room has been a sort of captive audience for many many years now , so it takes a lot to make the room laugh .	18	Past
Was fast and easy , Just had our car returned this morning , I would recommend these Mobile Mechanics for sure .	6	Past
Does it cost money to use Facebook ?	2	Present
The game is at 12 : Sat @ Compaq Center .	2	Present
Cities such as Milan depend on 80 percent of water from Alpine runoff .	4	Present
He said it was the same tire , and verified this , after checking both the actual tire on my car and my service papers from earlier in the week .	3	Past
Earlier , Kerry said , “ Just because you get an honorable discharge does not , in fact , answer that question . ”	3	Past
Respondents were provided the opportunity to select more than one race , and those who did were asked a follow-up question regarding which category best described their racial background .	2	Past
We felt we made it better because it introduced a process for review and refund . "	1	Past
I do n't suppose he 's going to turn up for the honour of standing in the crowd and waving a flag , eh ?	5	Present
Arrogance and smugness is often a reflection of limited life experience , and feeling concerned that those with greater life experience " have got something over them " .	23	Past
Mr. President , as a Nobel Peace Prize recipient and as one of the fathers of the modern peace process in Israel , do you still think that there is a future to the peace process ?	29	Present
When I met her in 2012 , she had just harvested her first crop of maize grown from a seed specifically adapted for Tanzania 's climate .	16	Past
Here is the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday .	1	Present
I 'm hoping the bakers continue to do their baking out of another place , because it would be a shame not to have these cakes any longer .	1	Present
The total number of casualties from hundreds of suicide murders within Israel in the last three years is much smaller than those due to car accidents .	17	Present
He also designed furniture and houses for the wealthy as well as coins and medals , including the insignia of the Society of the Cincinnati .	2	Past
why is enron blowing up ?	1	Present
The top two are going ' head to head ' in a final vote on that opens on Wednesday on - http://www.stuff.co.nz/dominion-post/	4	Present
He was a seaman , but he was a wanderer , too , while most seamen lead , if one may so express it , a sedentary life .	7	Past
I will also be having my other vet up who 's a chiro & acupuncturist to evaluate him for wobblers .	10	Present
The Dursleys liked everything neat and ordered ; the Weasleys house burst with the strange and unexpected .	2	Past
Even if you buy a cake in a baker s you can not be too what happens in the kitchen , for example the cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham .	32	Past
In the corner is a girl in a headscarf and jeans who looks so unassuming I think it ’s another assistant .	18	Present
In the second case , the M5S party asks to the regional government to assure the local administrations of the region regularly apply the sentence of the Supreme Court .	8	Present
The Pacific Standard bar is located in Brooklyn , New York , and is co-owned by Jonathan M. Stan and John-Christian G. Rauschenberg .	14	Past
When you walk across landscapes , it leaps up in the aftermath of your footsteps trying to grab debris .	15	Present
Perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing Zahav was going to be golden as its name suggests ( and as the many golden reviews seem to attest ) , we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience .	11	Present
She died from infection caused by severe eczema after they shunned effective conventional medical treatments for homeopathy , a form of alternative medicine that has been described as pseudoscience .	1	Past
I will never go to another vet as long as I have animals .	11	Present
These are two areas of action which I invite the Commissioner to set up and in which I would ask him to involve us .	8	Present
If you love seeing the shows , Royal Caribbean was better for the main shows and Carnival was slightly better for the comedians .	17	Past
She is a Canadian born Vietnamese .	4	Past
What is all important is to be French , or to have been French for a good long time .	12	Past
I explained to him what I wanted and that I previously went to Braman Honda .	6	Past
1576 Boi taken prisoner , but wins his freedom playing chess .	6	Present
But if somebody wakes up one morning and suddenly no longer is funny , then yeah , head first , out the door as quickly as possible , and as sadistically as possible .	3	Present
STANFORD – Mosquito - borne diseases kill millions of people annually , and cause suffering for many more .	13	Present
If you must use a cleaner , pledge should be fine if the area that you keep your parakeet in is well ventilated .	22	Past
There are different theories about the reasons for leaving the place .	1	Present
Moving them distributes the wear and tear of washing .	2	Present
Dr. Obina told me that his office closed at noon and that I should call him on Monday .	2	Past
That is why my Group moves that this item be taken off the agenda .	5	Present
It 's very beautiful I think .	1	Present
Do n't eavesdrop , but when they 're talking to you or to those around you , listen to them .	7	Present
But now that the scene was taking place , he felt quite disappointed , even angry .	12	Past
We are obliged to do so because we are the representatives of the citizens in a Europe of Citizens and not just in a Europe of States and of Regions .	8	Present
Phone calls were n't returned when promised and the botched repair took a week longer than promised .	11	Past
90 - Percentage of detectors which give early warning of a biological weapons attack found to be defective .	14	Past
Like many people I know , I ’ve spent recent months staying up late , reading polls in terror .	4	Present
An imaginative reading , I guess you could say .	2	Present
Last night , I adopted a 2 year old Male German Shepherd .	4	Past
The shop was great , the service was excellent and the employees were fun guys .	7	Past
When Millican died , we assumed that was the last we ’d see of glitchy , twitchy Odi too .	7	Past
European-American settlement of the area commenced in the 1860s , and in 1911 the completion of the first of several large reservoirs in the mountains north and east of Phoenix insured its success as a center for irrigation-based agriculture .	30	Past
Le Monde gloated over this reversal .	2	Past
$ 42,000 - Average savings members of Bush 's cabinet received in 2003 as a result of cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes .	10	Past
" More concerning , " continued the MILNET brief , " is the priority placed on expanding and modernizing its Navy .	14	Past
Secular Arab nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the Palestinians , and those in post-Saddam Iraq are no exception .	16	Present
WHAT : Copies of the filed complaint will be made available at that time .	9	Past
At times I suspect that the world would be glad to see the last of its Christianity , and that it is the persistency of the Jews that prevents it .	28	Present
I know that Jeff is in Portland .	1	Present
Finished .	0	Past
One thing that does n't show up in the attachment is the swap eligibility issue .	3	Present
If you 've been to North County , chances are it 's in your favorites list already .	2	Present
Pioneers were assigned numbers , which were included on all cheques , enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how much . )	7	Past
A young woman was in and out the Bayleys ' house , sometimes adding to , sometimes carrying off with her the many children who played there .	13	Present
Just because you 're stuck , does nt give you the right to drag down all the singles around you .	3	Present
So chances are that if your dog likes to watch T.V. , it ’s probably because of the sounds .	13	Present
Best weather the past couple of years has been around late April - late May but it can pour with rain for days on end at any time of the year so be prepared with waterproof jackets / boots etc .	7	Present
It is not as precise as a pelham bit because it only uses one rein , though the modern ones have two or three slots on which to put the reins .	1	Present
Whitmore stated to LA Weekly that the alleged crime involved five hard drives each of $ 200 in value .	1	Past
Maybe because they hint at a larger conspiracy / network of abusers / satanic underground ?	3	Present
We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying , " was I got ta have it ! "	6	Past
and it will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places , i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go . :D	28	Present
Mrs. Wentz had put down her food and she sat back out of the light of the fire , a big face glimmering in the dark , caverns where the eyes were .	9	Past
There will be major problems with enforcing this rule at present , especially with smaller companies , as these cannot afford safety advisors .	1	Present
The summer there is much more mild than most of the US ( are you coming from the US ? ) .	13	Present
so i live in Invercargill New Zealand and i want to know if there are any good places to buy an ice - cream sundae from other than mc donald s lol	9	Present
In my experience the food has been excellent ( for the most part ) .	6	Past
John Aubrey reported that Shakespeare had been a country schoolmaster .	6	Past
But if -- there 's a painting on the wall in the Oval Office that shows a horseman charging up a steep cliff , and there are at least two other horsemen following .	26	Present
You have to see these slides .... they are amazing .	1	Present
you live in NZ and you eat McDonald s ice cream ?	1	Present
Let her explore when we moved my cat had to explore the entire house before she felt comfortable .	8	Past
Finally , the " Hatfill theory " seems to have been exhausted or at least lost public favor .	11	Past
Dessert is served .	1	Present
The procedures for the exercise of these implementing powers conferred on the Commission were laid down afresh in the Council Decision of June 1999 .	13	Past
They expect you back , she said with pride .	1	Present
The above services provide no value to me personally .	3	Present
She joined the Sea Org aged 14 .	5	Past
And then I noticed that I cheat a little bit when I write them down .	3	Past
Chuck and Gretchen were very positive , and when Alan 's refused to work on my bike , Chuck came right out and saw the problem and did what Alan 's mechanic would n't do .	11	Past
Dessert was ... hmmm , that 's interesting , I do n't even remember dessert .	6	Present
Elena 's title is admin coordinator , and I know that Sara should not have this title , and honestly do not think that Elena should also .	9	Present
The terms instructed that she pass it down intact to " the first son of her body " .	5	Present
Let me know what you think .	5	Present
He also never even said he was sorry .	6	Past
I thought I would have to wait until I went home to NYC .	1	Past
There 's Jeff [ Drake ] , who is behind the camera .	1	Present
I went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000 etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info it s greatly appreciated .	1	Past
Real-time suggested bids for our auction - based system provided guidance that enabled G5 to hone advert effectiveness based on their various targeting filters ( age , college level and location ) .	16	Present
Power producers then turned their attention toward killing that cap , saying they could n't make a profit even under these constraints .	3	Past
I know by your pyjama trousers , I use exactly the same measurement for new elastic as I always did .	19	Past
When you copy an exterior line , the new line is located halfway between the line you copied and the nearest line parallel to the line you copied .	2	Present
We are much safer today on board ship due to SOLAS , and I suppose if any good came out of the Titanic tragedy , the adoption of SOLAS is probably it .	14	Present
With Wikinews , Sarvis discusses his background , views on McDonnell 's tenure , keys to campaign success , plan to implement his agenda , and the former Virginia governor he most admires .	32	Present
He reports that the Iraqi Islamic Party , which had earlier been absolutely committed to getting out the Sunni vote , is now wavering and saying their position will depend on the situation .	11	Past
It 's a completed term , but it is supposed to come from ' Flap ! '	3	Past
( Some might cynically say that keeping MBAs and economists out of real businesses is a blessing , but I doubt that that is really true . )	2	Past
NCL is a notch below either , in terms of quality and service .	1	Present
What is Heaven Sent Gaming ?	1	Present
If you are not already a Facebook member and would like to join , you can use this email to start the registration process .	2	Present
I agree with you .	1	Present
Try the " white rice " option if your rice cooker gives you several options .	11	Present
He felt remarkably calm , as if everything had already happened to him .	8	Past
NASA celebrates 30th anniversary of first shuttle launch ; announces new homes for retired shuttles	13	Past
The fellow was carrying papers from Zawahiri and bragging about his ability to manipulate anthrax .	2	Past
When the Hasid returns to his seat after prayers , I tell him that my wife , a woman of learning , will be lecturing at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem .	24	Present
Ron , Fred and George seized Harry 's arms and pulled as hard as they could .	5	Past
We are absolutely confident that Stuart 's ethical and focused strategies will see these trends continue to grow , and our business will reap the rewards of this program .	1	Present
- it dries out , losing the water that is soaked into the set structure	9	Present
We shall proceed to vote on the PPE - DE Group 's request that the oral question regarding the capital tax be withdrawn from the agenda .	17	Present
She had to hack her way through the ceiling of her beauty shop as flood waters rose in the city of half a million people - much of which lies below sea level .	1	Past
Northern Algeria is in the temperate zone and enjoys a mild , Mediterranean climate .	2	Present
There will be limits to his ability to spend , however , as the Government is still running a substantial budget deficit .	17	Present
The rapporteur is asking for a threshold of 50 to 30 ppm , which would also involve excessive cost without appreciable benefit .	2	Present
If we have time next week , I could step you through our website -- www.weathereffects.com .	2	Present
these are short term transactions and requiring this documentation will cause us to lose business because competitive alternatives do not have such burdensome requirements .	1	Present
After a couple of weeks I got tired of them .	6	Past
" Cinema had changed so drastically that Hollywood had alienated the family audience . "	8	Past
Incitement by Arab TV , accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies , has become a powerful weapon of those who lie , distort and want to destroy everything .	5	Past
Bangs said his agency is still reviewing the decision .	6	Present
Even civil servants at national and local government level in Britain are not allowed to get involved in electioneering as the Commissioners are doing .	18	Present
On the other hand , this is essentially a statement that the company is overpriced from the guy who knows it best -- and happens to be the best investor of the last century .	13	Present
Whether that unity endures will depend on how Europe responds .	3	Present
I liked it so much there I ended up doing a PhD and I 've been working on social insects ever since .	15	Past
I 've never had a dwarf hamster but I 've had the same problem with my pet rat I put some chicken wiring around it the I got from home depot and now it ca n't out .	3	Past
Oh , and their liquor license was expired so no Bloody Mary or Mimosas .	6	Past
His initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned L.L.C .	19	Past
This is a horse that I otherwise would n't be able to afford and even if I spend 2 K and treatment I come out ahead of his purchase price .	23	Present
It does seem that Iranians frequently make statements and then hide behind lack of proof .	6	Present
But thankfully there are other flowers shops around Norman .	3	Present
Savage 's readers voted to define santorum as ; " the frothy mixture of lube and fecal matter that is sometimes the byproduct of anal sex . "	3	Past
But one should not go here expecting something fantastic , unless perhaps you 've never had middle - eastern food before , or succulent duck , tasty lamb , decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts .	13	Present
If you move the line upward , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line below remains constant , and the perpendicular line above the moving line contracts .	2	Present
Quinn asked him about the essay .	1	Past
Bouchard suffered a shocking three - set loss .	1	Past
When a child is born in Canada the birth is registered before the baby can leave the hospital .	9	Present
They have sent over their top reporter Ahmed Mansour to the town , and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of Al - Sahhaf .	1	Present
I have been here 3 to 4 times and every time food they served seems warmed up not cooked after you order it .	1	Present
Removes lethargy .	0	Present
What does independence mean – I do n't use freedom , I do n't like the big words – what does your independence mean , then ?	6	Present
On September 24 , 1944 , a group of Japanese ships were sunk by American warplanes in Coron waters as the ships retreated from Manila Bay .	22	Past
your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey .	2	Present
In 1594 PEREZ wrote & published a book under the assumed name of " RAPHAEL PEREGRINO . "	10	Past
Copies of this message are located below .	4	Present
It is not known exactly when Shakespeare began writing , but contemporary allusions and records of performances show that several of his plays were on the London stage by 1592 .	3	Past
More than anything else at Hogwarts , more even than playing Quidditch , Harry missed his best friends , Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger .	14	Past
It 's hard to keep up with the stories about billion dollar appropriations , debt forgiveness , and loan guarantees to countries like Egypt and Israel and now even Pakistan .	1	Present
It looks as if Hamas has thrown in the towel for this round , unable to take the beating the Israeli Defense Forces have unleashed upon this terrorist group .	5	Present
My wife know my harmless secret and supports me .	7	Present
This , however , does not seem feasible .	4	Present
And yet it seemed to throw a kind of light .	3	Past
I asked for a fried egg on my enchiladas ... and did not get it .!	4	Past
The dancers were falling back round a Polish agriculturalist who was teaching a gangling Englishman and two young Africans an Eastern European peasant dance .	2	Past
Roland Dando said we probably should be seeing you at the Rhino .	2	Past
In 1623 , in conjunction with the publication of the First Folio , the Droeshout engraving was published .	17	Past
Dando refused and Vivien had to go home to the children , and Rebecca Edwards protested that hers were alone too .	15	Past
The viewing experience of art is a complex one , involving issues of perception , attention , memory , decision-making , affect , and emotion .	5	Present
Those glowing Mountain Dew videos with peroxide and baking soda are all hoaxes .	10	Present
I hope this helps you with your decision .	3	Present
We oppose the excessive control the central administration of the Union and its Member States exercises and we are calling for a reduction in the bureaucracy that has taken root in the drafting and implementation of programmes .	1	Present
The Treaty of London , signed on 30 May 1913 , partitioned significant part of territory claimed by Albania , regardless its ethnic composition , between the Balkan allies reducing the territory of Albania to its central regions .	5	Past
I would encourage anyone who is thinking of back surgery , to talk about different treatment options first with Dr. de Barros .	5	Present
268 Number of Bush - Cheney fund - raisers who had earned Pioneer status ( by raising $ 100,000 each ) as of March 2004 .	10	Past
Occasionally , after poring over an object in this way , Stillman would toss it back onto the sidewalk . But more often than not he would open his bag and lay the object gently inside it .	3	Present
He is my farrier ( shoes my horse s feet ) so I am technically a client if you want to view it that way .	1	Present
I ’ll call it herein ( as everyone mostly does ) simply The Chemical Wedding .	9	Present
Onion Rings are great and the fries are endless .	7	Present
Firstly , the other reviewer clearly has never been to Nick 's , or he would know that Nick only charges $ 13 for a haircut which is pretty much industry standard .	8	Past
When you make them look bad - even if it is the slightest offense - they will usually be very mad at you .	4	Present
It is the attention to detail and the quality of the work taught at TomiPilates that sets this studio apart from the others .	12	Past
However , if somebody looks seriously alarmed or is starting to panic , let them know that you were not being serious .	8	Present
If you want to do your posting in different settings , you 'll always have this file to go back to .	2	Present
I 'm considering taking a job with Steiner and noticed I have to pay for all my travel .	11	Present
October 19 / 20 , Neil is out of town , so I have to pick Michael up from school ( leave at 430 )	13	Present
they all need love and attn , food , proper surroundings etc .	2	Present
Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .	3	Past
Mrs Weasley and Ginny were going to a second-hand robe shop . Mr Weasley was insisting on taking the Grangers off to the Leaky Cauldron for a drink .	5	Present
USI 's art gallery , like 189 other educational galleries and museums around the country , is a recipient of a major Warhol donor program , and this program is cultivating new interest in Warhol 's photographic legacy .	16	Present
“ The Vietnam War was winding down , and the Air Force was putting pilots in desk jobs .	12	Past
I do n’t dream about Renata , although when the dreams wake me up , it ’s thinking about Renata that keeps me awake .	16	Present
They own blogger , of course .	1	Present
The islands lie 860 km east of Christchurch , in the middle of the " Roaring Forties " .	2	Present
No longer a throwback to the Seventies , flock – or coating a surface is material – is flying again .	17	Present
Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosencreutz , which suggests ( and most people who ’ve heard of it suppose ) that the wedding is Christian ’s .	4	Present
However , the news reports ( BBC etc. ) were very encouraging in that the authorities were reportedly making strenuous efforts to evacuate the population from near the coast and areas that are prone to flooding .	4	Present
What kind of political cover would be gained from an attack on Iran , and from the diversion of attention to that attack ?	7	Past
We see the base of the food chain , the plankton , the small things , and we see how those animals are food to animals in the middle of the pyramid , and on so up this diagram .	1	Present
The house they had bought , filled with possessions that had been stored all the years they were in Africa , the garden they had made , spoke for them .	3	Past
She trusts me , she ’s more my dog than anyone ’s , and she did n’t like it but for me she lay there .	5	Present
IE6 shipped with Windows XP , nearly a decade ago .	1	Past
" We were screaming , hollering , flashing lights .	2	Past
Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under John 's name ( if so , to whom will the letter be sent ) ?	0	Present
Quinn realized that he should be going .	1	Past
If you do n't want to retain your filter selections , make sure the AutoFilter button is not selected before you start selecting items to filter .	22	Present
Lawsuits have been filed , mailing lists have been shut down , homes of discussion group participants have been raided and their computers seized -- an all-out war . "	3	Past
We had a larger black population in the 70s than we have now but they did not have any power until Willie Brown was elected .	15	Past
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be net tons ( 2000 lbs ) and the quantity shown shall be in net tons per month .	21	Past
These animals have the misfortune to produce a substance that is useful in the manufacture of perfume .	10	Present
Equipment is state of the art .	1	Present
Higuchi felt compelled to demonstrate her classical literary training .	1	Past
It looks like the 2 - day L/C issue is an issue .	1	Present
2 - Percentage of those goods subjected to thorough inspection .	6	Past
As of today , we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders ' letter dated November 16 , 2000 .	5	Present
I 'm sure this kind of thing goes on all the time .	7	Present
No term or provision of this License shall be deemed waived and no breach consented to unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing and signed by the party to be charged with such waiver or consent .	10	Past
I go to school in the area and usually wait until I go home to get my hair cut .	9	Present
The situation in Iraq is only going to get better this way .	4	Present
The management and staff are superb .	4	Present
Furthermore , three quarters of our farm workers are part-time and require supplements to their incomes .	11	Present
In Baghdad Kadhim Talal Husain , assistant dean at the School of Education at Mustansiriyah University , was assassinated with his driver in the Salikh district .	18	Past
Just enter your email address and password into the section at the top of the page and click " Log In " .	1	Present
Now , NASA engineers and astronauts are almost giddy with " go " fever as the tentative date for the first launch since the Columbia disaster approaches .	26	Present
When the next hailstorm blows through , I will not hesitate to contact James at Team Texas Construction .	4	Present
It had better nutritional value and it s also less expensive .	1	Past
Nevertheless , as time wore on he found himself doing a good imitation of a man preparing to go out .	7	Past
The investors put big bucks into the building but are clueless about what makes a good dining or bar experience .	2	Past
A great philosopher once said , muttered Quinn , that the way up and the way down are one and the same .	6	Past
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	2	Present
I do n't remember near which station it is though .	8	Present
Attached is my resume .	0	Past
Similarly , when you delete the last custom group for a field , the custom group field is automatically deleted .	19	Past
One thing is for sure , the economy is not faltering on my account .	2	Present
Thin translucent shadows move across her — the shadows of the neosilk-and-nanotube filaments that hang the city from the hundreds of five-kilometer-high towers that encircle it .	24	Present
When you have invasive surgery you could also get infections , accidental nicks and cuts that cause other problems too !	2	Present
Acquiring open source talent gives a company an inexpensive way of influencing and anticipating the direction an open source project will go .	4	Present
Yes , I have usually voted National .	3	Present
Just graduated , just moved , not rich , and starting new job soon .	1	Past
Tears lurked mysteriously behind his eyes , and his voice seemed to tremble as he spoke , but somehow he managed to hold his own .	20	Past
Thank you very much , Commissioner .	0	Present
The 2.6 -% margin of fluctuation is nothing new ; it already exists within the present system and is already being applied .	12	Present
As with all new year celebrations in Taiwan , the lantern festival is crowded .	12	Present
I was already a vegetarian when I read it a little more than a year ago , but it was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan .	7	Past
i satisfy your appetitie for lovin .	1	Present
I heard a noise like paper .	1	Past
Huge amounts of money , which could have solved many social problems in this dysfunctional part of the world , are channeled into three concentric spheres supporting death and murder .	21	Past
No son of an Arab politician or religious leader has ever blown himself up .	9	Present
Boutique stores dealing in children 's clothing / gifts are often outrageously priced ( who wants to pay 40 dollars for a newborn onesie ? )	9	Present
Also NASA has a large outreach program for education , some people believe this is important .	2	Present
We are also a group who is looking for members for our own select guild called ULGG of GW ... which is a part of the alliance with the same name .	1	Present
he saw the consul 's wife , whom he had met briefly , disappearing upstairs with her head bent consolingly to a Siamese .	1	Past
We also had the BBQ Spare Ribs .. good also .	2	Past
That is a formula which allows broader harmonisation and respects the traditions and practices of the Member States .	1	Present
But if I am going out , where exactly am I going ?	4	Present
This is legislation requiring a unanimous vote in the Council , which is usually a guarantee of inaction .	12	Present
But as Harry climbed onto the window-sill there came a sudden loud screech from behind him , followed immediately by the thunder of Uncle Vernon 's voice .	8	Past
The haircut was inexpensive and so were the salon services ( eyebrows were cheap ! ) .	12	Past
When he finished , Balzac went to Villeparisis and read the entire work to his family ;	2	Past
Moving back to Calgary in about a month which is a little sooner than I thought I would be going back but when opportunity knocks you got ta go .	15	Past
Soon , however , Shakespeare began to adapt the traditional styles to his own purposes .	5	Past
then I think I just kind of stopped smiling and just kind of sat there looking at the dates .	7	Past
For heaven 's sake , let them have it , it 's someone else 's turn to burn the midnight oil there , now ...	11	Present
We took our 7 month old and she laughed and giggled when ( very harshly I might add ) grabbing and ' kissed ' the goats and lambs .	1	Past
We feel that the Funds are a necessary but insufficient condition for achieving economic and social cohesion .	5	Present
She had to hack her way through the ceiling of her beauty shop as flood waters rose in the city of half a million people - much of which lies below sea level .	16	Past
I shall also refer the matter to the College of Quaestors , and I am certain that they will be keen to ensure that we comply with the regulations we ourselves vote on .	18	Present
He was wearing long green robes which were dusty and travel-worn .	7	Past
This helps the plants grow bushy .	4	Present
Before using FusionRetail Before installing FusionRetail store was running on a dos based software .	7	Past
Here is latest draft of risk memo ( STILL IN DRAFT FORM ) .	1	Present
US President Barack Obama tweeted using his @POTUS account :	4	Past
" In other words , regulators should consider these innovations ' public - health costs and benefits , and expedite their review .	6	Past
John Aubrey reported that Shakespeare had been a country schoolmaster .	5	Past
Once you 're there , ask if you can hold a ball python .	2	Present
This campaign season , there have been questions about whether George W. Bush fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s .	13	Past
The ball is now in the Commission 's court .	2	Present
If possible I try the services on myself before I bring in my son .	10	Present
How many times do you suppose you ’ve served it at your establishment since its creation ?	3	Present
If your visa does not restrict you from taking any work in New Zealand then you can work in any sector .	3	Present
Females after their first calf is already weaned :	7	Past
I came in to town for a week and forgot my trainers !	9	Past
Al - Zawahiri attempted to use Musharraf 's lack of progress in helping the Muslims of that Indian state as a justification for his overthrow .	3	Past
And on the Jaffa Road , because of another bomb , six adolescents two on a break from night school stopping at a coffee shop to eat buns , have just died .	29	Present
I was just wondering if you liked the book .	6	Past
Unfortunately , I 've given it a couple of tries at different times and decided to stop going .	4	Past
The Islamic citizens who have settled since the beginning of the 1960s emigrated primarily from Turkey .	12	Past
But no one seemed to have seen him , or to know whether he was , or had been , in the capital .	6	Past
However , they did not expand until ships big enough to cross seas were built .	3	Past
If I have a criticism of the Legal Affairs Committee 's opinion , it is that it is too one-sided .	17	Present
However , now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $ 6,000 + despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do , I feel I have to voice my opinion .	31	Present
The bottom line is that the food is n't great and is relatively high - priced .	7	Present
They were conquerors , and for that you want only brute force – nothing to boast of , when you have it , since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others .	1	Past
Nobody pays someone to keep their horse in shape and rides once a week , then takes all the ribbons at the show because their horse is good .	26	Present
He retraced his path along 107th Street , turned left on Broadway , and began walking uptown , looking for a suitable place to eat .	15	Present
I was a waitress for years and a key rule is to serve customers with small children before others , as I was the last to get my food .	1	Past
But the long silence from Ron and Hermione had made Harry feel so cut off from the magical world that even taunting Dudley had lost its appeal – and now Ron and Hermione had forgotten his birthday .	9	Past
When you move a field to the data area , the values from the field are used as the data that is measured in the chart .	22	Past
Another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time , meaning users can not retrieve them and read them later ( as they can with e-mail ) .	17	Past
Do you feel that the holidaying with the animated cartoons will impress only young ones ?	0	Present
3 The Other group is the parent of the items you did not assign to any specific custom group .	11	Past
I work for a large retail company recently expanding our operations into Canada and had to travel to ensure all of our computer network equipment was installed properly and on time .	26	Past
We look to it to challenge the UK Government , to ensure that the private sector , which surely must be providing the major impetus for Structural Funds expenditure , is involved in the planning stage .	1	Present
Quinn decided he would be less vulnerable in another spot and removed himself to the waiting room .	1	Past
I enjoy going there although i 've only been there once , i will be returning toda to recieve a pair of french tips and i will only go to the best and to me the best is here .	15	Present
His father Mohamed El-Hassan Mohamed said he was taking his entire family to the U.N. headquarters in New York , because international dignitaries wanted to meet with his son and express their support .	8	Present
i am going to my grandma s in north carolina and we are going camping in a cabin in west virginia .	1	Present
Have you heard if the Kinga has had little Brian II yet ?	2	Past
Mrs Weasley came to a halt in front of them , her hands on her hips , staring from one guilty face to the next .	17	Present
I completely enjoyed my whole check in experience and was impressed with the friendliness and professionalism of the staff as well as the accommodations themselves .	9	Past
If a schema is specified while exporting from Access , then the XML documents created are considered to be valid XML documents .	14	Past
These visitors are sometimes treated as if they were the heroes of an Arabian Nights ' tale .	2	Present
This makes it necessary to also take account of the ways in which materials and packaging are affected by cold of this kind .	1	Present
I seem to be going out , he said to himself .	4	Present
I would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure I have of unexercised vested options .	12	Present
Wikinews interviews Israeli mathematician and writer Aner Shalev	1	Present
Auster looked the check over carefully and nodded .	7	Past
Airfare alone will be incredibly expensive so make sure you have the money and of course free time to take your time and have a great time .	10	Present
He had been staring absent-mindedly into the hedge – and the hedge was staring back .	13	Present
This is called ideation .	2	Past
The doctor has an injection gun and while my mother is focused on my daughter , she puts it firmly against my mother ’s arm and puts the chip in .	26	Present
Labor shifted from farming to mining .	1	Past
if you do n't mind being robbed , cheated or lied to then this is the company for you .	10	Past
" If somebody ca n't handle a Twitter account , they ca n't handle the nuclear codes , " Obama mocked .	20	Past
The dolphins eat the fish that have PCBs from the plankton , and those PCBs , being fat-soluble , accumulate in these dolphins .	19	Present
You have to pay CASH ONLY before they start unloading track on your destination .	8	Present
why is enron blowing up ?	3	Present
This is a Ralph 's	1	Present
The smartphone generation received an app it deserved , where , in the best case scenario , the most idiotic situation received an audience of millions .	3	Past
also make sure you print this out NOW , so you can get the information off of it , as you will need it .	4	Present
everywhere one looks , it seems , there are deep-seated problems .	8	Present
If the House agrees , I shall do as Mr Evans has suggested .	3	Present
I did n't know that I did n't register him in the ridiculous amount of paperwork I had filled out in the hospital and was supposed to go to city hall within 90 days .	25	Past
There is an emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to AMI , the publisher of the National Enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to Jennifer Lopez enclosing a Star of David and proposing marriage .	1	Present
Living out of synch with nature is the great disease , from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness .	13	Present
Indoor cats that are well cared for typically live 11 - 15 years .	3	Present
The central space was used to observe the rising of the sun and full moon .	4	Past
I believe that offering this right to fork has been a key element of our success thus far .	8	Present
The ship lay unloaded and demurrage fees mounted in brief , a holdup by local racketeers .	2	Past
In quick summary , Beyond Control , a local band in our area , is sponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run out .	14	Present
However , Proust wrote later in life that the contemporary fashion to rank Balzac higher than Tolstoy was " madness .	17	Past
It was the mango season , and there were the saffron-yellow sabres of the pips , sucked hairy , everywhere where people passed .	22	Past
Also , Beardies often do not eat food that is not moving , so it s anyone 's guess whether or not he 'll touch the freeze - dried crickets or the processed food .	28	Past
I du n no how they did it , but Scottish friends --- this is THE REAL DEAL .	6	Past
but food is always available and it is consistently good .	7	Present
so any price you find , DOUBLE IT figure , $ 40 K at least .	4	Present
in the end , however , it pays to differentiate .	7	Present
The world – and by extension the UK – is facing a shortage of people with the skills needed to mount an effective defence .	9	Present
I guess those guns will be located enroute to Venezuela or found in storage there by one of the US 's local stooges and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two .	1	Present
And if a tree was not a tree , he wondered what it really was .	14	Past
The Coalition decision to provoke a fight with Muqtada al - Sadr 's movement only three months before the Coalition Provisional Authority goes out of business has to be seen as a form of gross incompetence in governance .	22	Present
He only pretended to be .	2	Past
The accident occurred at a time when the mosque was relatively uncrowded .	2	Past
No use telling you much about that .	2	Present
If i were you I would Go ...	2	Past
absolutely fantastic experience getting my iphone upgraded at Zion ...	6	Past
Also , for the thing to work you need to have many dedicated volunteers willing to do the management ( onerous ) and many willing to do the reading .	8	Present
Harry looked at the cover of Mrs Weasley 's book .	1	Past
Alternatively the snitch can be a small yellow ball ( tennis balls work great ) that is hidden before the game starts by a bystander or referee .	17	Past
They sit by the gates asking alms , then whine avoidance of them &amp; horror .	1	Present
What we are proposing specifically is a unified capital tax , which would make it possible to boost the funds used to support the harmonisation of social protection systems and the reduction of working hours at European level .	5	Present
8 . Where is the defined term Govt Authority used ?	3	Present
He pointed excitedly at the tenpound notes in Mr Granger 's hand .	1	Past
Stored in an underground vault at Gringotts in London was a small fortune that his parents had left him .	17	Past
When someone comes in , say , " I 've got this , " before you push all of the buttons .	16	Present
they followed best practices for anatomical preservation .	1	Past
Civet cats are trapped and placed in small cages inside darkened sheds , where the temperature is kept up to 110 F by fires .	17	Past
If the button is not selected , selecting new items to filter automatically turns filtering on and removes your former filter settings .	5	Past
Supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening , but I 'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal .	13	Present
So that , as they say in Chicago , is where the smart money is .	5	Present
As they stared at each other , Harry heard Dudley 's voice from the hall .	8	Past
ESAI contributes oil and gas input price forecasts , capacity judgments , and " herding " ideas to develop power price forecasts for same time periods .	1	Present
He was exchanged in November 1780 and served on General George Washington 's staff for the remainder of the American Revolution .	2	Past
I am well aware that this was also the aim of Parliament 's work .	1	Present
let me know if you have any interest in the Tco - Pool Leach swap for the winter .	5	Present
The following illustration shows how the PivotTable view will look after the captions of the custom group field and custom groups have been changed .	23	Past
This is a significant strategic change and it applies strong pressure on the terrorist countries .	1	Present
It is right on the hustle and bustle of Wisconsin Ave but some might miss it as it is nestled in between Subway Sandwiches and Modell 's .	18	Present
There is a risk that observers underestimate the time that Al Qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and development .	6	Present
In a few words ... I 'm pleasantly surprised that you can still find " old school " service out there where company care more about good name and customers than their pockets ...	6	Present
Argentina and Venezuela have run out of heterodox policy tricks .	4	Past
Once he has properly settled down , got use to the new smells and noises he will be fine .	7	Past
If space is minimal , or you are keeping him in there to be kept away from other pets , then I can understand why you would choose to keep him there .	14	Past
the Pole who had danced the gazatska became the man with whom he gravitated to a quiet corner so that they could talk about the curious grammar-structure of Gala and the Lambala group of languages .	7	Past
i have tried putting him in a small container and putting him in a dark place for an hour or so and he wo n't touch the pinky .	1	Present
No matter what state I am in when I arrive , I always leave feeling better .	5	Present
For your joke to be funny , it has to surprise the audience in some way , which means it has to seem original or new .	20	Present
There are a couple decent people working there , but the rest are VERY dishonest , as well as rude , I have yet to hear the truth come out of their mouths .	1	Present
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language .	7	Past
Does Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version ?	18	Past
" I hope that industry , if put to the test , can do better [ than the government ] , but I do not expect it , " Griffin added .	2	Present
IF YOU WANT A LITTLE CAJUNISH FOOD - IT IS GOOD .	9	Present
The dancers were falling back round a Polish agriculturalist who was teaching a gangling Englishman and two young Africans an Eastern European peasant dance .	3	Present
So Bush stopped flying .	2	Past
The book , he says , was written in Arabic by Cid Hamete Benengali .	4	Present
US - trained Malaysian biochemist Yazid Sufaat met with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers in January 2000 .	2	Past
( Newsweek reported that Bush commanded his cabinet , " Let heads roll ! " )	2	Past
The sauce was dry and the enchiladas did not taste good . at all .	2	Past
Let us know your thoughts on this document and if you are comfortable with our using this until such time as the hybrid form is launched .	24	Present
Since 2007 the Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program has seeded university art galleries throughout the United States with over 28,000 Andy Warhol photographs and other artifacts .	8	Present
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they had n’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .	13	Past
It set the basis for integration where the economic and judicial mechanisms of the state could be applied throughout the Mediterranean as was once done from Latium into all Italy .	17	Past
I have lots of containers in there .	1	Present
Good afternoon , said Quinn .	3	Past
I hope they will be rejected because they are really the epitome of what Parliament is not able to do .	15	Present
And if you have n't heard by now , the roster of suspected terrorists has not a Tom , Dick or Harry among them :	14	Present
WHY : Today is John 's last day at EBS .	3	Present
Overall , it is not a good solution , but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it .	3	Present
It 's a yoyo , he answered , opening his hand to show him .	6	Past
I 'm staying away from the stock .	1	Present
The Rev. Gerald Robinson appeared stony - faced as the jury 's guilty verdict was read , and he blinked repeatedly and glanced at his lawyers before being led away in handcuffs .	4	Past
but during the 18 th century , critics began to respond to Shakespeare on his own terms and acclaim what they termed his natural genius .	21	Past
Your mom just called and said your dad 's surgery will be at 2:30 p.m .	3	Past
This was in my third year of Biology study I think .	10	Present
Dobby made a funny choking noise and then banged his head madly against the wall .	8	Past
and yet , as if by conscious design , he kept to a narrowly circumscribed area , bounded on the north by Riverside Park , and on the east by Amsterdam Avenue .	10	Past
and I said , YES , CENTER CITY PHILLY , and he says , NO , Warwick is a township , If you 're at a Radison in Warwick that s too far , try dominos in Pottstown .	17	Present
They may however be applied beyond the period specified in the first paragraph as long as the relevant commitments have not been fulfilled .	21	Past
Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .	30	Past
We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying , " was I got ta have it ! "	27	Past
I wanted to let you know about this before I respond to her request .	1	Past
Filter settings are retained when you move fields to change the layout .	6	Present
Winter and darkness here but in Cambridge , perhaps , there 's already spring yelling its head off ?	11	Present
They have acquired Urchin , Zipdash , Applied Semantics , Picasa , Blogger , and satellite imaging company Keyhole , so why not Firefox ?	2	Past
The radar system for which Alvarez is best known and which has played a major role in aviation , most particularly in the post war Berlin airlift , was Ground Controlled Approach ( GCA ) .	6	Present
I took a tip from Carri and looked up Rat ASCII's on Google .	1	Past
Attorney General Ashcroft explained that an " either - or " approach is not useful .	3	Past
Rooms start from 500 per double .	1	Present
They 've knocked out a wall into that sort of yard thing and they have dancing .	15	Present
A Swedish study has shown that animals seldom , if at all , land after the 2 month breeding period .	4	Past
The shop was great , the service was excellent and the employees were fun guys .	2	Past
Unless the tank has a built in overflow box ( which I 'm certain it does n't ) then you have to get one of those hang on back overflow boxes so that you can install a sump .	15	Present
Mr Weasley took Harry 's glasses , gave them a tap of his wand and returned them , good as new .	15	Past
Is the solution a democratic Arab world ?	0	Present
It is quite clear that many people within Wales are looking to the European Structural Funds programme to alleviate some of the great difficulties that we undoubtedly face .	9	Present
" My father is collecting those stories from different peoples .	4	Present
We hope that those considering rejection of these amendments have very powerful reasons to offer to both Parliament and their citizens who are seeking employment .	9	Present
I 'm sure that you can find some hotels that are running in the christchurch area , but if not then there would be some in close by towns .	1	Present
His artworks were selected and exhibited in British Museum in 2002 .	3	Past
P.S. - I am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause .	4	Present
he has n't eaten in an entire month .	1	Present
I am really proud of her .	1	Present
Do you strip every woman because one pretended to be pregnant and carried a suicide bomb on her belly ?	12	Past
It is especially important to get SMEs involved in the planning and implementation of programmes .	7	Past
cats react to the treatment they receive , they are not toys .	6	Present
If in dongle you mean USB stick then yes USB sticks are the same any were you go :) hope that answered your question .	4	Present
It 's all in the air .	1	Present
Sails are not represented in prehistoric Mesoamerican iconography or texts , instead , it is theorized that canoes were used as a primary mode of water transportation for the ancient Maya .	19	Past
also i was wondering , is it true that the bigger the speakers are the better .	2	Past
In June 2012 , the Icelandic band Sigur Rós released a video for the song " Fjögur Píanó " , starring LaBeouf , in which he appears nude .	26	Present
" Most striking is the disappointing performance of Soviet foreign and domestic policy since the late 1950s , " they wrote in 1972 .	3	Present
We are so disappointed because we have dropped six points playing at home .	6	Present
Besides , the wooing power of flowery , gushing compliments is diminished ( to say the least ) when the compliments are displayed in a tiny box at the bottom of the screen alongside cartoon smiley faces .	11	Past
You know I am not used to such ceremonies , and there was something ominous in the atmosphere .	1	Present
USI 's exhibit , which is located in Evansville , Indiana , is to run from January 23 through March 9 .	12	Present
When you copy an interior horizontal line , the new line is halfway between the line you copied and the line below the line you copied .	25	Past
My first visit was so fun yesterday .	3	Past
If in dongle you mean USB stick then yes USB sticks are the same any were you go :) hope that answered your question .	19	Present
A third - party majority is needed , specifically the votes of 367 MPs ( out of 550 ) , whereas 330 votes are required in order to trigger a referendum .	6	Past
What was left in place was a $ 250 price cap established five months earlier .	2	Past
The blockage of Villeneuve 's fleet resulted in giving up the invasion plan of the British Isles , also because new developments were taking place in the continent .	22	Past
( I hope that the US army got an enormous amount of information from her relatives , because otherwise this move was a bad , bad tradeoff ) .	2	Present
We then called the office and the man we spoke to said he 'd send someone out to look at it but could n't promise when - two weeks came and went and we heard nothing .	29	Past
When a child is born in Canada the birth is registered before the baby can leave the hospital .	10	Past
You order at the counter and there is a space for tip on your credit card receipt .	1	Present
She fell in love with him right away , not knowing that , at 31 , he had a reputation as a womanizer .	17	Past
I do n't know about this ... but the pale Cockney who was teaching him to take over his job said , That 's okay , chum , it 's our ole friend Mr. Kabata .	13	Present
your lineatus are already spawning .	2	Present
In theory , market - determined currency values are supposed to isolate the domestic economy from the vagaries of international finance , rising when money floods in and falling when the flows are reversed .	25	Present
When we adopt the Minutes for today 's sitting tomorrow , then any Members who think the positions have not been explained clearly enough may ask for amendments .	15	Present
Susanna had married a physician , John Hall , in 1607 , and Judith had married Thomas Quiney , a vintner , two months before Shakespeare 's death .	2	Past
After you have had the chance to review the attached , please send me a marked - up draft and we can discuss our concerns from there .	15	Past
In the core of the city , named avenues run north / south and are named after US cities , generally in repeating alphabetical order ( for example , Winston - Yale - Allegheny - Braden ) .	9	Present
The reason he said he did n't put that nail in was because he " did n't want to risk it " with my horse 's horrible feet .	11	Past
I have ate here 3 times since they first opened , and the service has been poor each time , the staff always comes across as somewhat rude and slow .	9	Past
Note that this communication is confidential , covered by CA 's settlement rules .	4	Present
As Brian Jenkins once said , " terrorism is theater . "	8	Present
