My amendments concern the frost - resistance ratings for tankers carrying these dangerous goods .	6	Singular
Magazines constantly change their policy on it ; they want it , they do n't want it ...	0	Plural
But we also want to create a range of additional incentives , for instance through the ten-year market exclusivity right .	1	Plural
Transmission Expansion and Systems in Transition Conference Feb. 5 - 8 , 2002 , Miami , Florida	3	Singular
Dear Judges , Lawyers , Policemen , Guards , Counselors , Taxpayers , et. al. ,	5	Plural
A number of extremist groups , under the cover of the Islamist movement , have become active in drug trafficking , gun running and anti-Indian activities .	1	Singular
The food is always fresh and delicious .	2	Singular
Since Debbie is a client too , I think I 'll just mail them to your home unless you prefer otherwise .	1	Singular
One Rohingya , Muhammad Amin , the first boat rescued on Friday was turned around twice , toward Malaysia by Indonesian navy and then toward Indonesia by Malaysian navy .	12	Singular
Just east of Broadway and continuing north and south is Oakland 's famous Chinatown , and that to get the real essence of " Chinatown , " Oakland rather than San Francisco is your best bet .	31	Singular
It is too beautiful altogether , and if they were to set it up it would go to pieces before the first sunset .	8	Plural
Any use of the work other than as authorized under this license or copyright law is prohibited .	15	Singular
For God 's sake , Timothy , stop baring your teeth and sink them into something .	5	Singular
Anime	0	Singular
If it covered ball games as badly as it reviews books , the fans would storm it like the Bastille .	19	Singular
In the Middle Ages , most Christians did not have access to the Bible in their mother tongue .	3	Plural
The only way for visitors to travel to the Chathams is via scheduled or chartered air service .	10	Singular
We four affectionately watched his back as he stood in the bows looking to seaward .	4	Singular
The bartender is a douchebag and he has a little console behind the bar where he can delete songs he does n't like , and you end up paying for it .	7	Singular
Michael Gapinski Account Vice President Emery Financial Group PaineWebber , Inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 Fax : 713-654-1281 Cell : 281-435-0295	8	Singular
I would rate Fran pcs an A + because the price was lower than everyone else , i got my computer back the next day , and the professionalism he showed was great .	14	Singular
Meanwhile , his place in tribune was occupied by Marco Antonio , who held the position until December .	9	Singular
The hyperlink in this topic goes to the Web .	8	Singular
It is a daily routine to hear the same leader making opposite statements in Arabic to his people and in English to the rest of the world .	14	Singular
Once the Office Web Components are installed , users who have access to an Office 2002 license will be able to interact with and make changes to the components .	3	Singular
Open a blank ' notepad ' file and place your cursor at the top of the blank page .	17	Singular
I did not have a good experience w / Dr. Ghassemlou .	10	Singular
Developing countries have a lot to gain from attracting multinational firms .	1	Plural
Is it someone on your team or someone from CEC ?	7	Singular
A coalition forces spokesman confirmed they had not received " any weapons from Bosnia " and added they were " not aware of any purchases for Iraq from Bosnia " .	3	Singular
I 'll need to ponder .	0	Singular
This is where the socio - political aspect of this conundrum comes into play .	9	Singular
As far as the call with Uncle Ben goes , if he was thrilled to hear from me I could n't tell by his voice .	4	Singular
However , in April 2001 , the IAEA published Fifteen Years after the Chernobyl Accident - Lessons learned . which contradict the earlier reports .	7	Singular
Athens hosted the 2004 Summer Olympic Games .	0	Singular
" When the characters reappear " , notes Rogers , " they do not step out of nowhere ;	7	Singular
Alexanian said to Pablo Casals after a performance of some of the suites , You made three bad mistakes .	4	Singular
Recently , Russian president Vladimir Putin bluntly stated that Iran is not developing its nuclear capability for any reasons beyond peaceful energy creation , and pledged to continue assisting Iran in this endeavor .	29	Singular
it s a gift from my brother .	5	Singular
As a parent , I can well imagine how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning .	10	Singular
Like Iran , Syria 's military is nothing to scoff at .	3	Singular
In a few words ... I 'm pleasantly surprised that you can still find " old school " service out there where company care more about good name and customers than their pockets ...	29	Plural
best quote ever My gate was stuck halfway open so I called A CLASS Garage Doors Dr Services .	10	Singular
In a highly significant move Afghan Pashtun tribes along the Pakistan border warned the Taliban in Quetta and Chaman that if they try and disrupt the elections , they would be resisted .	26	Plural
As a result , research and development in genetic engineering is more expensive , discouraging investment and hampering innovation .	15	Singular
I do n't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it 's getting to be an issue .	15	Singular
After founders - Stanford graduate students Sergey Brin and Larry Page presented their project to an angel investor , they received a cheque made out to ' Google '	1	Plural
Cheese was falling off , so oily and greasy .	1	Singular
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking to recreate Mohammed 's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on Egyptian leaders .	3	Plural
You wo n't be tripping over boxes and you can have a better idea of what you have and where things are .	20	Plural
He should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark - skinned foreigners want extradited , CIA operative Michael Meiring .	14	Plural
As time went on , I came out with books and CDs , and I became used to that kind of thing .	5	Singular
On par with Google Adwords on a cost - per - lead and cost - per - customer basis .	11	Singular
We do n’t have any rules or known lines we wo n’t cross .	9	Plural
The bravest of modern writers are the Mandelstams and the Sinyavskys .	7	Plural
The service is poor ...	2	Singular
Watch out for the bottom stair , it creaks , Harry whispered back , as the twins disappeared onto the dark landing .	8	Singular
I came to La Crosse to go to college , and my mom would send me birthday flowers though here .	16	Singular
The airport offers free short term parking ( first half-hour free ) .	5	Singular
In fact , all hell broke loose in some municipalities in my province .	4	Singular
Environment Canada	1	Singular
In this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to transact on EnronOnline almost a month after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now complaining .	22	Singular
Quantum mechanics offers a fitting metaphor .	3	Singular
I found her through a colleague one day when one of my clients was in the midst of a panic attack and needed professional help that I am not qualified to provide .	24	Singular
Groups : misc.consumers	2	Plural
Ask him or her about work or school , his / her interests , or any recent trips , for instance .	7	Singular
I 'm still trying to find out what it will take to move gas on and ENA tabs agreement .	0	Singular
I was on my way to my wedding fearing death , basically . "	1	Singular
Midtown Reston has great location and luxurious environment .	0	Singular
It 's really difficult to find a place that is absolutely dark and accessible to you when you 're outside .	0	Singular
You could also keep adjusting your shirt or your hair , keeping a running dialogue about what look is best for you .	9	Singular
This is a $ 200 million increase over what NASA received for fiscal year 2004 .	1	Singular
The detrimental effect of ROS on spores was easy to measure .	6	Plural
They 're our favorite pizza place to order from ... and they 're a local , family owned company !	18	Singular
Her major works include the aquatic centre for the London 2012 Olympics , Michigan State University 's Broad Art Museum in the US , and the Guangzhou Opera House in China .	28	Singular
Babe 's 185 Bridge Plaza North , tel : 1 201 944-6800 .	5	Singular
The cool breezes from the Gulf of Mexico drift into Mérida in the evenings and this is when many of the residents spend their time outdoors .	7	Singular
sorry for not sending it to you earlier ( totally forgot to open my outlook ) .	14	Singular
By the way , I am interested in re-looking at a Picasso ( although we have 2 ) that your gallery had a couple of years ago .	4	Singular
WHEREAS , a body of men calling themselves the National Congress are now in session in Washington City , in violation of our Imperial edict of the 12th of October last , declaring the said Congress abolished ;	17	Singular
Long after his death , similar structures were built in the form of the San Francisco – Oakland Bay Bridge and the Transbay Tube , and there have been campaigns to rename the bridge " The Emperor Norton Bridge " .	23	Singular
He had been there almost an hour , and the time was approaching for his call to Virginia Stillman .	18	Singular
On the other end of the sump , you would have a small return pump with a hose that puts the water back into your tank .	21	Singular
My friend John Auerbach comes up from Caesarea to see me .	2	Singular
George handed the hairpin to Ron and a moment later , Hedwig had soared joyfully out of the window to glide alongside them like a ghost .	5	Singular
With regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with , do we not want to add the Canadian provinces new " eligible swap participant " equivalant rules ?	30	Singular
It is important to note that there is also a departure tax of CUC 25 , to be paid in cash when departing Cuba by airplane ; this is not required for boat departures .	10	Singular
So in a way people often do n't know how to combine the two fields .	3	Singular
The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .	13	Singular
Went there yesterday : we are trying to decide between two different Honda models , so we wanted to test - drive both back to back .	4	Plural
We also love their Egg Rolls and Spring Rolls .	4	Singular
I had immense pain on a Sunday morning , with friends and family telling me that I would never find a Dentist on a Sunday .	24	Singular
" When a chicken or another animal with this tendency becomes frightened , its heart rate lowers and it stops moving .	6	Singular
We envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order , filing , etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information .	21	Singular
Cleveland is the urban center of Northeast Ohio , the 15th largest combined metropolitan area in the United States .	14	Singular
IN MY OPINION SHOULD OF JUST TOOK OFF THE PRICE OF THE WINGS FROM THE BILL .	2	Singular
I think 90 percent of the tenants are smokers !	0	Singular
As you know , like Mr Rack , I come from a transit country , where this issue plays a particularly important role .	12	Singular
The beverage is priced at US $ 8.00 , and upon an order for it , the bartender will recount for the customer the definition of the santorum neologism .	28	Singular
The Cunha report on multiannual guidance programmes comes before Parliament on Thursday and contains a proposal in paragraph 6 that a form of quota penalties should be introduced for countries which fail to meet their fleet reduction targets annually .	6	Plural
With the onset of the automobile , public officials reduced the city 's public transportation services without foreseeing the traffic gridlock and smog that would menace the city by the 1980s .	8	Plural
For more information on the theory behind later modes check out this gimp video tutorial : http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/gimp-video-tutorial-how-to-convert.html	11	Singular
You can somewhat reduce your vulnerability by preventive and defensive measures and by strict border controls but not eliminate it and definitely not win the war in a defensive way .	29	Singular
Try the 360 restraunt u spin in the cn tower with a beautiful view the sky pod elevator is about an hour line up in the summer	8	Singular
President George W Bush , who has cut his holiday two days short , has called on Americans to donate to the Red Cross or other organisations .	14	Singular
I also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of services that I did not need .	10	Singular
" " Balzac 's characters " , Robb notes , " were as real to him as if he were observing them in the outside world .	4	Plural
Do you have a tel # for Mike ?	7	Singular
Angry crowds chanted anti-American slogans in the western city of Falluja ( pop. 256,000 ) as the security police killed in a friendly fire incident by US troops were buried on Saturday .	4	Plural
Canadian student visa , can I used for other schools ?	9	Plural
The European Union is not a military organization .	2	Singular
I have two cats , and at first they hissed at each other because cats are very territorial , but now they do fight and play .	21	Plural
In a recent interview , Zay and Zayion described recording their version of “ Knuck If You Buck ” on a home laptop .	21	Singular
An international contest of cartoons on the Holocaust opened in Tehran in response to the publication in Western papers last September of caricatures of the Prophet Mohammed .	7	Singular
There were other faces from the past ;	6	Singular
Many people have argued that a US - based Al Qaeda operative is behind the earlier Fall 2001 anthrax mailings in the US , and that the mailings served as a threat and warning .	1	Plural
You have heard , of course , that the Ministry is conducting more raids , said Mr Malfoy , taking a roll of parchment from his inside pocket and unravelling it for Mr Borgin to read .	27	Singular
I said great and Dan arrived on time at 10 am to make the repair .	14	Singular
It is no exaggeration to say that HBO ’s Game of Thrones is more than just a television series or a successful brand :	3	Singular
Water is the main killer in these storms .	0	Singular
First of if i went alone on a regular cabin how much would you estimate it would be just a guess .	3	Singular
If a Turkish employee quits , then the Turkish work councils come .	4	Singular
I 'm planning my trip to Asia and S. Korea is one of the destinations .	6	Singular
You could also keep adjusting your shirt or your hair , keeping a running dialogue about what look is best for you .	17	Singular
I really have n't thought about writing a book .	8	Singular
" Would n't it be the most horrible of ironies if the Jews had collected themselves conveniently in one country for a second Holocaust ? "	15	Plural
If you need a cater that is affordable and easy to work with they are the ones .	4	Singular
I agree that the European Parliament did not have the opportunity - or that it was not given the opportunity , as we had reached the end of the parliamentary term - to discuss the Directives .	14	Singular
It is exceptionally rich in minerals , containing large deposits of gold , diamonds , and ores of manganese , lead , zinc , nickel , cobalt and molybdenum .	24	Singular
Made an appointment to have them come to the house to discuss curtain options and give an estimate .	5	Plural
Her captain was a Swede , and knowing me for a seaman , invited me on the bridge .	8	Singular
I enjoyed my tour and i am looking for adventure tour and India heritage tours for valuable .	3	Singular
5 kg per gun , 200,000 guns means 1000 tonnes , impossible for 4 containers .	6	Plural
or were they actually fighting ?	2	Plural
And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka .	15	Singular
The invoice is not detailed , so it is difficult to see what you are paying for .	7	Singular
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to give me a call .	11	Singular
It is literally monkey see and monkey do with them .	3	Singular
maintain strong prudential controls on capital flows , or be prepared to invest a large share of resources in self - insurance by accumulating large foreign reserves .	13	Singular
– ' you must , ' he said in agitation , ' go and see the general manager at once .	17	Singular
They are currently working on a bid ( due 1/31 ) for the Medusa project which involves Murphy ( operator ) , Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks # 538 and # 582 .	0	Plural
The first ( n = 31 ) participated in the intervention , the control group ( n = 40 ) was only evaluated using the test before and after the same time interval of interventions .	3	Singular
Katie Kaplan Manager of Policy IEP ( 916 ) 448-9499	1	Singular
Here , cars are absolutely necessary , and he 'd have to have one , too .	2	Plural
40 - Percentage of wealth in the United States held by the richest 1 per cent of the population .	18	Singular
There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value .	3	Singular
Harry wiped his forehead on his sleeve as Draco turned away .	2	Singular
At the moment , Germany has a massive surplus in its balance of trade with the rest of the Union , something like 25 billion .	5	Singular
I pray that you understand our plight .	0	Singular
Here we need financial starvation of the organizing elite , more power to women , more education , counter-propaganda , boycott whenever feasible and access to Western media , internet and the international scene .	29	Singular
If both your primary and reserve chutes have malfunctioned , signal immediately to a fellow jumper who has not yet deployed their chute , waving your arms and signalling that your own is not functional .	21	Plural
During the first stages of Romanization , the peninsula was divided in two by the Romans for administrative purposes .	18	Plural
Floating Amount = ( Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating Price ) - USD [ 38,000 ? ]	7	Singular
Creative Commons makes no warranties regarding the information provided , and disclaims liability for damages resulting from its use .	4	Plural
On September 9 , 2002 , Aldrin was lured to a Beverly Hills hotel on the pretext of being interviewed for a Japanese children 's television show on the subject of space .	26	Singular
It was a no brainer really .	4	Singular
He was great by this little thing that it was impossible to tell what could control such a man .	6	Singular
Had Harry been stupid to take Dobby seriously ?	1	Singular
even if they did , our risk is limited to the premium , not some big payout .	6	Singular
Please let me know what time we could meet .	6	Plural
I did n't end up buying my car here , but I did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me .	19	Singular
There are no clearly defined rules governing the sharing of responsibility .	10	Singular
Those females , they 're not trying to .	4	Plural
I 've known the guy for about 10 years .	0	Singular
Musharraf has always maintained that the US has never provided actionable intelligence about Taliban leaders hiding in Baluchistan .	14	Plural
The Fallujah fighting has killed fair numbers of Iraqi noncombatants , including Shaikh Abdul Wahhab al - Janabi of the respected Association of Muslim Scholars .	15	Singular
We elected to not do the EPM test because there was NO neurological signs .	7	Singular
yes do not hold any animal s mouth shut it wil close their air way , he s just a kitty and they are very rambunctious , get him toys .	9	Singular
Am I scheduled to attend ?	0	Singular
I would NEVER recommend this gym to anyone and unfortunately this is based solely on the owner 's own unprofessionalism .	11	Singular
In 1623 , in conjunction with the publication of the First Folio , the Droeshout engraving was published .	11	Singular
Along with Zawahiri , Abdel Rahman and his two sons have had considerable influence over Bin Laden .	9	Plural
Give me a few days , and I 'll be in touch .	11	Singular
SELECT asterisk FROM Customers WHERE Country Like U %	5	Singular
With population growth , new indigenous quarters were created .	6	Plural
What we are proposing specifically is a unified capital tax , which would make it possible to boost the funds used to support the harmonisation of social protection systems and the reduction of working hours at European level .	34	Singular
Feels like you are in Brooklyn , but people watching is entertaining .	10	Singular
Pierre Charles L'Enfant ,	0	Singular
and it seems this is the FIRST site of ragnarok 2 hahaha since the site is new send me your suggestions and comments	15	Singular
Drove all the way over from the highway ... closed at 7 .	7	Singular
Brought my wife Deb with me and she like the Fried Crab Wontons and said they were good ..	15	Plural
It should not be left in the hands of a man who spent his life like this .	0	Singular
Four in 10 adults have been injured due to bad weather while nine in 10 underestimate how chilly Britain can get in the winter time .	23	Singular
if this seems incredibly far-fetched , comfort yourself that double chute failure in modern times is also extremely unlikely , and that you have already beaten worse odds .	15	Singular
It is the only cycle to be preserved in purpose-built surroundings in the UK , and one of very few of its kind in the world .	10	Plural
I never got a price quote over the phone and they take your cc info just to make the appointment because if you do n't show up , they 'll charge you .	5	Singular
If you want to plant the basil in a container , make sure it 's large enough to accommodate the number of plants you 're growing ;	13	Singular
I say , NO , I am at the RADISON WARWICK HOTEL in Rittenhouse Square .	0	Singular
As he passed the door to the living room , Harry caught a glimpse of Uncle Vernon and Dudley in bow-ties and dinner jackets .	1	Singular
Walking out last night , Kevin Presto indicated that there were games being played in ERCOT with the new market rules and prices in certain markets were not reflective of working markets .	5	Singular
Zawahiri argued instead that they have been active since the assassination of Anwar Sadat in Egypt because of the Camp David Accord and the resulting peace treaty between Egypt and Israel .	28	Singular
Blount 's support of the party led him to be appointed Richard Nixon 's postmaster general .	14	Singular
He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .	20	Singular
In the shot from the back , the crumpled bottom of the curtain is pretty noticeable as well as the power outlet .	9	Singular
Nobody should feel a looser in Afghanistan , ’’ President Hamid Karzai told Pakistan ’s English daily The Nation .	16	Singular
West Coast hot spots like Seattle , Portland , San Francisco , Los Angeles or San Diego .	13	Singular
This is now my fourth week and I have made a total of $ 42,000.00 and it 's still coming rapidly .	5	Singular
Attached is the revised draft paper that reflects our conference call with Bob Fagan earlier this week .	10	Singular
Do you have a view on how we might be able to achieve this goal ?	14	Singular
There have been some issues with getting everything coordinated lately and I wanted to make sure that we knew who was on point .	17	Plural
The Romantics , in particular , acclaimed Shakespeare 's genius , and the Victorians worshipped Shakespeare with a reverence that George Bernard Shaw called " bardolatry " .	18	Singular
If they ask how much I 'm willing to pay , what is a good price range ?	15	Singular
Also , I would like to continue our dialague regarding creating an Energy - Finance Private Equity Fund at UT .	8	Singular
But right now it s the most convenient thing to do .	3	Singular
Is the drink popular ?	2	Singular
The only agreement I can find is a Master Sale Spot w / City of Springfield .	8	Singular
In this delivery format , your body can immediately start receiving the benefits of the product components as the absorption of vitamins , minerals and nutrients is maximized .	12	Plural
In the past , it had sometimes comforted him to make the world disappear .	12	Singular
Yet , this is no comparison to the advancements you 'll make overall , and by the end of 2005 , you 'll look back in sheer wonder and happiness .	8	Plural
They treat there employees with respect and concern and expect that they will extend the same politeness to there customers .	5	Singular
If anyone wants the complete article , email me , as it is a very good article which no meat - eater can read and not sense their own hypocrisy .	27	Plural
That 's a tragedy for those populations , but it 's also a tragedy for the people eating them because they don't know that that 's toxic meat .	10	Singular
For instance , you might say something like , " I do n't know why every song on the radio nowadays has a Texas Flynn feature . Does he even have time to record between rehab stints ? "	27	Singular
Cranmore Dental and Implant Clinic : I could not recommend Dr David Nelson enough .	4	Singular
you will need to get his box and bowls , and whatever blanket and toys are his , and smell like home , and put him in a room .	14	Plural
Surprisingly , this little strip mall restaurant has the best sushi I 've found in the Tampa area .	16	Singular
I really want to like this place since I work right around the corner .	0	Singular
If you do add all the entities , does that mean that we would not need to put in place a separate agreement for ECCL ?	6	Plural
Change there to the 13 line toward " Chatillon Montrouge " and take it until the " Montparnasse Bienvenue " station .	8	Singular
The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly and informative and answered any question I had .	1	Singular
It has seen a period of decline between the 1960s and the more recent past .	0	Singular
I am pleased to confirm that the Commission has received the report to which the honourable Member refers .	0	Singular
Try living in Sydney on a teacher 's salary , then compare it to somewhere like Central Otago .	6	Singular
It would still give him room to progress in the current job group should he not be promoted .	11	Singular
The first challenge that we have before can do any kind of analysis of these interstellar dust particles is simply to find them .	18	Singular
He had been visited that day by Victor Hugo , who later served as pallbearer and eulogist at Balzac 's funeral .	14	Singular
The centre of the falls is known locally as ‘ Garganta Del Diablo ’ ( The Devil ’s Throat ) , where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air .	27	Singular
i think they could get their asses kicked by cats .	6	Plural
In a few words ... I 'm pleasantly surprised that you can still find " old school " service out there where company care more about good name and customers than their pockets ...	32	Plural
Synergies between this Directive and the existing Community instruments should contribute to increasing their respective impacts and building coherent requirements for manufacturers to apply .	0	Plural
The receptionist of " Hand made " , the former film making company of George Harrison said : " we do n't have any relation with that man anymore and we do n't want to know anything about him " .	38	Singular
After the Compromise , Emperor and King Franz Joseph I. took great care to treat both of his monarchies equally .	7	Singular
We need to change the Prod Description fro the LME Product .	6	Singular
It was for sale in a couple of galleries in SF and was about $ 20,000 .	1	Singular
I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it : I do n't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says .	22	Singular
Unfortunately , a family emergency required me to conquer this fear .	6	Singular
We have a Full Color Catalog and Wholesale Price List ready to mail to you today !	5	Singular
The study in question focuses on the attention , proposing and evaluation in the context of the classroom .	4	Singular
Image : Nick Moreau .	0	Singular
Under our Constitution , this nomination can not take effect unless and until the United States Senate gives its Consent , as described in our Constitution , Article II , Section 2 .	24	Plural
A pair of military pilots embarked on China 's second manned space flight early today , hurtling into orbit on a test mission that could span five days .	21	Singular
Therefore , he can not be the author .	2	Singular
What are your thoughts about Rick Santorum ’s views on gay rights ?	11	Plural
They say , " You know what you smell ? " .	8	Plural
These can be bought at garden centers or purchased online .	0	Plural
" I hope that industry , if put to the test , can do better [ than the government ] , but I do not expect it , " Griffin added .	1	Singular
However , you can open the page in Design view and create additional group levels to make the page appear similar to the original object .	24	Singular
Tom Byargeon , Kevin Miller and Ken Loch in ENA are working with producers in the US involved in deep water offshore Louisiana / Texas oil and gas drilling projects .	27	Singular
Hancocks is one of four fabric stores in Fort Smith .	0	Singular
I was n't interested in making either of these sacrifices , as I think the world 's how to manual needs to be high quality AND comprehensive .	12	Singular
There was no mention of a detective agency , but that did not necessarily mean anything .	10	Singular
an annotated text of the bill , read the article by D. Singmaster in " The Mathematical Intelligencer " v 7 # 2 , pp 69 - 72 .	5	Singular
We do n't have to argue ; we can take it that colonialism is indefensible , for us , no ?	13	Singular
The total number of casualties from hundreds of suicide murders within Israel in the last three years is much smaller than those due to car accidents .	8	Singular
Institutional recipients , said Mauer , are required to exhibit their donated Warhol photographs every ten years as one stipulation .	19	Singular
I have a 9 month old German Shepherd that I raised from a puppy .	13	Singular
Due to its remarkable biodiversity , with over a third of the local plant species found nowhere else , Socotra has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site .	24	Singular
The Galileo and Ulysses spacecraft carried dust detectors onboard that Eberhard Gruen and his colleagues used to first detect and them measure the flux of interstellar dust particles streaming into the solar system .	14	Plural
He makes a great point of insisting that everything in the book really happened in the world .	1	Singular
His explosive temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of Fallujah last spring , killing 600 Iraqis , most of them women and children , in revenge for the deaths of 4 civilian mercenaries , one of them a South African .	36	Plural
The receptionist of " Hand made " , the former film making company of George Harrison said : " we do n't have any relation with that man anymore and we do n't want to know anything about him " .	24	Singular
100 g ( 3/4 cup ) quality cocoa powder ( sifted )	8	Singular
If al - Qaeda can kill Musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by Islamist junior officers , they can hope to catapult the MMA to power as political allies and hosts .	1	Singular
they have n't heard from you in a while .	0	Plural
Is there a particular LibriVox book which you think stands out because of the quality , the overall effort involved , its popularity , or for some other reason ?	9	Singular
I am vacation until the 22nd but Per is up to speed and I would like to make sure that you keep up with him and any HR / Legal activity that may occur .	0	Singular
In the message , the former Minister for Justice accused Brice Hortefeux of being a ' fascist ' , ' Minister ( moron ) of the Interior ' and a ' thug ' .	10	Singular
There must be a reason so many people like it there .	4	Singular
However , the JSC will recieve pilot and commander seats from the flight deck .	13	Singular
Passing a Living Wage program lifting people out of poverty .	4	Singular
When the bars were safely in the back seat with Ron , Fred reversed as close as possible to Harry 's window .	12	Singular
Paula	0	Singular
An indignant librarian , a middle-aged woman whose face is so hot it is almost fragrant with indignation , demands of me in a superdistinguished all but Oxonian accent , " How do you account for it ! "	8	Singular
If you have n't heard , SoCal 's announced their abandoning windows for OFOs .	13	Plural
Based on questionnaires to organisers and participants , as well as discussions with stake holders , he reached the following main conclusions [ 6 ] :	2	Plural
It was Khalid Mohammed who told authorities about Aafia Siddiqui , who has a PhD from Brandeis in neurology .	0	Singular
Harry , Ron , Fred and George were planning to go up the hill to a small paddock the Weasleys owned .	19	Plural
Legislative measures may be needed where market forces fail to evolve in the right direction or at an acceptable speed .	14	Singular
Service and Client base not ok .	0	Singular
Rhonda L Denton	1	Singular
Abbas also pledged to resolve the problem of millions of Palestinian refugees and their descendants .	14	Plural
The money funds their travel , explosives , hideouts and permanent search for soft vulnerable targets .	11	Singular
My experience with Home Delivery Service has been one of disappointment and anger .	0	Singular
Yvan , and Ben , please provide answers to these question via written correspondence so that their is limited probability of misunderstanding .	17	Singular
She was Rebecca , Rebecca Edwards , like a big , untidy schoolgirl in her cotton shirt and sandals , the car key on her forefinger jingling harassedly .	21	Singular
in n out of the chicago area ?	0	Singular
Start of _ The SOUND & the FURY _ : April 6 , 1928 Good Friday	15	Singular
Also , would those of you who have not responded to me via email confirming your acceptance of the terms upon which our four companies have agreed to assume cost responsibility for the TCA work on this .	30	Singular
John .	0	Singular
Throughout the twentieth century , the City of Cleveland proper was ranked as one of the 10 largest cities in the U.S. ( from 1890 until 1970 per US Census Bureau statistics ) .	29	Singular
At the ceremony , NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announced the locations that would be given the three remaining Space Shuttle orbiters following the end of the Space Shuttle program .	19	Singular
Monday , March 5 , 2007	2	Singular
4 . In Section 6.2.1 I 'll just note that the discount rate sentence I think is still an open issue .	11	Singular
There have been some issues with getting everything coordinated lately and I wanted to make sure that we knew who was on point .	11	Singular
not only is this place too expensive for what it is , it s horrible !	9	Singular
They sell feed and milk bottles at the front and I recommend you buy lots .	4	Singular
I was moving out from 2 bdr apartment and it took for 3 strong guys 6 hours to load a track ( from 2 pm - 8 pm ) .	20	Singular
Started in AD 842 , this is the first Islamic building to adopt the four-courtyard layout of Sassanid palaces .	10	Singular
I mentioned it to my boss and she said to start doing yoga .	7	Singular
Republican economists caution against taking this data as proof that their party is lousy at economic policy .	6	Singular
Our time is likely to be limited to 5 - 10 minutes .	0	Plural
You can also remove a lower-level custom group .	7	Singular
In this scenario , pieces of option three remain stubbornly impervious to artificial intelligence and continue to be mind - numbingly boring , while option four – engaging in social reciprocity and negotiation – remains limited .	4	Plural
From behind that structure came out an impression of pale plumpness in a frock-coat . The great man himself .	17	Singular
Bray 's ears were filled with the strange echoes of exhaustion and , stoked up by the hot lunch , his body threatened to suffocate him with waves of heat .	2	Plural
On the issue of the contracts , the draft says that the $ 170 m is paid when the EPC contract is signed .	19	Singular
In February of 2005 , Iran and Syria agreed upon a mutual protection pact to combat " challenges and threats " in the region .	1	Singular
The report also found alterations of ecosystem processes such as carbon cycling and storage .	6	Singular
U.S. officials have said the plot , thwarted by Britain , to blow up several aircraft over the Atlantic bore many of the hallmarks of al Qaeda .	0	Singular
Thanks , Jean	2	Singular
The Rev. Gerald Robinson appeared stony - faced as the jury 's guilty verdict was read , and he blinked repeatedly and glanced at his lawyers before being led away in handcuffs .	14	Singular
How are chants of death and suicide ... morality .	4	Singular
Went to the Willow Lounge this past weekend for dinner and drinks ... place is awesome .	4	Singular
Anyone can become a monkey ; it takes serious study to become a magician .	6	Singular
my experience with them was great - low stress , very helpful and very personal .	0	Singular
Sent by : Jeff Dasovich	3	Singular
It could , but Marx 's mistake was not a new one .	11	Singular
– and we 're going to London next Wednesday to buy my new books .	11	Singular
Can you cover for me today ?	4	Singular
This tug - of - war over calculating economic values is the one that ultimately will have to be decided by humans , because animals and plants can adjust only so much .	26	Plural
They also have a number of other important environmental impacts .	9	Plural
" The black race is the people through which the devil has always been able to bring evil unto the earth , " Jeffs has said as cited by the Southern Poverty Law Center 's " Intelligence Report . "	37	Singular
Once , when he had been in the luncheonette , they had talked about baseball , and now , each time Quinn came in , they continued to talk about it .	10	Plural
Green Tea Or White Tea ?	4	Singular
[ 1 ] Over the last twenty years , use of the term has been frequently criticized by academic art historians for over-simplifying artistic developments , ignoring historical context , and focusing only on a few iconic works .	20	Plural
Iran says it is creating nuclear energy without wanting nuclear weapons .	0	Singular
It ’s this quiet experience where you are trying to soak in what the joke is , have we done anything like this , is it a unique take , what are other people doing .	4	Singular
Of THESE three , it 's a toss - up between Royal and Carnival .	13	Singular
After all , establishing a genuine fiscal union would require strong political commitment – and considerable legwork .	12	Singular
My mother says , “ Is it time to go ? ”	5	Singular
Food is awful and the place caters to the yuppy crowd .	9	Singular
different generations , the donatello is of a boy david as a young sheep Herder , the Michelangelo is the grown up man david as slayer and king	5	Singular
Thank you for your time .	4	Singular
Aunt Dorothy says her secretary 's been trying to get hold of you .	1	Singular
Not with me , said Mr Malfoy , his long nostrils flaring .	2	Singular
I took my 3 year old son here at the weekend and to be honest , apart from the shark walkway , I thought it was rubbish and overpriced .	0	Singular
Please find attached the Enron Master Agreement .	5	Singular
I believe national reconciliation to be the only path forward to a new Iraq .	13	Singular
We 're both in our early 20s and just wanting to explore the beautiful country while we 're still young and before our lives start to get even crazier !	0	Plural
Despite his aristocratic origins , L'Enfant closely identified with the United States , changing his first name from Pierre to Peter when he first came to the rebelling colonies in 1777 .	3	Plural
Your teacher knows what goes on in your community and wants to keep her job .	4	Singular
Mr President , here too I must congratulate the two rapporteurs .	0	Singular
" We are moving in the right direction : the Paris Agreement will slow climate change , as will the recent Kigali Amendment to reduce HFCs , " said Erik Solheim , head of UN Environment .	34	Singular
Round the front door lay a jumble of wellington boots and a very rusty cauldron .	6	Singular
Simmer the quinoa for about 15 minutes or until the grain becomes translucent and the white germ forms a visible spiral on the exterior of the quinoa grain .	17	Singular
Falluja has long been roiled by tense relations with the US soldiers there , since local Sunnis either remain committed to Arab nationalism or have become Sunni fundamentalists or even radicals .	10	Singular
" I think everybody knows Andy Warhol 's name , even non-art people , that 's a name they might know because he was such a personality " , Water said .	6	Singular
--- The Art of Calligraphy in Modern China ( British Museum Press , 2002 )	6	Singular
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Friday 17 December 1999 , and I would like once again to wish you a happy new year in the hope that you enjoyed a pleasant festive period .	25	Singular
Go to a local market or drug store , and buy this month 's copy of the " Philadelphia Magazine " .	6	Singular
3 ) G. V. & A. Bourret 41 Broome St , # 1 Brooklyn , NY 11222 USA	9	Singular
" I like them , " says my wife .	7	Singular
Bike ride in the park , followed by coffee .	0	Singular
Ahmed Al - Chalabi and defense minister Hazim Al - Sha'lan have been engaging in shrill public attacks over the media .	17	Plural
It is Iran 's missile armaments that pose the greatest concern for American forces in the Gulf , especially for the US Navy .	5	Plural
It turned aside for the bowlders , and also for an undersized railway-truck lying there on its back with its wheels in the air .	16	Singular
Robb says it is " like an experimental novel in which the female protagonist is always trying to pull in extraneous realities but which the hero is determined to keep on course , whatever tricks he has to use .	26	Singular
figure out how many stalls you want , then measure square cube sections for length and width of horse ,	4	Plural
It is all about this very subject ... bars and food .	6	Singular
If you have received this email in error , please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system .	7	Singular
The plain fact is that a few members of IT are pushing this initiative , but they lack commercial sponsorship .	9	Singular
Keep his cage open and go on your computer , or read a book , etc and maybe he will come out to you .	13	Singular
I got my appointment – of course ; and I got it very quick .	0	Singular
It used to be fabulous , why did you guys change it ??	0	Singular
Dr. Fortier , an orthodontist , learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of Baffin Island in July 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall .	17	Singular
According to the Arts and Humanities Citation Index Professor Chomsky is the eighth most cited scholar of all time .	5	Plural
New faces emerge as veteran politicians step down in Hong Kong legislative election	9	Singular
Date : Monday , May 7th	0	Singular
6 - Number of months before 11 September that Cheney 's Energy Task Force investigated Iraq 's oil reserves .	9	Singular
On the bus : Get on Bus 95 going toward " Porte de Vanves " .	12	Singular
Honestly they have worked for me twice with my parakeets .	1	Plural
Before he had a chance to absorb the woman 's presence , to describe her to himself and form his impressions , she was talking to him , forcing him to respond .	8	Singular
I do not think , however , that this report has come too late .	0	Singular
Be persistent , but do n't pester them about it cause that 'll get you nowhere fast .	7	Plural
I found my initial selection satisfactory but the wine flight we chose to be poorly composed .	10	Plural
Bonnard ( colorful only )	0	Singular
XSLT has many of the constructs ( structures and commands ) found in other programming languages which allow the developer to use variables , loops and iterations , and conditional statements .	9	Plural
Imagine having detailed step-by-step instructions on how to do any activity you could imagine .	10	Singular
Among them is the former cloister from the abbey church of St. Peter and Paul .	14	Singular
Certainly the affair was too stupid – when I think of it – to be altogether natural .	8	Singular
A wonderful tutoring service for students needing help with elementary - middle school work .	12	Singular
" He also used a realist technique which French novelist Marcel Proust later named " retrospective illumination " , whereby a character 's past is revealed long after she or he first appears .	30	Singular
Not too far from there , you can find a local bar / nightclub named Bik Kreyol , Beau Soleil , 0590258046 or 0590920648 ( Entrance € 5 , Drinks € 3 ) .	11	Singular
Another senior Al Qaeda member ( a shura or policy - making council member no less ) was working for the Egyptian intelligence services and he confirmed the report in a sworn lengthy confession .	4	Singular
The Sahel 's climate is similar to , but less extreme than , the climate of the Sahara desert located just to the north .	1	Singular
I see that we are scheduled to have lunch today .	3	Plural
The staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care my pup received was outstanding .	18	Singular
I really enjoyed the staff at Wessex , also the manager Sherri was always very nice and helpful .	6	Singular
If you get caught in traffic and are a couple minutes late they make you re-schedule ... for 6 weeks later .	5	Singular
he makes so much MORE noise , as he plays and digs and jumps ( seriously )	5	Singular
Dunn believes the resulting overcharges for electricity exceeded $ 30 billion .	1	Singular
This photograph 's taken 1950 s in Saudi Arabia .	0	Singular
" I ca n't accept such a sacrifice from you . "	7	Singular
Voters would then choose between the new flag and their current flag early in 2016 .	11	Singular
I am sure she would like to hear from you .	1	Singular
Owing to its history , Łódź has an impressive collection of residential , commercial and industrial 19th-century architecture including some of Europe 's largest factory buildings , now mostly repurposed as shopping centres or lofts .	25	Plural
Yes , it will loose strength steadily as more and more of this swirling system moves from being over ocean to being over land .	2	Singular
The profits obtained from prosperous textile mills opened up practically unlimited possibilities for their owners .	13	Plural
Does Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version ?	23	Singular
Technically , blackberry was because it was the first with real email and games and stuff .	15	Singular
$ 66 b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in 1949 .	7	Singular
No Russian - speaking refugees from eastern Ukraine or Crimea have fled into Russia , and no Russian - speaker has sought political asylum anywhere else outside the country .	20	Singular
As President , I will serve ALL of the people in America , guided by the Constitution .	11	Singular
Daniel Montalvo in September 2010 , after having left the elite group within Scientology called the Sea Org .	11	Singular
One of the men was the manager .	4	Singular
A simple formality assured me the secretary , with an air of taking an immense part in all my sorrows .	6	Singular
It pleased him to watch it leave his mouth in gusts , disperse , and take on new definition as the light caught it .	7	Singular
His church is venerable rich and beautiful .	2	Singular
They re probably just drawn for the show anyways .	0	Plural
But I 've done hundreds of dog introductions myself ( another place , I do n't work here ) , and owners can have unrealistic expectations and views of what they see when their dogs meet other dogs .	33	Plural
Some rich builder and his wife were coming to dinner and Uncle Vernon was hoping to get a huge order from him ( Uncle Vernon 's company made drills ) .	26	Singular
The Ukrainian crisis may prove helpful , though that appears less likely now – which may be a good thing to the extent that one unintended consequence could be a loan to Ukraine that is larger than it really needs .	19	Singular
Pride and Prejudice	0	Singular
Under the Unitary Executive Theory , the Laws of Congress and Decisions of the Supreme Court have no actual authority unless the President agrees with them .	25	Plural
This led to further dilapidation of the investment-starved city , and many of its streets and buildings show profound signs of neglect .	8	Singular
Now I feel more confident wearing my bathing suit in the summer .	8	Singular
Second , he could not fully grasp that rising real material living standards for the working class might well go hand in hand with a rising rate of exploitation – that is , a smaller income share for labor .	2	Singular
I also believe that the regional authorities are not all in a position to establish contacts with the Commission .	18	Singular
I purchased a nissan from this dealship .	3	Singular
The graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics I have ever seen for any game and I have been gaming since the MUD days .	11	Singular
Unfortunately , bold action to address these fragilities seems more distant than ever .	8	Singular
You are in a city like many another well , not quite , for Jerusalem is the only ancient city I 've ever seen whose antiquities are not on display as relics but are in daily use .	25	Plural
The far end of part of the convention floor , shortly after opening Friday .	4	Singular
Against all his expectations , it was a book he himself had written – Suicide Squeeze by William Wilson , the first of the Max Work novels .	18	Singular
They made need medication or deworming or something .	3	Singular
Place : University of Pennsylvania	4	Singular
It emerged that Chiara , the girl who disappeared with Fabio , had a collection of satanic literature and paraphernalia in her bedroom .	21	Singular
Mr President , I support the main proposals of the report concerning the administration of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund for the period 2000 - 2006 and the main recommendations of the report which include the following :	21	Singular
actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	27	Singular
The MoI in Iraq is equivalent to the US FBI , so this would be like having J. Edgar Hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the Weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	4	Singular
What was I supposed to do , say I ca n't afford you and walk out with crap all over my hair .	8	Singular
There is a wonderful quote attributed to Einstein — " If we knew what we were doing , it would n't be called " research " , would it ? "	24	Singular
Intrepid is good at getting you away from the most touristy spots and showing you something a little different .	0	Singular
There are no other requirements other than we ask that members greet each new member and each new alliance and also feel free to post in any of the forums .	7	Plural
Surgery visit timings were always made to suit me and not them and they gave me the feeling that I mattered and was important to them .	25	Plural
If you want to make it more quickly , cut the skittles in half before putting them into vodka .	16	Plural
The authors find another intriguing effect , too .	4	Singular
the one i like the most would be wendy 's .	8	Singular
The ARVN rushed back from holiday leave and counterattacked .	5	Singular
We have shown that the future of the audio-visual industry is a debate which crosses all political and national boundaries .	19	Plural
Cleveland is the urban center of Northeast Ohio , the 15th largest combined metropolitan area in the United States .	6	Singular
Pike 's concern is based on China 's development of a new medium - lift rocket , the Long March V , and the construction of a new space launch complex on Hainan Island in the South China Sea .	29	Singular
Midas has the most high tech equipment in town & I guarantee you if they told you it was electrical then in deed it s electrical !	23	Singular
Kristen Wilkins , curator of " Andy Warhol : Photographs and Prints from the University Collection " at the University of Southern Indiana , January 23 - March 9 2014 .	14	Singular
The gods represented distinctly the practical needs of daily life , and they were scrupulously accorded the rites and offerings considered proper .	19	Plural
The term Nexus is applied to sentences , structures similar to sentences and sentences in formation , in which two concepts are expressed in one unit ; e.g. , it rained , he ran indoors .	29	Singular
Thanks , Kim .	2	Singular
I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what 's the point ?	24	Singular
If he or she did not , then they should have all the same rights as other Iraqis .	14	Plural
In earlier periods the large majority of participants were law enforcement agents , reflecting the priority to establish closer professional ties for a more efficient fight against euro counterfeiting .	22	Singular
I m sorry if I could n't say the question right .	4	Singular
Photographs from a seized computer disc included the controls and the locks on the door between the passengers and pilot .	19	Singular
I 'm assuming they are completely out of business since I ca n't find any contact information .	16	Singular
This overall favourable situation is the result of a long preparation at both legislative and institutional level and demonstrates the high level of cooperation achieved in EU and at international level .	23	Singular
i was very pleased with the service .	1	Singular
Days away : Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 ( assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return )	15	Plural
Google the term or find photography supplies websites and put it in the search box ( or look for studio equipment supplies ) .	19	Singular
The first is the harmonisation of national development policies and regional development policies .	12	Plural
May seem a little silly , but , taking a long ride on the Metra system or the " L " system is a great way to see the city and sites without spending a fortune .	31	Plural
The islands are located at the Indo - Australian Fault ; the Fault arose due to the collision of the Indian and Australian plates .	12	Singular
In Access , you can export the data , the schema ( data structure ) , or both , to XML files .	20	Singular
Beside these two buses , there is no public transport , but car rental with driver is available .	13	Singular
A very nice park .	3	Singular
Professor Eastman says iodine is added to only 10 per cent of Australian salt in contravention of a World Health Organisation recommendation that all salt be iodised .	13	Singular
They said good night to each other in the bright slanting sun and the Bayley children were already out on the grass in their pyjamas , riding bicycles .	14	Singular
It takes only one bite from a disease - carrying mosquito to transmit a debilitating or deadly infection – and mosquitoes breed and multiply with astonishing speed .	13	Singular
The bib has a wallet pocket and a watch pocket .	9	Singular
We came at around 730 and they close at 8 and wanted to try the specials but they were out for the day so I would say go way before they close .	22	Singular
Then , also , he 's got so much stuff in there right now , that I do n't know how he 's going to fit baby stuff .	5	Singular
STOA , to produce for us a paper which indicated low sulphur fuels are essential .	5	Plural
I used to e-mail Vince Kaminski about the advice on his article " The Challenge of Pricing and Risk Managing Electricity Derivatives " and he had mailed me the copy .	27	Singular
Cuaron , whose last film was the Oscar - winning Gravity , was reportedly not on set at the time of the incident .	0	Singular
The next meeting of the CAEM Board of Directors will be held on Wednesday , September 12 , at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington , DC .	2	Singular
You look for sleighs and frost when you hear this jingle-belling .	9	Singular
Unlike an opossum , the chicken gives an unconvincing act , as it continues to blink and breathe in an obvious way . "	5	Singular
The flat-rate approach produces more risk of overcompensation , which is why we have set the margin at 2.6 -% .	12	Plural
His father , born Bernard - François , was one of eleven children from a poor family in Tarn , a region in the south of France .	14	Singular
And indeed nothing is easier for a man who has , as the phrase goes , followed the sea with reverence and affection , than to evoke the great spirit of the past upon the lower reaches of the Thames .	13	Singular
You will have to cover the wire flooring like you said , and make fleece covers for the stairs , so no ratty feet get caught and broken .	14	Singular
A lack of organisation , coupled with the distain for its customers , makes this the worst rental agency I have used .	11	Plural
Our family has been trusting Doctor Hank with our teeth for the last seven years .	0	Plural
In Saintsbury 's view , " They are curiously , interestingly , almost enthrallingly bad .	3	Singular
Yet another amendment is aimed at simplification , taking references to the tank to include its accessories as a matter of course .	15	Singular
His last major tragedies , Antony and Cleopatra and Coriolanus , contain some of Shakespeare 's finest poetry and were considered his most successful tragedies by the poet and critic T. S. Eliot .	27	Singular
Christa Winfrey	0	Singular
He is concerned about the allocation amongst categories - in particular , Real Time Traders .	12	Singular
The attached documents include the GA II Settlement proposal , an Attachment ( a copy of PG&E 's proposed Gas Rule 27 ) , and a set of supporting workpapers .	29	Plural
I should think the bar of the Silver Rhino 's as good a place as any to learn what 's really going on .	4	Singular
It is important to recognize that the specific format of the north-south numbered street names is North / South 145th East / West Avenue .	15	Singular
It 's cool ... it 's like another family .	1	Singular
But that is not the language used in everyday encounters with the bemused populations of the EU countries .	1	Singular
As I recall , Montavano , Shapiro and I usually make up one team , but I 'm willing to switch around a bit .	16	Singular
It 's amazing how he deals with those fellows – better than I do , I can tell you .	12	Singular
I am waiting longer at BNA for my pickups and last time I parked with them , they lost my car key .	19	Singular
I believe that there might be a sign - flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue .	7	Singular
Do n't let the nondescript building entrance fool you , these are some creative and talented chefs ... two thumbs way , way up !	19	Plural
Iranian officials say they made no objections to Khan ’s ouster because they want to strengthen Karzai ’s campaign against warlords .	16	Singular
The moment the door had closed , Mr Borgin dropped his oily manner .	3	Singular
The shop was great , the service was excellent and the employees were fun guys .	7	Singular
Now feed the one in the breeding tank as much bloodworms , blackworms and / or earthworms as it can eat for 3 - 5 days .	25	Plural
On March 10 , 1896 , Herzl was visited by Reverend William Hechler , the Anglican minister to the British Embassy .	7	Singular
I think that ’s why they immersed themselves in pattern and colour .	7	Plural
All Harry 's spellbooks , his wand , robes , cauldron and top-of-the-range Nimbus Two Thousand broomstick had been locked in a cupboard under the stairs by Uncle Vernon the instant Harry had come home .	6	Singular
By the time he came to his street , he was running .	7	Singular
Their schedule is listed below .	0	Plural
BTA only exists in the mind of SCAMMERS .	5	Singular
" Iran has significant capabilities for asymmetric warfare , and poses the additional threat of proliferation .	10	Singular
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID .	13	Singular
When she was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease the doctor gave her 13 years to live .	2	Singular
I 'm getting in touch because I think it could be useful to people campaigning about hospital closures .	4	Singular
The staff do occasionally get game info correct , but if you r looking fot a good game and are n't a nerd , do nt ask them .	5	Singular
Beside him , Kabata 's strong thighs filled the seat .	6	Plural
According to a couple sources , the world record for the oldest cat was a cat in Devon , England who reportedly live to the age of 36 .	8	Singular
The owners are really nice , they serve good food at a good price , and the option to eat outside on the deck ( esp on the weekend whether there is hardly any traffic ) is great .	34	Singular
With Wikinews , Sarvis discusses his background , views on McDonnell 's tenure , keys to campaign success , plan to implement his agenda , and the former Virginia governor he most admires .	10	Singular
Stapled to the pen was a little white paper flag , one side of which read : This good article is the Courtesy of a DEAF MUTE .	8	Singular
This place has the best baby and children s clothes .	0	Singular
I have also looked at the photo galleries for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants and I have narrowed it down to three establishments .	0	Singular
A revised version of the Evaluation form for Associates and Analysts is attached below .	11	Singular
Harry heard from Hogwarts one sunny morning about a week after he had arrived at The Burrow .	3	Plural
Waiting to be summoned to the customs officers ' booths , the companions of the journey ignored each other .	9	Plural
The point is -- FHS gives you the opportunity to make it to a good college , but you need to work hard .	11	Singular
He was used to walking briskly , and all this starting and stopping and shuffling began to be a strain , as though the rhythm of his body was being disrupted .	27	Singular
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of May 1 .	4	Plural
Greece was divided into many small , self - governing communities , a pattern largely dictated by Greek geography : every island , valley and plain is cut off from its neighbours by the sea or mountain ranges .	31	Plural
What to feed my dog after gastroenteritis ?	3	Singular
that was a strange way to flirt .. but i guss it was his way ...	12	Singular
The disembarking passengers were all strangers again , connected not with each other but to the mouthing , smiling faces and waving hands on the airport balcony .	5	Plural
The Arab Revolt which began in 1916 turned the tide against the Ottomans on the Middle Eastern front , where they initially seemed to have the upper hand during the first two years of the war .	17	Singular
My wife had taken her '07 Ford Fusion in for a routine oil change .	4	Singular
In light of the CA regarding curves , I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information .	4	Singular
In a recently-accepted Evolution paper Bos and colleagues describe ants appearing to self-medicate .	3	Singular
" Dr. Shady " is a jerk .	6	Singular
He will also release any and all patent issues .	0	Singular
Afshari , who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war , said that when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their education system , the Mujahedeen refused .	13	Plural
Do n't blame him please , he feels lonely and wants to show his attention to all of you to look after you , please forgive and sympathy if he miss something .	29	Singular
i have a 3 - 4 month old kitten and i live in forida .	13	Singular
Fred climbed back into the car to pull with Ron , and Harry and George pushed from the bedroom side .	12	Singular
The Archbishop , who has himself cooked the eggplant and the leg of lamb , tells the company his recipes .	5	Singular
( 3 ) Everyone who works has the right to just and favourable remuneration ensuring for himself and his family an existence worthy of human dignity , and supplemented , if necessary , by other means of social protection .	20	Singular
Other charitable fan-based groups included The Ontario Ghostbusters , Doctor Who Society of Canada , and Klingon Assault Group .	11	Singular
More like the French than he would care to admit	5	Singular
The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mother s father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that 's a common misconception ( http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm ) .	13	Singular
There is no subterfuge in you .	3	Singular
Justin , I have no knowledge of any bad faith actins Enron has pending in Texas but I will call Richard Sanders who manages domestic litgation here .	0	Singular
We recently asked you to create an eSpeak " wish list " for us .	9	Singular
But if the babies were born in American so they would named in other way but still remain " First name " in order to recall about their origination .	9	Plural
We 're right now using an automated microscope that we developed several years ago for nuclear astrophysics work to scan the collector in the Cosmic Dust Lab in Building 31 at Johnson Space Center .	32	Singular
Holland & Hart , LLP ; # 432785 dated 4/14/00	0	Singular
We four affectionately watched his back as he stood in the bows looking to seaward .	0	Plural
Please send it directly to kent.shoemaker@ae.ge.com , copy to me .	2	Singular
See you Sunday .	2	Singular
In theory , market - determined currency values are supposed to isolate the domestic economy from the vagaries of international finance , rising when money floods in and falling when the flows are reversed .	6	Singular
But progress toward that idealistic vision cannot continue to depend on shopworn symbolism .	3	Singular
Volatility of USD / DM has been in the range of between 7 % and 11 % .	0	Singular
*** Jason Chumley - Could you forward the number of contractor hours and help / remote support hours .	17	Plural
The Al - Bu Nimr in Ramadi and Al - Qaim rose in arms against Saddam in the mid-nineties following the execution of Thamir Madhlum Al - Dulaymi , an Air Force general belonging to their tribe .	27	Singular
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed , the price was Non-Bondad .	2	Singular
In it , Norton observed :	1	Singular
A report by the Center for Disease Control of interviews with AMI employees ( as well as detailed interviews by author Leonard Cole ) supports the conclusion that there were not one , but two , such mailings containing anthrax .	37	Plural
The punishment for suicide murder should be death or arrest before the murder , not during and not after .	9	Singular
Draw a line in front of its beak instead .	7	Singular
Secondly , I believe that it is time for the European Parliament to set an example .	15	Singular
And he is a teacher . "	4	Singular
Congratulations Prestige Hino !	0	Plural
My mother is bewildered , her face turned up towards me .	1	Singular
I explained I did not get what I paid for .	2	Singular
When he finished school , Balzac was an apprentice in a law office , but he turned his back on the study of law after wearying of its inhumanity and banal routine .	23	Singular
I had hear great things about Phet and G&G Automotive so I decided to give him a try .	15	Singular
Try different things out and see what feels right , what sounds best .	2	Plural
Mix .2 grams of luminol , 4 grams of sodium carbonate , .4 grams of copper sulfate , .5 grams of ammonium carbonate and 1 liter ( 0.3 US gal ) of distilled water in a second bowl .	33	Singular
This is the best Mediterranean Restaurant in the West Valley , I have friend who drive from central Phx to come here .	8	Singular
no i am not lying .	1	Singular
We find our seats , two in a row of three , toward the rear of the aircraft .	17	Singular
Game 4 : Thursday , June 14 @ 7:30 PM vs. Portland FIRE	5	Singular
Cheap Hotel Rome - thanks for finding us a hotel at the last minute .	9	Singular
This , coupled with the lack of a public safety net , makes health problems a leading source of economic hardship , even for middle-class families .	17	Singular
and thereafter he presents himself as no more than the editor of the translation .	4	Singular
It is right on the hustle and bustle of Wisconsin Ave but some might miss it as it is nestled in between Subway Sandwiches and Modell 's .	1	Singular
and then it was morning and Festus 's assistant was at the door with the early tea .	12	Singular
He recovered and was released from the hospital on April 11 , becoming the first serving U.S. president to survive being shot in an assassination attempt .	0	Singular
Hagrid seized Harry by the scruff of the neck and pulled him away from the witch , knocking the tray right out of her hands .	24	Plural
The next item is the order of business .	7	Singular
We favour a reform involving the alignment of prices to world market prices and a reduction in export refunds .	18	Plural
One remark made by Sha'lan on Al - Arabiya TV , that he could n't say more about Chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor .	1	Singular
Nevertheless , his keen insight regarding working-class conditions earned him the esteem of many Socialists and Marxists .	4	Singular
The spine will become flexible .	1	Singular
Build a shelter box in your garden to attract some onto your property .	12	Singular
My wife and I would love for you to come and visit our page	0	Singular
The bird was on the roof of the round , thatched guest room in the garden of his old friend Roland Dando – a Welshman – newly appointed as Attorney-General .	1	Singular
Play your CD's , 8 - tracks , reel to reels , cassettes , vinyl 33 / 45's , and shellac 78's through this little integrated amp , you 'll get a big eye opener !	12	Plural
The other two anti-establishment camp elects were Hui Chi-fung from the Democratic Party and Tanya Chan of the Civic Party , both considered to be in the pan-democracy camp .	19	Singular
Facebook Adverts makes it easy and cost-effective to quickly set up and manage your campaign .	14	Singular
It 's amazing how he deals with those fellows – better than I do , I can tell you .	1	Singular
Take the messages for what they are : she has no objection in you being pals at uni , but she does not want to take matters further .	20	Singular
I recently took a rescue puppy to this Clinic and I was SHOCKED at how well Romeo and My family was treated .	20	Singular
The countryside is very beautiful , especially if you have a few months ( or years ) to get to know the place .	15	Plural
I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions ( first Argentina ) and thought your expertise would be very helpful .	1	Singular
Date : Monday , Nov. 13th	0	Singular
I do n't know about this ... but the pale Cockney who was teaching him to take over his job said , That 's okay , chum , it 's our ole friend Mr. Kabata .	5	Singular
The bartender is a douchebag and he has a little console behind the bar where he can delete songs he does n't like , and you end up paying for it .	13	Singular
Hi , I want to get a few pet rats and need a rat cage .	14	Singular
Numbered streets run East / West with Main Street and the Arkansas River as the dividing line .	16	Singular
However US military officers say regular army officers - many of them Pashtun - leading units of the Frontier Corps who are on the border remain deeply sympathetic to the Taliban and the mullahs of the JUI .	3	Plural
Based on specific intelligence inputs , Army arrested Ghulam Mohiuddin Lone , a LeT man , from Doda district .	4	Plural
Our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the LC transferable .	17	Singular
In one amendment , there is a call for the inclusion of pure and simple renewal of vineyards in the restructuring measures .	2	Singular
Archibald , a middle - class Alabama boy -- who , by the way , is now a registered Democrat -- did n't like that story .	0	Singular
You and I could go over to Shea tomorrow and get hired as the top two starters .	7	Singular
The federal government proactively reports on aggregate performance pay and bonus levels for each department , but the latest web posting is for 2013 - 2014 — or two years out of date .	29	Plural
Most troubling , however , is the fact that the political will to end the crisis expressed a few short weeks ago seems to have ebbed .	7	Singular
Unfortunately for the IMF , it now needs a slightly higher public profile to convince the US Congress to agree to some important reforms .	12	Singular
Iraqi cities such as Fallujah and Ramadi were on the truck route from Amman to Baghdad , and so came under the influence of the Salafi movement , which is popular in Jordan .	15	Singular
I came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction , which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to an account requiring maximum confidence .	20	Singular
Visualisations can be as useful tools , but meditation is more than that .	5	Plural
His most notable contribution to translation theory is Dynamic Equivalence , also known as Functional Equivalence .	7	Singular
marisol	0	Singular
An XML schema file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document , providing a series of element names , as well as which elements are allowed in the document and in what combinations .	27	Plural
Price increases will cause a dramatic reduction in American real incomes .	1	Plural
It remains unclear if these figures represent real individuals , or if the authorial " I " who addresses them represents Shakespeare himself , though Wordsworth believed that with the sonnets " Shakespeare unlocked his heart " .	19	Plural
North of Naples they had bad weather and engine trouble , but they reached their harbor and anchored near two Japanese ships .	3	Plural
If you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualizations to help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence , try the following before moving onto the more formal method below .	20	Singular
Does Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version ?	20	Singular
Many of the buildings and streets of Chinatown reflect the diverse nature of its history , in architecture and in the bilingual signs seen throughout the neighborhood .	7	Singular
Users can interact with the component in design mode in that application only ( not in the browser or in other applications ) .	8	Singular
It simply refers to the same ICC publication for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generally .	2	Singular
Not to mention that the wait staff was about as pleasant as dealing with an angry bull .	5	Singular
Motion was of the essence , the act of putting one foot in front of the other and allowing himself to follow the drift of his own body .	13	Singular
Try googling it for more info :)	5	Singular
Hopefully , if we 're still dating come December , you and Chuck can meet him when you come back to visit .	3	Plural
Fort Lee also has a great community center open to all borough residents .	3	Singular
Derrick did a terrible job , was a complete jerk the entire time , and I had no warning as to the price .	12	Singular
This is in Ontario of course , the rates may be slightly different for other provinces / territories .	0	Singular
After talking with Professors Titman , Ronn , Brown and Jemison , I was sure that the School was the right place to get the education I was looking for .	18	Singular
The crane accident comes just ten days before the beginning of the Hajj , the annual pilgrimage to Mecca , Islam 's holiest site .	1	Singular
Is this a transitional period for the baby ... that he / she is left alone much more time ?	18	Singular
They tell me he 's got the contract for the whole Isoza River reclamation scheme ... employs engineers from Poland and Italy	19	Singular
Handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of KSM , Al Qaeda 's # 3 , included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed the recruitment of necessary expertise .	1	Plural
This message was cancelled from within Mozilla .	6	Singular
In late September 2001 , it was announced that the President was seeking a blanket waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in connection with pursuing the militant islamists .	2	Singular
The Swiss Romantic artist Henry Fuseli , a friend of William Blake , even translated Macbeth into German .	3	Singular
And the salsa , be sure to ask for a jar and have plenty of chips around , you will need them .....	10	Singular
Thus , the leaders in charge of Al Qaeda 's anthrax production program had a close connection to those imprisoned in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Center .	28	Singular
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	16	Singular
Its meaning is " Infinite happiness is everywhere " .	1	Singular
Excellent customer service and quality work .	5	Singular
The good numbers in Asia promptly pushed the stock markets up .	9	Plural
Can you pass this along to Elizabeth to ensure Sanders is on board as well ?	6	Singular
Among those who championed him were the writers Voltaire , Goethe , Stendhal and Victor Hugo .	7	Plural
Harry and George threw their shoulders against the trunk and it slid out of the window into the back seat of the car .	8	Singular
Monks are an integral part of Buddhism in Thailand , and Thai men are generally expected to spend a certain amount of time living as a monk at least once in their lifetime .	26	Singular
Could someone in your group please give me a notional non binding basis differential for this quality of crude for Cal 2003 ?	18	Singular
In the winter , the talk was of trades , predictions , memories .	6	Singular
With hard work and focus , you will attain at least one important aspiration that has been on your agenda for a long time .	4	Singular
The hearing is focused on the pilot and we have an opportunity to provide some probing questions for Wolens to direct to Sam and Tom .	11	Singular
Not too far from there , you can find a local bar / nightclub named Bik Kreyol , Beau Soleil , 0590258046 or 0590920648 ( Entrance € 5 , Drinks € 3 ) .	15	Singular
The new TW Hotline was implemented Monday which included customer notification in the form of a Popup message in TMS and a Critical Notice which sent an Email .	6	Singular
I listed all of our ( sometimes mine vs. my wife 's favorites and priorities ) .	12	Plural
Is any of this a probability ?	5	Singular
I 'm pleased that someone referred me to them for my commercial business .	10	Singular
" The governor believes it was the defining moment , when what was a mounting problem turned into an instant crisis , " Maviglio said .	2	Singular
( 25 ) Surveillance authorities should exchange information on the measures envisaged within the scope of this Directive with a view to improving surveillance of the market .	17	Singular
I had Hom - Excel replace most of the windows in my Tampa residence three years ago .	15	Plural
Try recording your joke on a tape player and playing it back to yourself .	7	Singular
What are these words coming from his mouth ?	6	Singular
Due to the Judge in the 1983 case ruling that a CIA agent could not testify using a pseudonym , therefore opening him to cross-examination by Wilson , the prosecution had a problem .	24	Singular
His preferred method was to eat a light meal at five or six in the afternoon , then sleep until midnight .	8	Singular
I do nt know how it is possible to make orange chicken , sesame chicken and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puffs taste THAT bad but China Delight accomplished that .	28	Singular
The family 's attorney advises me that Aafia had no knowledge of chemicals ( and that would not appear to be her training ) .	5	Singular
Another person in the store stood there with an item and repeatedly tried to get a sales person s attention .	9	Singular
I also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of services that I did not need .	0	Singular
Various mitigating actions have been and will be taken to provide focus , gain comfort over control levels and to provide assurance to senior management as to the accuracy of the Q1 DPR and business balance sheet .	35	Singular
So that ’s a good memory .	2	Singular
A helicopter snored over the celebrations , drowning the exchange of greetings when Bray was introduced to someone in the street , expunging conversation in bars and even speeches .	20	Singular
Are you in the office to initial signature pages today ?	9	Singular
For one brief instant Quinn thought , So this is what detective work is like . But other than that he thought nothing .	12	Singular
The premise with which the administartion is acting is that if they expeditiously suspend everyone 's right to bilateral contracts quickly , it sets up a barrier which the direct access coalition must break through .	30	Singular
And not only did he select the authors , it was probably he who translated the Arabic manuscript back into Spanish .	10	Singular
EY4096.1 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 6,363,217 - $ 250,393	1	Singular
While most U.S. secretaries of state -- save perhaps Dean Rusk -- have gobbled up credit for outcomes that they had little to do with , few have been as brazen as Colin Powell .	15	Singular
If you 've been to North County , chances are it 's in your favorites list already .	10	Singular
Let me know .	1	Singular
Cullen and Dykman ( attorneys for Boston Gas Company ) approved all of our changes on the agreement to release the Tenn and Iroq space back to Boston Gas .	2	Singular
This is , perhaps , not the best example of the technique , though it is the most well-known .	11	Singular
However , when we are at parties or when they are people around she seems to ignore me .	14	Singular
The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .	1	Plural
Two Methods :	1	Plural
We were introduced to Bistro Tallulah by traveler - professional diner who happens to own the Adelphi Hotel and travels the world -- and residing in Paris , London , New York the rest of the year .	36	Singular
1561 Ruy Lopez writes his book on chess .	5	Singular
The boat was heading toward Cox 's Bazar in Bangladesh .	7	Singular
It is a hub for American Airlines and Southwest Airlines .	6	Plural
The history is written with red ink .	1	Singular
Mr Kedourie doubts that he needed " to call on the resources of American political science for such lessons in tyranny ?	15	Singular
I have been going to Nick for 5 months now precisely because he does pay attention to detail .	0	Singular
Mr President , on numerous occasions in the past I have disagreed with the rapporteur on her approach to regional policy issues .	5	Plural
Second , he could not fully grasp that rising real material living standards for the working class might well go hand in hand with a rising rate of exploitation – that is , a smaller income share for labor .	33	Singular
Called to check if they had a product I 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .	31	Singular
He was Paul Auster now , and with each step he took he tried to fit more comfortably into the strictures of that transformation .	2	Singular
The more you know about your audience the better you ’ll be able to tailor your jokes to them .	16	Plural
which is the best burger chain in the chicago metro area like for example burger king portillo s white castle which one do like the best ?	5	Singular
Richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit .	4	Singular
Bring some sort of magnet or small magnetic whiteboard for your door .	11	Singular
Had 33,000 miles , Ram 2500 3 / 4 ton , 4 x 4 , 360 Magnum Motor .	17	Singular
Opposite it there are olives still , which Arabs are harvesting with long poles .	4	Plural
The name started as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search - engine would be able to search .	11	Singular
$ 5,000 signing	2	Singular
If you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone .	14	Singular
It was one of the worst World Cups we 've played actually .	1	Singular
1 ) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and 2 ) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement .	10	Singular
Three Methods : Starting Seeds Caring for Basil Harvesting and Using Basil	11	Singular
In the best case , the clamoring for a " refund " subsides .	12	Singular
We are taking a 3 hour flight down to a fancy island in Florida and staying only 2 days .	18	Plural
Think internally , intuitively , not by words , of the meaning , as you 're repeating it .	11	Singular
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task ; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business .	2	Singular
I was listening to her breath .	1	Singular
Attached are the gas settlement and support for May .	6	Singular
1 . I tested it out by making a figure boat	2	Singular
USDA employee Johnelle Bryant first told us , in sensational detail , of Atta 's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster .	21	Singular
Again Dr. Fortier threw rocks at the bear and again its target was able to escape .	12	Singular
Everyone tries it once — Except that there are n’t any mites around her .	11	Plural
But in the halls of the US Congress , few people pay any attention .	10	Plural
We 're entering into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio-political - spiritual territory here that may require further examination and serious introspection .	13	Singular
The McCutchan Art Center / Pace Galleries at USI bases its exhibit around roughly 100 Polaroids selected from its collection .	18	Singular
Emergency teams in the southern US are battling to reach survivors of Hurricane Katrina , the most destructive storm to hit the country in decades .	10	Plural
He was deposited in an office on the 33rd floor where a pricy church lawyer interrogated him for two hours . "	13	Singular
In the Oct. 31 letters , electricity producers told federal officials that if price caps were n't removed it would lead to a collapse of the energy market .	26	Singular
As 2005 progresses , the road ahead will become clearer .	5	Singular
However , with my natural long , I 'm not looking to really trade around the position .	3	Singular
Since moving back from college and trying to settle roots in the Village , I have referred to the La Jolla Blue Book for a ton of local numbers .	19	Singular
Jean & Thane --	2	Singular
It is easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sings : " I 've got a feeling , a feeling I ca n't hide ... " in front of Yoko in the film .	34	Singular
So that alarms me , because there 's quite serious potential for adverse effects and brain damage in the next generation of children born in this country , " he said .	7	Singular
Conference Plus will be hosting this call :	6	Singular
It 's a little hard to parse , but at this point his ostensible view is that the Gateses are very good money - redistributors , and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible .	18	Plural
The Skilled Worker category was my first attempt at permanent residency .	5	Singular
cut of all contact and tighten up your PC security .	9	Singular
“ Superheroes are outside of human experience and so is this , so I treated it like a drama , ” Zimmer says .	6	Singular
There 's a Canon EOS T2i , with the exact same sensor , just no articulating screen .	5	Singular
Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .	11	Singular
I frequent this resturant on a weekly basis but usally only for lunch .	7	Singular
" One of the reasons that iodine is going down is because people are taking that good healthy eating message and not adding salt during cooking . "	18	Singular
And that 's what they call living , that life at the grindstone , doing the same thing over and over again ....	17	Singular
Opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .	0	Plural
I have been going to Nick for 5 months now precisely because he does pay attention to detail .	5	Singular
He recovered and became a prisoner of war at surrender of Charleston , South Carolina on May 12 , 1780 .	11	Singular
Part 1 of 2 : Flirting Dos	6	Plural
By flooding himself with externals , by drowning himself out of himself , he had managed to exert some small degree of control over his fits of despair .	25	Plural
Some strategies being used by NASA & Company in relation to China and other space planning countries are mentioned here after being gleaned from a news item underneath .	25	Singular
Just recently discovered them last time I was down there , they 're very nice ) www.kaffeeeis.co.nz	11	Plural
Former Pastor , Deputy Implicated In Church Child Sex Abuse	6	Singular
Harry , Ron and Hermione strolled off along the winding , cobbled street .	4	Singular
All this is highly unlikely , as with most al - Qaeda crackpot schemes .	9	Singular
For my part , I feel that the negotiations were balanced and that they open the way for achieving a sustainable market .	4	Singular
Talk delivered by Haim Harari at a meeting of the International Advisory Board of a large multi-national corporation , April , 2004 :	17	Singular
The hardest thing in running this business , which is why people ca n't do it , is the relationship that my wife has with the gals and with the customers .	2	Singular
Currently exurbs such as Apache Junction , Fountain Hills , Queen Creek , and Sun City are becoming part of this metropolitan area as well .	11	Singular
Andreas Bechtolsheim built a microcomputer ; Vinod Khosla recruited him and Scott McNealy to manufacture computers based on it , and Bill Joy to develop a UNIX - based OS for the computer .	0	Plural
How can i get Weed in Auckland ?	2	Singular
I expected to pay for this service , but imagine my surprise when I received a bill for MORE than what I paid to have the original return prepared .	21	Singular
And other parts of the economy that provide services to the financial sector – Porsche dealers and strip clubs , for example – will be similarly encouraged .	15	Plural
Users can view and print the components in view-only mode , but they can not interact with the components or use the design capabilities .	18	Plural
I understand the imminent cold weather is making things crazy , so now may not be the best time to be in your way .	23	Singular
For starters , the common funds are meager , with no prospect of being increased – not least because of Germany 's unrelenting opposition .	5	Plural
nevertheless , in this event these coping strategies may assist .	4	Singular
Mr President , our committee views these issues very differently and , to start , I will speak from the point of view of research .	5	Singular
Different ... one was in the jungle , the other is in the high mountain deserts .	6	Singular
I had a conversation with the woman running this place in April 2010 .	9	Singular
We used to go out and lay in the pasture on a blanket and watch for the space shuttle .	12	Singular
I gave my name , and looked about .	2	Singular
Texas Roadhouse is WAY better !!	2	Singular
Quinn watched them all , anchored to his spot , as if his whole being had been exiled to his eyes .	14	Singular
Never in history , not even in the Nazi period , was there such total disregard of all of the above as we observe now .	11	Singular
Additionally , you can only sign up for one Facebook account per email address .	12	Singular
Unfortunately , it seems that Europe will understand it only after suicide murders arrive in Europe in a big way .	19	Singular
And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka .	1	Singular
I think he 'd have embraced Henry Davis .	0	Singular
Can you help me interpret this statement and work through the numbers on my account .	11	Plural
Tasmania was excluded from the study - where an voluntary iodine fortification program using iodised salt in bread , is ongoing .	10	Singular
their mezza luna's are deffly better than the pizza rolls .	0	Plural
The idea about this site is that the visitors can send in their own pictures and get them added to the album .	1	Singular
Following enlargement , this type of activity is likely to develop further , which is also in line with the recommendation of the Pericles evaluator .	3	Singular
I EAT HERE AT LEAST 5 DAYS A WEEK .	0	Singular
per my vm	2	Singular
But events are totally unimportant for 2 reasons .	7	Plural
One week after that declaration , ONLY ONE WEEK LATER , Brian Epstein , forger of the Beatle farce , died from an overdose .	14	Singular
Yes storage for your luggages is still available at Gare Montparnasse .	5	Singular
The staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care my pup received was outstanding .	14	Singular
After every world war , the rules of international law have changed , and the same will happen after the present one .	3	Singular
I 'm not fond of the Google - hates - privacy argument	8	Singular
I found them and purchased both from a gallery in London , William Weston .	8	Singular
Speaking in the parents ' defense , Tom Molomby , SC , said that , as the parents came from India , where homeopathy is in common use , they should be declared not guilty due to cultural differences .	10	Singular
Use our " Like " button to increase the influence of your advert .	12	Singular
After all , if an adequately nourished mother provides critical health benefits to her offspring throughout their lives , women can be viewed as the custodians of future generations ' health .	11	Plural
I especially liked the Eco friendly atmosphere and the owner s love of all animals .	0	Singular
Kathy McMahon suggested that I contact you in an effort to gather information on : Enron 's Affirmative Action Policy and plans ; as well as demographic analysis of workforce ( gender , age , ethnic origin , nationality )	9	Singular
In addition , the police forces have successfully conducted a number of operations to dismantle workshops and seize large numbers of counterfeit banknotes and coins before they enter into circulation .	27	Plural
I must confess I am totally surprised that the Commission was not aware of this report , given its sensitivity at this particular time .	19	Singular
Country not open or not have fixed strategy = NASA & Company to use " freeze thawed " strategy especially when the country has a challenging , growing and ambitious space program .	22	Singular
What do the new al - Qaeda videotape and audio speeches of Bin Laden and Ayman al - Zawahiri tell us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the organization ?	4	Singular
With the Taliban failure to disrupt the Afghan elections , the militants are even more isolated from the mainstream Taliban who want to return home .	11	Plural
In order to design this curriculum we follow a four step approach with a Working Out Loud - principle ( Williams , 2010 ) :	14	Singular
Just wanted to confirm our meeting on Tuesday Aug 29th from 1:30 - 2:30 to discuss U of H 's endowment proposal .	16	Singular
Be warned - they 'll ltake you for everything they can .	9	Plural
In 1955 , Mishima took up weight training and his workout regimen of three sessions per week was not disrupted for the final 15 years of his life .	16	Singular
Export data to an XML file and , optionally , use an XSLT to transform the data to another format .	1	Singular
Mr President , Commissioner , in this minute and a half I should like , first of all , to congratulate Mrs Schroedter .	0	Singular
Fine-tune your News Feed .	3	Singular
Is it true that Facebook is going to charge to use the site ?	12	Singular
" Balzac has received high praise from critics as diverse as Walter Benjamin and Camille Paglia .	7	Plural
1 . The pricing that we have given CRRA is specific to FuelCell Energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer ( i.e. , ONSI would be a lot more money ) .	12	Singular
Quite apart from the potential bailout costs , some argue that financial hypertrophy harms the real economy by syphoning off talent and resources that could better be deployed elsewhere .	6	Plural
People do not go to Ireland on holiday for the weather , it is unpredictable .	7	Singular
I want to know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a report , not a legislative proposal , and whether that is something I can competently do on Thursday .	14	Singular
His father , born Bernard - François , was one of eleven children from a poor family in Tarn , a region in the south of France .	20	Singular
That is the information I have on this type of activity .	10	Singular
Unless you want to take the " tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she 's obviously not loving " approach which will likely get you ... uh ... nowhere .	22	Singular
Mr President , my report also concerns agriculture , bee-keeping to be precise .	0	Singular
Notwithstanding the above , Licensor reserves the right to release the Work under different license terms or to stop distributing the Work at any time ;	24	Singular
It resulted , however , in the abandonment of important pieces of heavy artillery , and it remains a matter of historical debate why the railway to Flensburg was never properly used for the evacuation .	7	Singular
Best weather the past couple of years has been around late April - late May but it can pour with rain for days on end at any time of the year so be prepared with waterproof jackets / boots etc .	1	Singular
The white pages allowed me to get in touch with parents of my high school friends so that I could track people down one by one and the restaurant section is basically my cookbook .	2	Plural
I am speaking for the first time in this plenary part - session , so this is quite exciting for me , a little like first love , although that did last longer than two minutes .	20	Singular
National superstores ( Walmart ) will let you walk the store for boxes when they are stocking the stores between 11 pm and 1 am .	3	Singular
the first part ( of four ) covers a span of six years , while the final two sections focus on just three days .	9	Singular
We look to it to challenge the UK Government , to ensure that the private sector , which surely must be providing the major impetus for Structural Funds expenditure , is involved in the planning stage .	8	Singular
I tried to stay here for a few nights with my girlfriend , so we asked for a single queen bed .	10	Singular
Literacy had been lost and Mycenaean script forgotten , but the Greeks adopted the Phoenician alphabet , modifying it to create the Greek alphabet .	6	Singular
Vince -	0	Singular
Its light was dim , and a heavy writing-desk squatted in the middle .	8	Singular
Other pro-Beijing candidates elected in this constituency were Gary Chan of DAB and Eunice Yung of New People 's Party .	16	Singular
The police would make you take it down and you may face fines and imprisonment ( but definitely not execution . )	14	Singular
Under our Constitution , this nomination can not take effect unless and until the United States Senate gives its Consent , as described in our Constitution , Article II , Section 2 .	25	Singular
However , Proust wrote later in life that the contemporary fashion to rank Balzac higher than Tolstoy was " madness .	19	Singular
I searched all over the internet , but I could not find one place in Tampa Bay that sells morcillas , also known as blood pudding , black pudding and blood sausages .	31	Plural
In Balzac Ewelina found a kindred spirit for her emotional and social desires , with the added benefit of feeling a connection to the glamorous capital of France .	12	Plural
After a series of economic setbacks , health problems , and prohibitions from the Tsar , the couple were finally able to wed .	14	Singular
October is National Magic Month in the US .	7	Singular
This town is comprised of a large residential community that includes Fort Lee natives , transplants from New York , and immigrants , especially from Korea .	13	Plural
The Commission 's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM ( PST ) .	8	Singular
The finals saw US team Cloud9 and Immortals , from Brazil , face off in Counter-Strike : Global Offensive .	1	Plural
When the Hasid returns to his seat after prayers , I tell him that my wife , a woman of learning , will be lecturing at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem .	30	Singular
I have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job # 0000108806 that has become available in your department .	15	Singular
1579 - EBS Network Co. Division of 17H .	5	Singular
Perhaps they do n't deliver anymore , but the deliciousness of a mezza luna certainly warrants a pickup .	12	Singular
EPM , Anyone Dealt with it ?	5	Singular
Throughout history , tyrants have known that by denying the right of oppressed peoples to form and nurture families , they can kill the spirit of those peoples .	3	Plural
The reality is that IP protection is an economic engine that developing - country citizens should not have to forego .	5	Singular
He is now losing the cheek muscle on the left side of his face and seems to be dropping weight by the day .	13	Singular
Friday , June 04 , 2004	2	Singular
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Friday 17 December 1999 , and I would like once again to wish you a happy new year in the hope that you enjoyed a pleasant festive period .	1	Singular
we purchased a new home but was unable to sell our old house so we contacted this property management company and they have helped us quickly rent out our house and keep it maintained .	24	Plural
( b ) Is it right that Enron has 3 sets of bad faith proceedings in Texas ?	14	Plural
Thanks again for your help with this project ,	7	Singular
You could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point , it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive .	28	Singular
You have fallen in a cultural misunderstanding .	6	Singular
It was a wrong number that started it , the telephone ringing three times in the dead of night , and the voice on the other end asking for someone he was not .	13	Plural
In the background , shining , is Renata , who is young and healthy and good , raising her arm to show her grandmother that the chip is nothing , nothing at all .	26	Singular
Located on the site of a 10th century mosque .	7	Singular
It might just be coincidence or the fact those great big trotters with those extremely long backs lost a bit of fine coordination to get those gangly bodies around those tighter turns .	22	Singular
Harry stared from his purple-faced uncle to his pale aunt , who was trying to heave Dudley to his feet .	5	Singular
I received this draft from Niagara Mohawk Marketing , Inc. for our review .	5	Singular
We are the downtrodden and dispossesed , the self - torturing , the disenfranchised convicts , drug and alcohol addicts , the unemployed and unemployable .	19	Plural
Once he has properly settled down , got use to the new smells and noises he will be fine .	1	Singular
The folder that contains the Access file , and any subfolders located in that folder .	14	Singular
Jim Lobe has more on the political implications of the Fallujah assault , both in Iraq and in Washington .	1	Singular
Most people have n't gone to work the last few days , although it seems that the rest of Baghdad is ' normal ' ( if you can define what normal is ) .	30	Singular
At the end of the 8th century , the Moravian Principality came into being in present - day south - eastern Moravia , Záhorie in south - western Slovakia and parts of Lower Austria .	32	Singular
Quinn did all his writing with a pen , using a typewriter only for final drafts , and he was always on the lookout for good spiral notebooks .	0	Singular
I came from Israel five years ago to be married in New Jersey .	11	Singular
The Debaathification Commission had been pushed by Ahmad Chalabi and his Iraqi National Congress very hard , and had pushed many Sunni Arabs into the arms of the guerrillas .	22	Plural
But I would like to say that safety is a priority objective for the Commission .	10	Singular
Under his administration , the female vote was approved , political parties were legalised , all of the exiled were allowed to return and the remaining political prisoners were freed .	1	Singular
And between the time I began my research and the time I applied , the minimum score did change once .	6	Singular
I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what 's the point ?	9	Plural
The conditions and arrangements for admission are set out in the Protocol annexed to this Treaty .	6	Plural
Michael L. Beatty & Associates , PC ; # 10461 , # 10469 & # 10468 dated 5/28/00 .	2	Singular
Paul was going out with Heather , but in front of the audience he played the faithful husband 's masquerade pretending to suffer for Linda , for the afore mentioned promotional ends .	19	Singular
If they do not , if businesspeople feel marginalised , if entrepreneurs cannot take part , not only in managing but also in receiving these funds , we will have missed an opportunity to attain our objectives more rapidly .	6	Plural
I highly recommend Debi , she does an amazing job , I " love " the way she cuts my hair , extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .	0	Singular
Radianz 1251 Avenue of the Americas 7th Floor New York , NY 10016 USA Phone : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4425 Fax : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4310 Cell : +1 ( 917 ) 859-7187 Email : kyle.jones@radianz.com	2	Singular
She ’s beyond the rail now , hanging out over the mountain - high drop .	1	Singular
I think the women at this salon know that their business is based primarily from referrals . :)	5	Singular
The Hank Green I know is hardly awesome .	3	Singular
I v just had my bmw z3 rear window replaced by the guys at kelvin trimmers .	12	Plural
It was surrounded by trees that blocked it from view of the village below , meaning that they could practise Quidditch there , as long as they did n't fly too high .	20	Singular
When the guys arrived ( 2 hours later than agreed ) they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from Brooklyn and extra $ 100 for them to drive back from your destination .	20	Plural
* Offers end user transportation rates for 2003 lower for most customers than rates in effect today . *	1	Singular
It was just before Easter Sunday , 1 and I was sitting at my table .	1	Singular
Sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront , and it is on a one - way street , but the restaurant itself is NEVER overcrowded .	6	Singular
That led to revelations over the last two days that at least six other Quebec journalists were targeted by provincial police surveillance operations .	0	Singular
The area is famous for its World War II wreck diving , and the site has been named in many lists of top dive spots in the world .	9	Singular
they have their own website which you can easily find using any search engine .	12	Singular
He was a common trader , from his youth up employed in these parts – nothing more .	0	Singular
she knows she is invading someone else 's territory , but ca n't help it , and has no where to go .	5	Singular
I was under the impression that Terry Kowalke had notified you of the implementation , TK was also made aware .	7	Singular
I 'm planning my trip to Asia and S. Korea is one of the destinations .	14	Plural
I would much rather put it off until I can afford to have the vacation of a lifetime as I 'm sure this trip is intended to be .	5	Singular
Essie	0	Singular
If that 's ok , how do you want your name to show up on the title and what address should I use ?	21	Singular
Example of aerated concrete , which provided a home for the subjects .	0	Singular
i m 33 .	0	Singular
Texas Roadhouse is WAY better !!	0	Singular
Just over 70 % of the plants grown from Earth seeds were alive after 17 days - just slightly more than the plants grown from space seeds - just over 66 % .	31	Singular
They are the only place I would take my car peiod .	9	Singular
I have just another brief comment on the foreign trade aspect .	5	Singular
This seems to me to be a workable solution .	8	Singular
“ Okay , ” my mother says .	4	Singular
I wanted to follow up with you regarding the creation and approval of ISDA Confirmations for the following equity trades that I understand Laurel had discussed with you previously .	14	Plural
In two months Carroll had learned that her parents lived on a farm several miles outside of town ; that they sold strawberries in summer , and Christmas trees in the winter .	28	Plural
It recently published its 50,000th article , and to discuss what the site has achieved since its creation , Wikinews interviewed the site 's founder , Jack Herrick .	16	Singular
That is an utterly ridiculous assumption .	5	Singular
Chris ,	0	Singular
We can not accept that situation . The first reading provided a remedy .	5	Singular
Play your CD's , 8 - tracks , reel to reels , cassettes , vinyl 33 / 45's , and shellac 78's through this little integrated amp , you 'll get a big eye opener !	20	Singular
The following illustration shows the data outline for the Orders page .	6	Singular
Auster was somewhat reticent about it , but at last he conceded that he was working on a book of essays . The current piece was about Don Quixote .	20	Plural
The US Marines took most of Fallujah Wednesday , but still face pockets of resistance .	6	Singular
42 - Number of nationalities of those detainees at Guantanamo .	7	Plural
WHERE : MAIN STREET SALOON	3	Singular
I will reccommend his services however / whenever possible !	4	Plural
I 'm not sure about the origin of the name but they are a lot of different cities with different and unique names like Miramar so it 's just a name .	9	Singular
This willingness is the main difference in the number of bombings in the south as opposed to the center - north of the country . )	1	Singular
One has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these people do n't know what they are , do n't care , or know perfectly well .	19	Plural
At the ceremony , NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announced the locations that would be given the three remaining Space Shuttle orbiters following the end of the Space Shuttle program .	18	Singular
A standard file format provided by Microsoft Data Links to create file-persistent OLE DB data source object definitions .	14	Singular
Poor old Dando .	2	Singular
certainly they have n't much to offer when they look for jobs with the BBC .	1	Plural
Internet Explorer has a default , built-in style sheet that displays the XML source as a (collapsible|expandable) tree .	4	Singular
This particular chair is designed to help with back problems , which she has .	2	Singular
“ While much of the digital transition is unprecedented in the United States , the peaceful transition of power is not , ” Obama special assistant Kori Schulman wrote in a blog post Monday .	23	Singular
Such a relaxing atmosphere and inspiring architecture .	6	Singular
Excellent service , close to the morse red line stop .	1	Singular
If even a modicum of normality and security can be returned to Iraq , its citizens will be able to benefit from the country 's petroleum reserves .	3	Singular
He might be sick take him to the vet to see	0	Singular
The radical Shiite Sadr movement issued a statement forbidding the participation of Iraqi troops in the attack on Fallujah , as well .	13	Plural
from my experience with my cats 13 - 18 years depending on the breed .	2	Singular
Strings of dusty niggers with splay feet arrived and departed ; a stream of manufactured goods , rubbishy cottons , beads , and brass-wire set into the depths of darkness , and in return came a precious trickle of ivory .	27	Plural
It will become EU law in a couple of years .	7	Singular
Isfahan International Airport or Isfahan Shahid Beheshti ( IATA : IFN ) was a military air base before the revolution .	8	Singular
Again and again he wonders how accurately his chronicler will record his adventures .	3	Singular
In the summer , Georges and his wife returned to Switzerland , accompanied by Rosane , an 18 year old who was the daughter of one of Germaine 's friends .	27	Singular
" Arafat 's secular nationalism was supple enough to compromise with Israel and to imagine a two - state solution , even if the road of negotiations remained rocky .	5	Singular
They were death metal brainwashed fans , literally fulfilling the death metal paradigm , er ... morality .	11	Singular
When I was a young man in Air Force ROTC I was chosen to attend a unique Pilot Training Program called Euro- NATO Joint Jet Pilot Training .	21	Singular
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted via e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .	0	Singular
Find a quarter or another small coin .	6	Singular
Short of that , avoid this place , as a silver Marriott member , this is a disgrace .	10	Singular
All offspring from this cross will have soft feathers , as hookless feathers are a recessive gene .	4	Singular
Madam President , our colleague , Mr Cox , has done some excellent work on the Commission 's proposal .	9	Singular
I have n't even changed the wording after I first put it down .	0	Singular
According to Rathbun , a detective for the Los Angeles Sheriff 's office was provided with material from Scientology to build a case against Montalvo .	12	Singular
Our fellow citizens ' days and nights are becoming increasingly noisy .	0	Plural
Lenny is a persistent bachelor who has poor luck with women .	10	Plural
One of “ NCRC4ME ’s ” major efforts is to collect signatures for the attached “ Declaration of Religious Leaders , ” which has been and will again be presented to members of the NC legislature .	3	Singular
Nearly every day , rain or shine , hot or cold , he would leave his apartment to walk through the city – never really going anywhere , but simply going wherever his legs happened to take him .	2	Singular
yes there are multiple around the world cruises , mainly offered by the more upscale lines .	15	Plural
I had paid in cash , and he said he had no receipt / record of my purchase .	0	Singular
Place your hands one on top of the other in your lap , keep your back straight , eyes closed and tongue on the roof of your mouth .	21	Singular
Camp , cook , sleep , strike camp , march .	7	Singular
Cyclone Phailin has winds that have been measured at 200 km / h , as it surges over land will it begin to lose strength ?	0	Singular
Upon return to New Orleans after the Hurricane Katrina evacuation , former residents have been informed that there are no available public housing units at River Garden because those units have been reserved for HANO employees .	1	Singular
While I hope I do n't have any need for a lawyer anytime soon , if I do I 'll definitely use this firm again .	3	Singular
Shaking , Harry let Dobby out of the wardrobe .	8	Singular
the stripes are like hair the less stipes the older .	1	Plural
You are individuals of quality , and in our alliance we seek quality of member over quantity of member .	14	Singular
You take a boat across the river , then spend a day biking , eating at a local restaurant , buying souvenirs and doing other things that are geared towards tourists .	3	Singular
Thirdly , just put your hand in his cge ans leave it their .	7	Singular
There are way more stranger names in the U.S for areas than Miramar .	12	Singular
It would be , he said , without taking notice of my irritation , ' interesting for science to watch the mental changes of individuals , on the spot , but ...	9	Singular
It is a revolutionary hybrid .	1	Singular
This is a photograph by Franz Hueber .	1	Singular
Le Monde gloated over this reversal .	1	Singular
A shipment of weapons , ammunition and explosives , believed to have been purchased from Cambodia and worth several million dollars , left the port of Phuket in Thailand in early February 2001 aboard the freighter Comex - Joux 3 .	7	Plural
It is n't made to tighten overly large shoes .	8	Plural
--- The Crew Exploration Vehicle ( CEV ) is funded at $ 268 million .	2	Singular
The actual word " MAD " has to be on the cover and incorporated into the image .	4	Singular
The early voting suggests that this time the Latin Americans will come out to vote in greater numbers , but it is unclear whether the increase will have an impact .	9	Plural
I 'm planning on buying a compact system camera at best buy ; so please list the one ( s ) I should purchase .	8	Singular
WHERE : 550 West C St. ( b/t Columbia & India ) Suite 1810 Law Offices of Levine , Steinberg , Miller & Huver 619-231-9449	23	Singular
American defence chiefs hired a US firm to take the guns , from the 90s Bosnian war , to Iraq .	1	Singular
There was yet a visit to the doctor .	4	Singular
This place is clean and well run with great people .	0	Singular
I , along with my friends , consider this doctor to be the cause of my death as he is not even trying to save my life by operating .	4	Singular
The social status of women is far below what it was in the Western World 150 years ago .	14	Singular
I was on my way to my wedding fearing death , basically . "	0	Singular
With the US military presence posing a threat on their borders in both Iraq and Afghanistan , Iran ’s moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise Karzai so that the US presence in Afghanistan is reduced .	33	Singular
To make a difference in America you must have the " Bully Pulpit " and speak to the People .	11	Singular
As people have said , the situation there is extremely volatile .	1	Plural
If you want chocolate cupcakes , add cocoa ( about 1/2 cup ) to this stage .	4	Plural
11 - Number of press conferences during his first three years in office in which Bush referred to questions as being " trick " ones .	5	Plural
okay so i live in San Rafael Ca like by the mi pueble and the Home Depot .. what are fun things to do around there ?	2	Singular
This is one example of what happens when Bush gets a question that he has n't anticipated .	0	Singular
Some times , the airline provides these at the airport , however check first that this is the case .	16	Singular
They tell me he 's got the contract for the whole Isoza River reclamation scheme ... employs engineers from Poland and Italy	14	Singular
openness of participation , added value , representativeness , quantified and staged objectives , involvement of civil society , monitoring and reporting , cost-effectiveness of administering a self-regulatory initiative , sustainability .	0	Singular
I think to say it was unexpected is inaccurate , because it implies that there was a well-founded expectation of something .	5	Singular
Must say , in Delhi it 's hard to get good price / quality rating .	13	Singular
Yes , I know about the Kindle Fire but that 's not what I want (: Does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars ?	9	Singular
They can also choose how many and what types of these public updates they get .	0	Plural
The other staff reports are also looking good .	3	Plural
Include items like toiletries , toilet paper , bottled water , snacks and a change of clothes in case you can not unpack everything in time .	11	Plural
They are entitled to equal rights as to marriage , during marriage and at its dissolution .	1	Plural
Neither one of us had ever been - so we thought we 'd try it .	14	Singular
I 'm hearing some pretty depressing stuff from the people I know at ENE .	9	Plural
The rescued members included Bangladeshis and Rohingya , a stateless minority of Muslims from Myanmar .	10	Singular
This process will continue in accordance with the financial spending guidelines laid down by the EU leaders at their Berlin Summit last year , which were supported by Parliament at its last May plenary part - session .	9	Singular
Although Iceland was under the political control of Denmark until a much later date ( 1918 ) , very little influence and borrowing from Danish has occurred in the Icelandic language .	30	Singular
After these successes , he signed a contract with Team Telekom and moved in with his girlfriend in Merdingen in Südbaden , where he lived until 2002 .	9	Singular
The Pentagon is bypassing official US intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in Iran in preparation for any possible attack , former and current intelligence officials say ...	30	Singular
Tet made it clear that the war was a long way from being over if the Americans thought they could preserve the South and that the North was perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight .	26	Singular
Over time it has merged with the neighboring cities of Scottsdale , Tempe , Glendale , Peoria , Chandler , and Gilbert to form the Greater Phoenix Metropolitan Area .	1	Singular
I shall also refer the matter to the College of Quaestors , and I am certain that they will be keen to ensure that we comply with the regulations we ourselves vote on .	8	Singular
Assan Abdullah Khan , 22 , London E17	2	Singular
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I am determined to prove to the Admissions commitee that I can excel with the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business .	23	Singular
The 1.25 million people who have been housed in stadiums and convention centers across Texas will begin to populate Houston , Dallas , San Antonio and Galveston , and the surrounding areas .	21	Singular
He did comment on what he meant by the phrase . '	0	Singular
They have messed up my order and .... The food was just not good !	4	Singular
and you ! said Mrs Weasley , but it was with a slightly softened expression that she started cutting Harry bread and buttering it for him .	5	Singular
His first wife died of cancer about ten years ago and he has married again .	12	Singular
From this point of view , stale structures and a self - satisfied elite are the reason why the health system , education and foreign trade in the USA is in such bad shape .	33	Singular
Any help ?	1	Singular
A major part of Wales , as you know , has been granted Objective 1 status under the Structural Funds programme .	10	Singular
And being dehydrated , vomiting , and having diarrhea just does n't feel good .	10	Singular
Eventually , in about 512 - 511 BC , the Macedonian king Amyntas I accepted the Achaemenid domination and surrendered his country as a vassal state to the Achaemenid Persia .	7	Singular
Although disability is not contagious , interest in disabled sports might put into question the masculinity of the males following it .	6	Singular
The games involve challenges and rules involving the exercise of cognitive functions , especially the working memory , attention and capacity of solving problems .	5	Plural
Use an Extensible Stylesheet Language Transformation ( XSLT ) file to transform the data into an Access data format .	4	Singular
Blooming onion , the only reason to visit this restaurant .	9	Singular
Before Harry could move , Dobby had darted to the bedroom door , pulled it open – and sprinted down the stairs .	21	Plural
I purchased a nissan from this dealship .	0	Singular
Mr President , I would firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Koch , on his magnificent work and his positive cooperation with the Commission with regard to improving the texts and presenting this report and this proposal ;	34	Singular
Just ' wanting to come to Canada " is NOT enough .	8	Singular
This may be around 1 / 2 of their full adult size , probably 4 - 5 " for those guys .	19	Plural
A Health Care Proxy is not written in stone and can be changed .	4	Singular
You see the thing had gone off like a box of matches .	9	Singular
One witness at the Moutasaddiq trial in Germany alleged that Zarqawi had not allowed Monotheism and Holy War to share resources with al - Qaeda in the early zeroes of the 21st century .	10	Singular
I am going to count it as signed , since BC Gas has signed , but we still need it to be signed by ECC .	0	Singular
When you open an Access file , if Access does n't find a referenced file in the specified location , it searches for the reference as follows .	9	Singular
Mr. President , as a Nobel Peace Prize recipient and as one of the fathers of the modern peace process in Israel , do you still think that there is a future to the peace process ?	35	Singular
That he managed to get on the wagon ( though with that pretzel incident , you wonder how firmly ) is laudable .	7	Singular
The crop dusters were to be part of a " second wave . "	11	Singular
If someone is continually telling unfunny jokes , do you eventually fire them ?	12	Plural
If you 're signed up for a class , check with your instructor to find out if there is a dress code at the school .	18	Singular
The paper taste of the wafer was still in my mouth and I took a deep breath of the leather .	6	Singular
The Russian Empire was an agglomeration of diverse ethnicities that had shown significant signs of disunity in the years before the First World War .	18	Plural
Only 3000 copies were published of the first edition .	8	Singular
can ever & never forget the training undergone here which made my life step onto the successful job without any hurdles .	11	Singular
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch .	19	Singular
I used to be , said Quinn .	6	Singular
In recent months , its fallibility has become evident .	5	Singular
Bilbray joined the " gouging " band wagon .	4	Singular
Pictures in a form or report are converted to bitmaps and placed in a folder named " Images " .	17	Plural
lol ... Kolkata is not for sale !!!!!!	6	Singular
Sat. Sept. 23 - Drive to St. Tropez - through Nice , Cannes & other coastal towns , check - in mid afternoon	16	Plural
yep they fixeded my thumpstar in 1 day .	4	Singular
Be Careful Of Who Your Sales Guy Is	7	Singular
As an overview , this proposal : * Maintains the basic Gas Accord structure in place today for the period 2003 to 2007 . *	15	Singular
If the load was 99 tonnes there were probably less than 20,000 .	5	Plural
Rabbits do burrow also so do n't be surprised if chicken are falling into holes .	10	Singular
CONTACT William McGinnis ( Rev. Bill McGinnis ) 1908 Mt Vernon Ave # 2543 Alexandria , VA 22301 7037686710 bmc...@patriot.net	2	Singular
Quick to take money but not quick to fix a problem !	3	Singular
President Bush pinched a few nerves yesterday with his choice of words :	11	Plural
This technique releases the new power and flexibility of the poetry in plays such as Julius Caesar and Hamlet .	12	Plural
i would n't bother with yoga i 'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem , ride bareback , with no irons , there s also a way to ride on your knees ?	15	Singular
email them at address below	1	Plural
Dobby has heard of your greatness , sir , but of your goodness , Dobby never knew	14	Singular
The letter bombs were sent in connection with the treatment of the Egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the WTC and a related plot .	13	Plural
187 - Number of Bush - Cheney fund - raisers who had earned Ranger status ( by raising $ 200,000 each ) as of March 2004 .	7	Singular
Or is it an expensive standard or prepayment tariff ?	2	Singular
I also have a profile they fill out for me , a mini-MMPI that I developed , so that I have an idea -- Rebecca and I put it together	26	Singular
As far as the EEI goes , the only remaining issue that I 'm aware of ( aside from finalizing the LOC ) is whether we 've finished coordinating the Attachment containing the list of prior transactions .	23	Singular
This overall favourable situation is the result of a long preparation at both legislative and institutional level and demonstrates the high level of cooperation achieved in EU and at international level .	30	Singular
So now we 'll be in the Voice for a while .	2	Plural
Two Judges shall be appointed to the Court of Justice and two Judges shall be appointed to the General Court .	19	Singular
everywhere one looks , it seems , there are deep-seated problems .	5	Singular
He did not like the girl sitting next to him , and it offended him that she should be casually skimming the pages that had cost him so much effort .	9	Singular
The US has strongly opposed a nuclear weapons program of Iran , yet Israel , which to this day has never officially said that they posses nuclear weapons , ranks around fifth in nuclear strength .	29	Singular
He was a blond-haired boy of five or six .	0	Singular
I think it 's a combination of the beauty , of the imagination , of the freedom .	8	Singular
The city was founded by the Spanish conquistadors in the 1540s on top of a centuries-old Maya city called T'ho .	16	Singular
Changing the connection information of a page	3	Singular
Many times prideful people have a serious ' my-way's-the-only-way ' attitude .	3	Plural
Although the area is only about 11 percent of the surface area of Europe , the Alps provide up to 90 percent of water to lowland Europe , particularly to arid areas and during the summer months .	3	Singular
After training , Bush kept flying , racking up hundreds of hours in F - 102 jets .	11	Plural
Secondly , that is normal behavior as they use the wheels in the night .	10	Plural
Jared , Ruth and I are going to go over all the Florida activity tomorrow morning .	14	Singular
It was small and leathery-looking , with a large , knobbly , bald head exactly like a potato .	1	Singular
Fedayeen are now visible on the street and they have become bolder than ever .	6	Singular
The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup of photo-ops , with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation .	18	Singular
She is going to be a kinesiologist , sports injury therapist .	9	Singular
For the time being , the deal between Aoun and Hariri has brought the two enemy factions closer together .	2	Singular
I 'm in my 20's and currently studying in France .	0	Singular
However , he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron 's interests .	8	Plural
It sounds ( according to your own statement ) that they had a roomful of dogs , so they must be doing something right - and are keeping those dogs safe from potential problems .	7	Singular
The consul and his wife had been swept into some back room by the presence of aides , secretaries , and the necessity to keep their cats out of the way of Lady Dorothy 's dog .	30	Singular
such a great idea this was , so easy to load and pack , no ramp , no step up no back aches .	18	Singular
Afshari , who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war , said that when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their education system , the Mujahedeen refused .	0	Singular
Importantly , studying eye movements offers an insight that does not depend on the participants ’ beliefs , memories or subjective impressions of the artwork .	7	Singular
Would n't go back as there are a lot of places A LOT better and cheaper .	12	Singular
her first stories were published in a minor newspaper under her pen name , Ichiyo Higuchi .	15	Singular
Again , I think the problem is people who sink to far into their own egos , and begin to take their personal metaphors a bit too literaly .	25	Singular
Here is a product page from a company that makes mold making materials	9	Singular
Dobby might have saved Harry from horrible happenings at Hogwarts , but the way things were going , he 'd probably starve to death anyway .	14	Plural
If you edit the ConnectionString property of a page that is linked to a connection file , the link will be broken and the ConnectionFile property will be set to null .	18	Singular
He is already demanding claims that Israel said no to not only the world , but to Arafat himself .	13	Singular
But why would Sancho and the others go to all that trouble ?	11	Singular
The next day an angry Musharraf categorically said that Pakistan would not send Pakistani troops to Iraq , a clear snub to the Americans .	23	Plural
I had sonic in many other palces but for some reason this sonic is always just covered in grease and not good ... :(	2	Singular
However , having driven with you on several occasions I feel confident you will be able to pass the test with flying colors .	8	Plural
In his self-appointed role of emperor , Norton issued numerous decrees on matters of the state .	15	Singular
One thing you can be sure of about Irish weather is how little you can be sure of .	1	Singular
Comfortable and clean beds , a bit noisy when people were coming in late from a night out , but we did n't mind too much as we were also just coming in from a night out !	27	Plural
At run time , users can change the layout of the PivotTable list .	12	Singular
As the survey cited in the above - linked article shows , most Google users do n't intend to use Gmail , and Google is n't even as popular as Yahoo! and AOL .	32	Singular
He would drink one for several months and then switch , for similar good reasons ( it was more digestible , it was less likely to produce an after-thirst ) to another .	14	Plural
Struggle my arse .	1	Singular
Roy ,	0	Singular
These seats are in Section 104 , Row D , Seats 1 - 4 .	7	Singular
You should really ask this in the art section .	7	Singular
Finally a chambermaid stuck her head around the corner from the top of the stairs and told us sternly that we could not be accommodated until 3 M , no exceptions .	11	Singular
Unfortunately Debbie and I will not be able to attend due to previous committments .	13	Plural
He did n't have my number either because this was the first time I 've called HIM instead of his dad .	4	Singular
Yau Wai-ching defeated another localist camp candidate , veteran politician Raymond Wong of the Proletariat Political Institute , by 424 votes .	0	Singular
He can eat grain and I already have a feed regimen in my head for the guy since he ca n't eat regular hay .	12	Singular
International law does not know how to deal with a leader of murderers who is royally and comfortably hosted by a country , which pretends to condemn his acts or just claims to be too weak to arrest him .	38	Singular
Women should make every effort to make way for monks on the street and give them room so they do not have to make contact with you .	18	Plural
Earlier this year Seagal was given Serbian nationality after offering to set up a martial arts school in the capital Belgrade .	20	Singular
I popped in after my afternoon pumpkin spice latte break at Starbucks .	6	Singular
If the weight is going into your heels ( it throws your leg forward ) put the stirrups up against the heel of your boot .	12	Singular
" In a Hasidic sweater factory in New Jersey .	7	Singular
I turned to Whitman to find some understanding of what is happening in the world right now .	7	Singular
Use the " Subscribe " button to choose what you see from friends and others in News Feed .	14	Plural
We envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order , filing , etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information .	35	Singular
Western and Afghan diplomats intimately involved with the meeting , said Bush pushed Musharraf hard on reigning in the Taliban so the elections could take place peacefully .	3	Plural
San Francisco was settled in the 19th and 20th century by mainly European immigrants except for some Asian workers who were manual laborers .	0	Singular
Controls in the Form , Report , or page header sections will be placed as unbound controls in the caption section of the outermost group level .	3	Singular
Those are just a few reasons why I love trail riding , competitive or not .	5	Plural
As a result , many people quickly open emails or mindlessly click on links and attachments with nary a thought of its consequences .	15	Plural
4 Peels :	1	Plural
Editorial Manager Chet Clem and President Sean Mills .	2	Singular
I do get my hackles up a bit when people haul out the old ' Rock - N - Roll made them do it ' argument .	4	Plural
Anse Bertrand , not far from there , you can visit La pointe de la Grande Vigie , northern point of mainland Guadeloupe .	15	Singular
You can find them From Indian Oil Building , Sector - 37 , Taj Express Road ( Bus Stops ) etc.	5	Singular
Starlin took over as plotter the following issue , and began developing an elaborate story arc centered on the villainous Thanos , and spread across a number of Marvel titles .	4	Singular
You can not walk 5 feet without smelling that disgusting cigarette smoke and it blows right into the windows all day and all night .	23	Singular
Well , they 've been clamouring away , of course , but he 's refused to touch the army .	18	Singular
I have no idea how China Delight won number 1 Chinese restaurant in Montgomery - There needs to be a recount on that vote .	6	Singular
The administrator of the SQL Server can also add additional security by changing the default SA account password .	14	Singular
With luck , the Kashmir Valley can attract investment from the Middle East and other locations where Muslims are dominant and become a tourist , education and services haven within India .	30	Singular
Hagrid had steered him right into Diagon Alley .	6	Singular
Whereas recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom , justice and peace in the world ;	28	Singular
This Directive is a contribution to this .	1	Singular
" In his own novels James explored more of the psychological motives of the characters and less of the historical sweep exhibited by Balzac - a conscious style preference .	20	Singular
And they must be greeted with an open spirit and clear mind because they form the new generation of beauty and hope .	8	Singular
Davis was the settler M.P. who had been responsible , at one stage , for getting Mweta banished to the far Western Province .	4	Singular
All it takes is two twist ties and a few seconds of patience .	12	Singular
Accordingly , the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP ( the only one and therefore the one they have to choose ) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract .	31	Singular
Artist 's rendering of Spacecraft Stardust	4	Singular
If it makes the room laugh , it probably ends up in the paper .	7	Singular
it is difficult to detect the benefits of this innovation in GDP statistics .	6	Plural
What is the dress code for males at Del Frisco 's Philadelphia ?	1	Singular
Snowman would jump the high fencing that separated the two properties and always return to where he felt was home .	10	Plural
Philip	0	Singular
It is often beautiful , but its sentences tend to start , pause , and finish at the end of lines , with the risk of monotony .	0	Singular
While some of his books never reached a finished state , some of those - such as Les employés ( The Government Clerks , 1841 ) - are nonetheless noted by critics .	7	Singular
either way you also need to keep an eye on the temperature if you are using a dry fish tank as UV lights in my experience up the temperature significantly and without proper ventilation it can become an oven .	17	Singular
Image : Nick Moreau .	2	Singular
Aquiriums are good also , but provide a mesh top for an easy airway .	9	Singular
Let 's talk before I leave town next Wednesday .	4	Singular
You can transform the native XML data into a specific Access format by choosing from the options in the Import XML dialog box .	19	Singular
That means expense , space , and they require weekly cage cleaning .	2	Singular
We have been working with the State Affairs legislative committee and keeping them apprised .	0	Plural
Where coordinating tax policy is concerned , the main objective is to limit manoeuvring and distortions on the capital markets .	19	Plural
ANA used a creative grouping of keywords to target advertising to users specifically interested in traveling and Japanese culture and developed advert creative that resonated with their audience .	27	Singular
I want to use this opportunity to welcome Brian Ryner to Google !	5	Singular
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language .	13	Singular
Terminal 3 : Delta , Frontier , Hawaiian , JetBlue	7	Singular
I 'm looking to visit India with some mates at the beginning of February next year and I am wandering what standard of accommodation we could get for Rs 500 per person per night .	5	Singular
Montalvo is holding a copy of the book Blown for Good critical of Scientology , written by Marc Headley .	17	Singular
I have never had a problem with their hours because I always go during the mornings .	10	Singular
Imperial Hubris makes the case that lots of people in the CIA and counter-terrorism divisions elsewhere in the US government knew all about Bin Laden and the threat he posed .	14	Plural
I mean the theory was , whether you believe it or not , that it would be a defensive alliance against potential Soviet aggression , that ’s the basic doctrine .	9	Singular
> From the shameful history of slavery in America , the injustice of forbidding people to marry is evident as a denial of a basic human right .	21	Singular
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( Phone ) 713-646-3393 ( Fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	1	Singular
He co-starred as Humphrey Bogart 's younger brother , a carefree playboy , in Sabrina ( 1954 ) , played by Audrey Hepburn .	3	Singular
Larry Ellison and Bob Oats were working on a consulting project for the CIA ( Central Intelligence Agency ) .	3	Singular
On September 17 , 1859 , he took matters into his own hands and distributed letters to the various newspapers in the city , proclaiming himself " Emperor of these United States " :	31	Plural
How about a pre-meeting web site cruise on Friday , July 7 at 11 AM EDT ?	5	Singular
To strengthen America 's position , and at the same time to do good ;	2	Singular
This is about my farrier , girls .	0	Singular
His one - day mission vaulted his communist homeland into the elite circle of spacefaring nations - Russia and the United States - that can launch and sustain humans in space .	12	Singular
Mr. ARCHIBALD : People have different ways of starting the days in any office .	10	Plural
eReader Tablet Comparison ; B & N Nook Tablet , B & N Nook Color , Kindle Fire , HTC Flyer	1	Singular
But he is in town , now ?	1	Singular
That is another reason why I like competitive trail riding also .	9	Singular
A short , irritable-looking man was dancing around taking photographs with a large black camera that emitted puffs of purple smoke with every blinding flash .	17	Plural
Anyone who 's stayed on is a fool if he has n't thought about that , said Bray .	10	Singular
For example , some snakes will routinely go off their food in both the summer and winter , feeding mainly in spring and fall .	14	Singular
Or just purchase the Color ?	4	Singular
Er – I do n't want to be rude or anything , but – this is n't a great time for me to have a house-elf in my bedroom .	14	Singular
Clough only goes in for the last year , after self-government 's been granted and the date for independence 's been given .	16	Singular
$ 5 m - Amount a 1996 federal commission was given to study legalised gambling .	14	Singular
i would n't bother with yoga i 'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem , ride bareback , with no irons , there s also a way to ride on your knees ?	0	Singular
The Spanish story will surely end up being extremely costly to other European countries , including France , who is now expelling inciting preachers and forbidding veils and including others who sent troops to Iraq .	2	Singular
I won a golf lesson certificate with Adz through a charity auction .	0	Singular
Here 's the info for calling in -- thanks !	8	Singular
First two times up , Kingsman hits solo shots , he said . Boom , boom . Big mothers – all the way to the moon .	8	Plural
In some respects I do n't think the first panel could have gone much better ; everyone thanked FERC for intervening ( though for different reasons ) .	25	Plural
When you walk across landscapes , it leaps up in the aftermath of your footsteps trying to grab debris .	11	Singular
To this end , Europe as a whole , and each Member State individually , will have to make optimum use of all available resources and capacities , including the Structural Funds .	2	Singular
After 9/11 , Yazid Sufaat traveled to Afghanistan and Pakistan to work for the Taliban Medical Brigade and to continue his work with anthrax .	21	Singular
We will fight with them about who owes the $ 200 k that James mentions below based on their failure to " assist " us in managing the cost .	4	Plural
Savage 's readers voted to define santorum as ; " the frothy mixture of lube and fecal matter that is sometimes the byproduct of anal sex . "	14	Singular
This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .	1	Singular
The coefficient and standard error are as followed :	4	Singular
You just want to be sure you can groom and saddle sufficiently and the horse itself is calm enough so that whatever size it is , you can handle it .	23	Singular
By dumping some portion of their reserves , these countries could put the dollar under intense pressure and send U.S. interest rates skyrocketing .	9	Plural
Then the Dursleys appeared and Dudley rattled the bars of the cage , laughing at him .	15	Singular
By comparing my observations to what my colleagues and predecessors had found , I figured out what group it belongs to , and was able to determine that within that group , it was a new species .	18	Singular
So my advice is that NEVER TRUST THIS DEALER .	7	Singular
Joseph Manogue at Tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the draft ISDA doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original .	21	Plural
He had a uniform jacket with one button off , and seeing a white man on the path , hoisted his weapon to his shoulder with alacrity .	23	Singular
Andrew was probably one of her children ;	5	Singular
So , I hope to pierce that prejudice forever with this group .	7	Plural
Even if you ca n't wait to live in your new house , curb your enthusiasm and resist the urge to cram all your possessions any which way into boxes .	29	Plural
... but basically , what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy ... lots of patience , lots of time , lots of praise , lots of treats , and lots of repition .... Right ?	7	Singular
It is no surprise that the federal and state governments have classified the National Natural Heritage as a nation - wide endeavor of the highest priority and have documented it starting in 2005 in a coalition contract .	9	Plural
The president of the Community of Madrid , Cristina Cifuentes , represents the most conservative , while leaders of the party , such as the Sectorial Under - Secretary , Javier Maroto , represent the most progressive .	1	Singular
some beautiful locations like close to Karol Bagh Shopping Market , Presidential Palace , and Birla Mandir Temple and Connaught Place and Jantar Mantar are near to it .	8	Singular
I would like both Lynn and I to participate .	4	Singular
I wish I had you as my dentist early on in my life - maybe my teeth would have been a lot better then they are now , However I am glad you are my dentist now .	0	Singular
Occasionally , after poring over an object in this way , Stillman would toss it back onto the sidewalk . But more often than not he would open his bag and lay the object gently inside it .	33	Singular
Anse Bertrand , not far from there , you can visit La pointe de la Grande Vigie , northern point of mainland Guadeloupe .	1	Singular
He was a thin man , going bald , but the little hair he had was as red as any of his children 's .	15	Singular
This is a right which does not incur financial consequences .	9	Plural
Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under John 's name ( if so , to whom will the letter be sent ) ?	0	Singular
Of course , the sooner the US soldiers can be withdrawn in favor of less - provocative local or international forces , the better .	12	Singular
In Hong Kong 's High Court , two years later , Jutting appeared largely composed .	8	Plural
Also found in Socotra 's landscape is the ever-strange and extremely rare Cucumber Tree .	12	Singular
Papua New Guinea is often labelled as potentially the worst place in the world for gender violence .	10	Singular
Get feedback from researchers on possible subjects , based on the knowledge and skills they feel librarians need ;	3	Plural
50 - Percentage decline in Environmental Protection Agency enforcement actions against polluters under Bush 's watch .	7	Singular
Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest .	0	Singular
At least one expert believes China 's intentions might include a surprise attempt to circle the moon with astronauts before NASA 's planned lunar return .	24	Singular
A taste of Argentina .	1	Singular
I have no idea how China Delight won number 1 Chinese restaurant in Montgomery - There needs to be a recount on that vote .	3	Singular
( do not take away the food dish from the birds , they will associate you as the person who takes away their food ) ....	22	Plural
I 'll admit I was n't expecting much from this place , but they really did do a good job .	10	Singular
This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed .	7	Singular
Not when I was there , but I was n't there the whole time .	8	Singular
BTW you do nt want your leg locked in place , it will move WITH the horse a bit .	9	Singular
When it comes to genetic engineering , however , science seems to matter less than politics .	9	Singular
Please check out my who let the dog out blog .	9	Singular
The rapporteur is asking for a threshold of 50 to 30 ppm , which would also involve excessive cost without appreciable benefit .	1	Singular
Near the end of his life Balzac was captivated by the idea of cutting 20,000 acres ( 81 Km2 ) of oak wood in Ukraine and transporting it for sale in France .	7	Singular
Worst experience ever like a sardine can and the bartender downstairs is the rudest person I have ever met .	11	Singular
The executives also received so - called " performance pay " for succeeding or surpassing expectations , sharing a pot of $ 1.5 million among them , or an estimated $ 15,000 each on average .	15	Plural
Firstly , it proposes the adoption of a regulation improving the transparency and authenticity of quality marks .	13	Singular
I congratulated this establishment for doing the research on making NYC pizza because these Scots fcking nailed it .	3	Singular
The bungling of post-war Iraq by the Bush administration created a weak and failed state .	8	Singular
He refused to believe them and ordered the military to win the war within two to three years ( before the next election in 1968 ) .	17	Plural
Image : NASA	0	Singular
A joint of roast pork was sizzling in the oven .	4	Singular
They have been my only " go - to " resource since we first did business together .	12	Plural
Dobby has heard of your greatness , sir , but of your goodness , Dobby never knew	5	Singular
Thank you very much and we hope to hear from you soon !	5	Plural
I suggest Mr Evans goes back and reads the Regulation .	1	Singular
i put $ 5 bucks down for it too .	7	Singular
He was drinking .	1	Singular
This step seems trivial , but it is really the most important part !	2	Singular
Balzac had better luck publishing the memoirs of Laure Junot , Duchess of Abrantès - with whom he also had an affair .	3	Singular
Take the messages for what they are : she has no objection in you being pals at uni , but she does not want to take matters further .	8	Singular
Nice local pub , excellent food ( especially wings ) , and do n't go if you have a limited amount of time .	8	Plural
I would like to repeat my appreciation to all the speakers and especially to the rapporteur , Mr Koch .	15	Singular
$ 44 m - Amount the Bush - Cheney 2000 campaign and the Republican National Committee received in contributions from the fossil fuel , chemical , timber , and mining industries .	10	Singular
People goggled through the bars at him as he lay , starving and weak , on a bed of straw .	4	Plural
Keep swirling the mixture until the Skittles are almost completely dissolved .	3	Singular
César was personally informed of Pompey 's actions by Curio , who at that time had finished his term in office .	7	Plural
Since the 1960s , the South Korean economy has grown enormously and the economic structure was radically transformed .	14	Singular
When China 's currency ceases to be undervalued , American shoppers in Wal - Mart , where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in China , will think they are in Neiman Marcus .	14	Singular
Shakespeare Electronic Conference , Vol. 6 , No. 0832 . Monday , 23 October 1995 .	7	Singular
Additional cost will be incurred for the remainder of this year , that I have not been able to review yet .	7	Singular
Mrs Plooij - Van Gorsel , I can tell you that this matter is on the agenda for the Quaestors ' meeting on Wednesday .	21	Singular
No change appeared on the face of the rock .	5	Singular
Quite apart from the potential bailout costs , some argue that financial hypertrophy harms the real economy by syphoning off talent and resources that could better be deployed elsewhere .	16	Singular
The letter bombs were sent in connection with the detention of the blind sheik Abdel Rahman and those responsible for the earlier World Trade Center bombing in 1993 .	15	Singular
Like Iran , Syria 's military is nothing to scoff at .	5	Singular
I have a few questions , first I want to start a sump filter , but I have no idea on how the water intake and water return would work .	0	Singular
Literacy had been lost and Mycenaean script forgotten , but the Greeks adopted the Phoenician alphabet , modifying it to create the Greek alphabet .	23	Singular
I 'm sorry he makes me want to puke so I shut him off .	0	Singular
When you come to ncfa you will see a real instructor that teaches and trains everyday !	10	Singular
I believe ENE will continue to be range bound , but in case it is not , I do n't want to forgo 50 % of my option premium .	7	Singular
In China the hair is typically put in a chemical bath to remove the cuticle completely , Tarlo explains .	10	Singular
Email : Bill McGinnis < bmc...@patriot.net >	3	Singular
Norton has been immortalized as the basis of characters in the literature of writers Mark Twain , Robert Louis Stevenson , Christopher Moore , Morris and Goscinny , Selma Lagerlöf , and Neil Gaiman .	29	Singular
No extensions shall be granted for the contracting period .	7	Singular
Madam President , I would also like to thank Mrs Bonino wholeheartedly for her work on behalf of the women in Kabul .	16	Singular
And she offered him the flowerpot .	3	Singular
If your ruling is that I cannot give an explanation of vote , I accept that but accept with reservations .	5	Singular
The other guy was pulled over one day and a cop saw suspicious papers with names and social security numbers on it .	21	Singular
Anyway , I tried to get a preorder but no places were selling it so I missed out on 2/3 weekend events .	7	Singular
It 's impossible to understand how this place has survived .	8	Singular
Office 2002 application installed on computer	2	Singular
What I criticise is the spirit underlying these amendments .	1	Singular
I really do need answers and advice , and NOT INSULTING ANSWERS !!	11	Plural
Disatisfied customer , I went through Kitchen Aid and used one of their recommended vendors .	3	Singular
They did a very bad job with my hair and were extremely rude when I went back to ask them why it did n't work for my hair .	21	Singular
Markus Landgraf has estimated the number of interstellar dust particles that should have been captured by Stardust during two periods of the " cruise " phase of the interplanetary orbit in which the spacecraft was moving with this wind .	19	Plural
I mean there ’s certainly signs of it , and in the United States too , in fact we had a sit down strike in the United States not long ago , which is a very militant labor action .	37	Singular
I shall spend an entire day at PRC ( performance review ) on Friday , July 7 .	0	Singular
So that alarms me , because there 's quite serious potential for adverse effects and brain damage in the next generation of children born in this country , " he said .	15	Singular
We hope to execute this Agreement this week .	4	Singular
Totals $ 22,750,000 $ 40,000,000	0	Plural
Bray felt he must be somewhere about ; it was difficult to imagine this time without him .	2	Singular
Another time I 'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where " Mommies " get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason .	1	Singular
We are now suffering from the consequences of our rape of the environment , our rejection of the natural for the industrial , and our embrace of violence over peace .	25	Singular
They each grabbed a copy of Break with a Banshee , and sneaked up the line to where the rest of the Weasleys were standing with Mr and Mrs Granger .	22	Plural
They made me feel confident in what they would do , and treated me like a member of their own family .	18	Plural
We have updated our site to include a LOST and FOUND page and you can now join our branch and make a secure on - line donation to the charity .	29	Singular
As a young man , he had published several books of poetry , had written plays , critical essays , and had worked on a number of long translations .	25	Singular
Now and then a carrier dead in harness , at rest in the long grass near the path , with an empty water-gourd and his long staff lying by his side .	22	Singular
This insurance co. Is a joke !!!	3	Singular
If some of John Kerry 's wounds were superficial , Bush received no wounds .	10	Singular
are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday ?	9	Singular
Covert into DVD .	2	Singular
It has been emphasised that we absolutely can not continue with those who are completely against Italy .	16	Singular
We loved most of the locations that both of the ships visited and do n't believe that this should be a distinguishing factor on deciding between the cruise lines .	17	Singular
Remember that there is a nine-hour difference between Sochi and New York , and a 12-hour difference between Sochi and the US West Coast .	5	Singular
Prevention has to be our answer to disasters of this kind and this draft Directive is an important step towards well - trained safety advisers being available , so that the right action is taken in good time .	37	Singular
I 'm getting in touch because I think it could be useful to people campaigning about hospital closures .	13	Plural
If the Dursleys wake up , I 'm dead , said Harry as he tied the rope tightly around a bar and Fred revved up the car .	11	Singular
The truth is , in my and my dining partners ' experience , this is a fine little restaurant with some unique food .	18	Singular
It seems to be a perfectly normal check .	7	Singular
Since work has gone to hell , I am hoping to find some excitement in the possibility that LSU may play in the Cotton Bowl ( if Rohan " Alabama " Davey shows up for the next 3 games . )	23	Singular
Al Qaeda members and sympathizers feel that the FBI 's involvement in countries like Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Pakistan , Indonesia , and the Philippines interferes with the sovereignty of those countries .	25	Plural
although luminescence is common in anemone relatives , they do n't usually make light themselves .	5	Singular
The blockage of Villeneuve 's fleet resulted in giving up the invasion plan of the British Isles , also because new developments were taking place in the continent .	21	Plural
1 ) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and 2 ) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement .	13	Singular
Finally , we ask that the Commission ensures that Structural Fund monies are spent in a way which is transparent .	10	Singular
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( Phone ) 713-646-3393 ( Fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	7	Singular
It ’s another low-grade moment of horror , but I think about that particular time with my mother because Renata was there and we were united , she and I .	0	Singular
Bananas and plantains , which were first domesticated in Southeast Asia , most likely Papua New Guinea , were re-domesticated in Africa possibly as early as 5,000 years ago .	16	Singular
what is a good slogan for an Argentinian restaurant ?	1	Singular
I would recommend her to anyone !	5	Singular
According to the Saudi Interior Ministry over 345 Muslim pilgrims have been killed in a stampede during the annual Hajj pilgrimage near Mecca , Saudi Arabia .	19	Singular
Another thing non-locals do n't often realize is that Cleveland 's long history of industrial wealth has left it chock full of cultural riches as well as the beginnings of a " sustainable city ' movement .	35	Singular
When i put him off of my bed , he jumps back on and same thing .	15	Singular
Sam , please confirm , Global Counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems .	8	Singular
1 - Number of paragraphs devoted to global warming in the EPA 's 600 - page " Draft Report on the Environment " presented in 2003 .	11	Singular
Extensible Markup Language ( XML ) is the standard language for describing and delivering data on the Web , just as Hypertext Markup Language ( HTML ) is the standard language for creating and displaying Web pages .	35	Singular
He has been having diarheya everywhere and he began to vomit last night .	1	Singular
Because the field list of a page does not show the contents specific to a page , you can use the data outline to review the structure of a page .	22	Singular
There 's another top predator in the ocean , it turns out .	10	Singular
‘’ Pakistan now has a large force deployed in Baluchistan which was not there before , ’’ says Lt. General David Barno .	17	Singular
And that explains the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga 's four - day visit to India recently .	30	Singular
On the shores of the Mediterranean , it is hard to imagine that in Lapland temperatures can fall considerably lower than that .	7	Singular
As of January 10 , 2005 , my source of income changed from The Mozilla Foundation to Google , Inc. of Mountain View , California .	2	Singular
He was wearing long green robes which were dusty and travel-worn .	0	Singular
If somebody makes a wai to you , a slight bow alone is more than sufficient for ordinary occasions , and for business , most Thais will shake hands with foreigners instead of waiing anyway .	22	Singular
when they play fight , they do n't hiss .	5	Plural
While I hope I do n't have any need for a lawyer anytime soon , if I do I 'll definitely use this firm again .	12	Singular
Finally , after much debate , they concluded that my murder was too dangerous .	10	Singular
This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed .	22	Singular
I also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of services that I did not need .	14	Plural
Crossed together ( five toes is incompletely dominate ) chicks could develop to have an fifth toe on both , or even one foot .	23	Singular
His forecast represented a simple extrapolation of two trends :	3	Singular
Rhonda L Denton	1	Singular
In Washington , Blount became friends and tennis partners with Mr. Bush 's father , then Congressman Bush .	5	Plural
`` I say brains is the greater producer of wealth , not oil .	12	Singular
No joke !	1	Singular
When they saw a cartoon of their prophet , people had to die .	7	Singular
And then I had a bit of some time off in 2011 .	2	Singular
North Oakland is a sweeping term , referring to just about everywhere north of Uptown and Lake Merritt .	12	Singular
Accordingly , the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP ( the only one and therefore the one they have to choose ) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract .	10	Plural
37 - Death toll of US soldiers in Iraq in May 2003 , the month combat operations " officially " ended .	2	Singular
Even after September 11 , it seems that most of the Western World does not yet understand this weapon .	5	Singular
It also came with free balance and rotation for the life of the tires !	7	Singular
Its body will be dull looking , too .	0	Singular
A NATO spokesman said : " There 's no tracking mechanism to ensure they do n't fall into the wrong hands .	7	Singular
However , New Orleans also had many affluent people , people who left town early as they had the means .	13	Singular
I like Hayes Street Grill .... another plus , it 's right by Civic Center , so you can take a romantic walk around the Opera House , City Hall , Symphony Auditorium ... all very beautiful .	31	Singular
" They can freely write anything they like about our prophet , but if one raises doubts about the Holocaust he is either fined or sent to prison , " he added .	1	Plural
Click the blue arrow to see the filter that is in effect .	7	Singular
From 1998 onwards , from its inception Disney cruise has attracted many and continue to attract more and more .	8	Singular
When I ask my mom she says she will never let a snake in her house .	3	Singular
If you plant the cuttings too deep , they might rot .	4	Plural
The crime occurred in the sacristy adjoining the hospital chapel in downtown Toledo on the Saturday before Easter in 1980 .	17	Singular
Cities such as Milan depend on 80 percent of water from Alpine runoff .	0	Plural
Chris	0	Singular
The original people of the islands are the Moriori , who were descended from the Maori of mainland New Zealand , but who developed their own culture and variant of the language .	24	Plural
The staff and the Principal are rediculous , they do n't listen to any input , and they make up rediculous rules ( They banned backpacks , because a teacher TRIPPED OVER a student 's ) .	25	Plural
I 'm looking for a camera that has really good zoom during a video and pictures ; and good quality pictures / videos	0	Singular
Dr. Eric Fortier , 34 , of Gatineau , Que. , used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on Baffin Island , just south of the Arctic Circle , to save two friends who were being mauled .	1	Singular
it 's did you watch your girl on tv last night ?	10	Singular
Crosstab queries calculate a sum , average , count , or other type of total for data that is grouped by two types of information – one down the left side of the datasheet and another across the top .	22	Plural
40,000 - Number of soldiers in Iraq seven months after start of the war still without Interceptor vests , designed to stop a round from an AK - 47 .	10	Singular
The current Windows NT user must be an Administrator for the computer .	4	Singular
At present , there are no plans for additional meetings with foreign powers to discuss the Bush exploration initiative or to extend an invitation to China to join the space station partnership , Beutel said .	17	Singular
" The aristocracy and authority of talent are more substantial than the aristocracy of names and material power " , he wrote in 1830 .	6	Singular
What kind of political cover would be gained from an attack on Iran , and from the diversion of attention to that attack ?	22	Singular
These include space for dances and music , bar facility , gambling facilities for the elder , spaciously made open area aboard and many such nice facilities .	26	Plural
Across the landscapes of Earth were dotted these giant mushrooms .	2	Plural
UNITED PRESS INTERNATIONAL	0	Singular
Doss ’s story also has an unlikely quality to it that makes it all the more appealing .	7	Singular
The food was finger licking the bowel fantastic ..	2	Singular
Thai birth certificates record the date , month and time of birth , followed by the day of the week , lunar date , and the applicable zodiac animal name .	5	Singular
It 's so much fun !	0	Singular
As such , we will distribute net shares calculating the proper withholding at fair market value the day prior to notifying the transfer agent .	14	Singular
That 's a tragedy for those populations , but it 's also a tragedy for the people eating them because they don't know that that 's toxic meat .	6	Plural
We oppose the excessive control the central administration of the Union and its Member States exercises and we are calling for a reduction in the bureaucracy that has taken root in the drafting and implementation of programmes .	13	Singular
Summers can be very warm and with the cold wind across the plains it can get very cold in the winter , but it does not last long .	9	Singular
i was too tired to give you any action .	8	Singular
Since moving back from college and trying to settle roots in the Village , I have referred to the La Jolla Blue Book for a ton of local numbers .	20	Singular
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .	6	Singular
We trust and appreciate Scott Larson and know that he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs !	9	Singular
with my breakfast I like bacon and sausage when I having a big breakfast like a grand slam with pancakes and the works .	9	Singular
Radianz 1251 Avenue of the Americas 7th Floor New York , NY 10016 USA Phone : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4425 Fax : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4310 Cell : +1 ( 917 ) 859-7187 Email : kyle.jones@radianz.com	28	Singular
This mode conforms closely to the ANSI-89 Level 1 specification , but is not ANSI-89 Level 1 compliant .	9	Singular
Contact Cindy Stark to make an appointment .	2	Singular
Damascus has been intent for years upon establishing significant military strength to serve as a counterweight to Israel 's overwhelming capabilities .	17	Singular
He was released on US$ 20,000 bail on Thursday .	8	Singular
We were disappointed with this holiday dinner due to the overall flavor and price of the meal , and accessibility to the Jazz Club .	22	Singular
If we are all in this thing together , let 's play nice .	1	Plural
The Coppergate excavations of the 1970s revealed much of this Viking past .	1	Singular
Vince Kaminski	1	Singular
Image : Twitter / Barack Obama .	2	Singular
The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States .	22	Singular
I was beside the bear 's head and I stabbed it with an upper cut below the jaw in the neck a couple of times . "	22	Singular
The Council is extremely concerned at the latest developments in the Middle Eastern peace process .	14	Singular
One of the manifestations of their racism is the rejection towards Japanese Yoko Ono .	3	Plural
Office 2002 site license ( user does n't have Office 2002 installed on computer , but user 's organization has an enterprise or site license agreement )	3	Singular
Hope I helped !	1	Singular
Which wonderful contact of mine is thumbs upping all my best answers ^^ ?	11	Plural
Above all , we need a total absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three circles of evil .	14	Singular
His last three plays were collaborations , probably with John Fletcher , who succeeded him as the house playwright for the King 's Men .	18	Singular
Lydia Buchtmann for Food Standards Australia New Zealand , says they are looking at mandatory guidelines on iodine by the end of the year .	4	Plural
Through his grandmother , Mishima was a direct descendant of Tokugawa Ieyasu .	11	Singular
She has some big presentation mid-January .	0	Singular
I believe we are to some extent already protected with " Enron " proceeded with anything , but EnronOnline ( TM ) , etc. just affords us more protection .	26	Plural
The plots of Shakespeare 's tragedies often hinge on such fatal errors or flaws , which overturn order and destroy the hero and those he loves .	19	Plural
including fees and forms	3	Plural
all know that after the end of the year they 'll be on contract , and that means they 'll be replaced in three years .	18	Plural
Please deliver a copy to me as well .	5	Singular
Among them is the former cloister from the abbey church of St. Peter and Paul .	2	Singular
17th , like over by 16th and 15th YES , I say , one mile west of you .	14	Singular
" Our new lunar transportation system utilizes a unique architecture that will establish the equivalent of a two - way highway between the Earth and the Moon , " Kistler told SPACE.com .	29	Singular
La Comédie humaine reflects his real - life difficulties , and includes scenes from his own experience .	16	Singular
Protocol Concerning the conditions and arrangements for admission of the republic of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union .	0	Singular
In the Endurance expedition in 1914 , the British ship Endurance , captained by Sir Ernest Shackleton , set sail with twenty eight men to cross the Antarctic .	14	Singular
I suggest a " blind draw " on the teams , best ball not scramble on the golf , and as for the wager , no emails from the losing team for one week !	30	Singular
Michele Tollis , Fabio 's father , began to attend metal concerts and festivals across Europe , handing out leaflets and quizzing Fabio 's friends .	10	Singular
But let s hope for their sake ( and the sake of all space lovers out there ) that they can redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again .	30	Singular
The warm chocolate cake was very tasty , but served at room temperature , not warm by any stretch of the imagination .	12	Singular
Plus they will overcharge you for just about everything , and smile while doing it .	8	Singular
Also if they have diarrhea , check in with your foster coordinator .	10	Singular
Wednesday , September 19 , 2007	0	Singular
New York 's main contract , light sweet crude for delivery in November rose 60 cents to close at 66.80 dollars per barrel .	4	Singular
I have thus proposed that the frost rating be lowered to -40° C .	7	Singular
County Kerry is the worst affected .	2	Singular
It is genetic and the child needs to get the gene from both parents to turn into a vegetable instead of a thinking child .	18	Singular
Some attributions , such as Titus Andronicus and the early history plays , remain controversial , while The Two Noble Kinsmen and the lost Cardenio have well - attested contemporary documentation .	1	Plural
sketch out floor plan , estimate size , draw front view , side view , and 3d orthographic perspective views ,	10	Singular
So that alarms me , because there 's quite serious potential for adverse effects and brain damage in the next generation of children born in this country , " he said .	2	Singular
That same year ( 1560 ) a Spanish priest named RUY LOPEZ handily beat all comers at a chess tournament in Rome .	2	Singular
1/2 cup ( 120 ml ) vegetable oil	1	Singular
Dündar warned Europe about having too much understanding for Erdogan 's course .	9	Singular
My opinion - take it for what it 's worth … :-)	8	Singular
Just the fact that those were the lead stories for so many days , in everything from US Weekly to Time Magazine .	21	Singular
Christopher Scipio Homeopath / Herbalist Holistic Viral Specialist	0	Singular
Feathered Feet / Shanks - Chicks could have feathered feet / shanks as this is also incomplete dominate .	14	Singular
There 's so much punch packed into this combination that it 's almost scary .	1	Singular
There were screams from the dining room and Uncle Vernon burst into the kitchen to find Harry , rigid with shock , covered from head to foot in Aunt Petunia 's pudding .	16	Singular
" Kosher food is far more expensive than other kinds , " I say .	2	Singular
I believe we are to some extent already protected with " Enron " proceeded with anything , but EnronOnline ( TM ) , etc. just affords us more protection .	15	Singular
I called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates , they were n't the cheapest I found but very reasonable .	0	Singular
From the later 1800s to the 1920s Mérida enjoyed prosperous boom times fueled by the henequen or sisal plant harvest , which made Yucatán the rope maker to the world .	7	Singular
4.1. LIMITATIONS AND FUTURE DIRECTIONS .	4	Plural
That was definitely the case for Andy when he played Benoît Paire in Monte Carlo in April .	16	Singular
Kam	0	Singular
We are told we must balance interests but , quite frankly , all interests are not equal .	3	Plural
The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting developers .	36	Plural
NiMo released an additional RFP for peaking supplies for this winter , I believe Phil should have or be getting that RFP .	9	Singular
It is rather as if Puritans in seventeenth-century dress and observing seventeenth-century customs were to be found still living in Boston or Plymouth .	20	Singular
PS - we also have more cats coming in for re-homing see our ' Homes Wanted ' page	10	Singular
Save yourself the trouble , money and time and visit a more caring facility / doctor .	7	Singular
Curvetting &amp; caracoling of the horsemen .	5	Plural
So , I believe the invention of the computer Internet is an inevitable consequence of a previously proven , biologically successful model .	5	Singular
Even that locution , ' his appointment ' , seemed odd to him .	6	Singular
He has never lived in a war zone .	7	Singular
But without a legislative framework , and with the grassroots origins of pot as a mood - altering folk remedy , companies are left guessing .	19	Singular
Nida also developed the componential analysis technique , which split words into their components to help determine equivalence in translation ( e.g. " bachelor " = male + unmarried ) .	6	Singular
My wife know my harmless secret and supports me .	1	Singular
Yes , we had to wait , but ER is a triage system that takes the most life threatening cases first .	12	Singular
The Communist party has the largest number of registered party members in the country and can be considered as the oldest popular political party in Iraq .	3	Singular
He was a young man , lean , fair , and morose , with lanky hair and a shuffling gait .	1	Singular
This is a delivery office only and does not take walk ins but they do have a blue box out front .	4	Singular
The reason for advertising the video in Germany is unclear .	7	Singular
In May 2004 , Patrick Hughes , Lieutenant General ( Retired ) , Assistant Secretary for Information Analysis , Homeland Security Department testified before the 9/11 Commission .	21	Singular
The motion to compel is now scheduled for Dec. 12 at 2 p.m .	12	Singular
I left a voicemail for Sharon Butcher , as well , just to make sure it is handled .	5	Singular
When you walk across landscapes , it leaps up in the aftermath of your footsteps trying to grab debris .	6	Singular
However , in April 2001 , the IAEA published Fifteen Years after the Chernobyl Accident - Lessons learned . which contradict the earlier reports .	13	Singular
I feel like they did n't tell me the pitfalls before I pulled out this tile and now that I have no other options they want 5 TIMES the price ?	15	Singular
For example , did you know that George Bush spent considerably more time in uniform than John Kerry ?	8	Singular
The magician behind the counter was wise enough not to sell it to me , but instead sold me two books which I still own today - " Scarne on Card Tricks " and " Scarne on Magic Tricks " .	18	Singular
Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation ( NRC ) : is funded at $ 115 million , the same as FY04 and the budget request . "	7	Singular
Corrado Passera withdraws the offer for Mps due to " the attitude of total closure that the Bank has shown to us " .	11	Singular
If you ’re in an elevator that is playing music , start to dance .	5	Singular
I had the Chicken Parmesan Dinner and my wife had the Shrimp Scampi Dinner .	13	Singular
Full reconciliation of contracts within the OBSF to Barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to AS400 Barclays account	13	Singular
We are from Virginia and just moved here a year ago .	0	Plural
Perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing Zahav was going to be golden as its name suggests ( and as the many golden reviews seem to attest ) , we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience .	7	Singular
Or will the nearly year - round snow be too much for those who have never experienced snow in their lives ?	19	Plural
Never in history , not even in the Nazi period , was there such total disregard of all of the above as we observe now .	15	Singular
Quinn watched them all , anchored to his spot , as if his whole being had been exiled to his eyes .	0	Singular
Justin , I have no knowledge of any bad faith actins Enron has pending in Texas but I will call Richard Sanders who manages domestic litgation here .	12	Singular
In the photo on the couch , the pillow she is resting on clashes with everything else in the shot .	2	Singular
they may then chose to ask you to bring more evidence , or just look up the record and hand you the certificate .	10	Singular
At the same time that one truly European own resource is waning rapidly in its importance .	9	Singular
We orderd our meals anyway , chimichangas , jalapeno borritos , and quesadillas .	2	Plural
I well remember what intelligent , informed people were saying in the last years of the Weimar Republic , what they told one another in the first days after Hindenburg had brought in Hitler .	16	Singular
Molten brass is damn hot and usually it 's pressurized gas and forced air or oxygen .	15	Singular
+ As the implications of the Andaman Islands situation sink in , Indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny .	18	Singular
Do not live here , you will regret it !	8	Singular
Have no fear , no hesitation , for Winning shall be it's reward !	12	Singular
When the war ended he came to Israel via Cyprus , joined Kibbutz Sdot Yam , married , and had two children .	4	Singular
Scott	0	Singular
A young black man with sunglasses and a thick , springy mat of hair shaped to a crew-cut by topiary rather than barbering had cut through the crowd with the encircling movement of authority .	33	Singular
Do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to Hirsohima & Nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in Chernobyl .......	30	Singular
Some Armenian prelates have joined us for coffee and take part in the discussion .	7	Singular
XBOX Joys are soo comfyy .....	1	Plural
Copy a line in a grid of grouped lines	5	Singular
The Cunha report on multiannual guidance programmes comes before Parliament on Thursday and contains a proposal in paragraph 6 that a form of quota penalties should be introduced for countries which fail to meet their fleet reduction targets annually .	21	Singular
Color coded shirts or capes for houses , black for referee	4	Plural
In the New Territories East geographical constituency , pan-democracy camp councillors Alvin Yeung from the Civic Party , Fernando Cheung of the Labour Party , Raymond Chan of People Power , and Leung Kwok-hung of LSD were successfully elected .	2	Singular
Serving as a global model for urban rebirth , Cleveland has been named one of the top 10 international visitor hotspots by Travel and Leisure magazine .	25	Singular
And having one of those is usually indicative of arrogance .	5	Singular
When darkness came , Stillman would eat dinner at the Apollo Coffee Shop on 97th Street and Broadway and then return to his hotel for the night .	22	Singular
Separate the colors from five bags of 200 g Skittles .	5	Plural
Many thanks .	1	Plural
Miami Bass producers were clinical in the art of moving butts — their main concern .	10	Plural
Athens ( Greek : Αθήνα , Athína ) , is the capital city of Greece with a metropolitan population of 3.7 million inhabitants .	11	Singular
Even though you may not want to use them , it will give you some idea of what it might cost and what is fair .	15	Singular
The strongest evidence might be a Catholic statement of faith signed by John Shakespeare , found in 1757 in the rafters of his former house in Henley Street .	2	Singular
It could look like almost the opposite : literature is kind of arts and mathematics is science but they also see a lot in common and there where mathematician who were writers .	18	Plural
You 're driving too far west , Fred , he added , pointing at a compass on the dashboard .	15	Singular
About sorting data in PivotTable or PivotChart view	2	Singular
WASHINGTON , DC – In his recent State of the Union address , US President Barack Obama reiterated his ambition to complete the Trans - Pacific Partnership , a proposed trade agreement among the US and 11 Pacific countries .	7	Singular
I hope everything went all right and that Harry is okay and that you did n't do anything illegal to get him out , Ron , because that would get Harry into trouble , too .	0	Singular
One Rohingya , Muhammad Amin , the first boat rescued on Friday was turned around twice , toward Malaysia by Indonesian navy and then toward Indonesia by Malaysian navy .	8	Singular
Everything except the display worked fine before I took it in .	3	Singular
Do dogs enjoy watching T.V. ?	1	Plural
The numbers indicate that in his first four years , Bush not only showed up , he showed up a lot .	20	Singular
The countries which are giving to America to aid are a great example of the seed that America has sown through the years with other nations .	17	Singular
Thank you for your patience and I hope you can take a few moments to enjoy the holidays .	17	Plural
For a time I would feel I belonged still to a world of straightforward facts ; but the feeling would not last long .	6	Singular
The festive dedication took place on April 30 , 1955 .	6	Singular
Finally , a question regarding timing .	3	Singular
Here was the symbolic attainment of something he had believed in , willed and worked for , for a good stretch of his life :	20	Singular
There is an e-mail by Moussaoui , however , dated July 31 , 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to 6 months .	10	Singular
It is our belief that this compensation plan will produce some of the largest checks in network marketing history .	7	Singular
In any case , I congratulate Mrs Thors on her French ; I certainly can not speak in Swedish or Finnish .	4	Singular
A great philosopher once said , muttered Quinn , that the way up and the way down are one and the same .	15	Singular
Maureen ,	0	Singular
The terms instructed that she pass it down intact to " the first son of her body " .	4	Singular
According to the New Zealand Herald , Emeritus Professor John Burrows , the chairman of the project 's panel of twelve , said New Zealand 's flag has never before been open to public choice .	10	Singular
for the past few days she has been shivering and wo nt eat but she could walk now her hid legs are not working but she is back to her self .. what should i do .?	14	Singular
If your ruling is that I cannot give an explanation of vote , I accept that but accept with reservations .	19	Plural
Google the term or find photography supplies websites and put it in the search box ( or look for studio equipment supplies ) .	14	Singular
30 - Percentage of American young adults who can not find the Pacific Ocean on a map .	13	Singular
In the third week I had more than $ 10,000.00 and it 's still growing !!	4	Singular
Every now and then , while dinner was awaited , their conversation was backed by intensely sociable sounds – pitched talk – let in from the kitchen as the servant went in and out , laying the table .	26	Singular
According to the Saudi Interior Ministry over 345 Muslim pilgrims have been killed in a stampede during the annual Hajj pilgrimage near Mecca , Saudi Arabia .	15	Singular
If you are moving the line towards the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows smaller .	16	Singular
You will also have to be wary of mold forming on any toys or hide - aways he may have .	17	Singular
continued financial deepening worldwide ( that is , faster growth of financial assets than of the real economy ) , and London 's maintenance of its share of the global financial business .	26	Singular
With extra blackworms and maybe frozen ( defrosted , rinsed ) frozen foods earlier in the day , they may leave 30 - 40 eggs at a time .	12	Plural
It was n’t as loud as my heels .	7	Plural
And yes , I am being melodramatic .	4	Singular
Biographers attempting to account for this period have reported many apocryphal stories .	7	Plural
The centerpiece of this rock concert-like performance is a 15 meter high rotating pig equipped with a fog machine , laser light show and theme music .	3	Singular
You have received this BBC Breaking News Alert because you subscribed to it or , someone forwarded it to you .	5	Singular
Allen Tire was recommended by friend after my having bad tire experiences in Temecula .	0	Singular
By William Rivers Pitt	1	Singular
Does anybody use it for anything else ?	3	Singular
Ron held it at arm 's length as it kicked out at him with its horny little feet ; he grasped it around the ankles and turned it upside-down .	12	Singular
We will meet Dave Forster and his team among others .	7	Singular
Clough only goes in for the last year , after self-government 's been granted and the date for independence 's been given .	10	Singular
Fifty - three weeks of flight training .	5	Singular
The market in agricultural products is therefore no longer linked exclusively to price , but to the region .	5	Singular
Make sure it ’s a target your audience will be interested in and something they ’re likely willing to laugh at . [ 2 ]	13	Singular
Have a real mechanic check before you buy !!!!	3	Singular
Wright has a brother , Oscar , who is a comic book artist , contributing storyboards , conceptual art and promotional pictures for Edgar 's films .	23	Singular
She has also been charged with trying to kill her two - year - old daughter .	12	Singular
Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress , Risk 2001 Australia , which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001 .	38	Singular
Several ancient civilisations were located around the Mediterranean shores , and were greatly influenced by their proximity to the sea .	8	Plural
But the real fear comes from the undisputed fact that no defense and no preventive measures can succeed against a determined suicide murderer .	11	Singular
I plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions committee that I can compete at the graduate level .	15	Singular
one for viewers familiar with the books ( i.e. , “ Experts ” ) and one for viewers unfamiliar with the books and averse to “ spoilers ” ( i.e. , “ Newbies ” ) .	26	Plural
If you want to find the total number of records including those with Nullvalues , use Count with the wildcard character .	13	Plural
This town is comprised of a large residential community that includes Fort Lee natives , transplants from New York , and immigrants , especially from Korea .	0	Singular
" Architecture wo n't help deceased people , but it helps to keep their memories alive among the living , " he says .	21	Singular
Randy , this is the issue I left you the voice mail on .	10	Singular
While there , the Marquis de Lafayette commissioned L'Enfant to paint a portrait of Washington .	8	Singular
Here he identifies two basic orientations in translating based on two different types of equivalence :	14	Singular
Google Search Terms :	1	Singular
Good point , but I 'm comfortable we 're covered because our bidders were all bidding on a chunk of capacity and primary points .	7	Plural
It read , " The people of Fallujah condemn the massacre which was committed on Friday against people dedicated to the protection of Fallujah .	0	Singular
Those having to deal with these risks should therefore meet stringent requirements .	6	Plural
I trust that they will give us better love than they are getting from us , for ours is a very low-quality upward-seeping vegetable-sap sort of love , as short-lived as it is spontaneous .	10	Plural
Corresponding with Woods by e-mail , I tried my hand at uncovering an etym .	2	Singular
Do you personally record audiobooks , and did you already do so before LibriVox ?	13	Singular
This is a sine-qua-non , and it would seem unnecessary to keep stressing it .	1	Singular
The position is with the EES MMC EAST department / WHOLESALE , RETAIL & COMM , ENRON ENERGY SERVICES .	8	Singular
If you 'd rather dine at home , simply call in your order with our take - out service .	14	Plural
As its " comeback ' has continued , the official moniker is now the New American City as Cleveland has rightfully earned the reputation as a model of effective public-private partnership for urban planning .	23	Singular
This was a pleasant and elevating feeling .	6	Singular
In June 2012 , the Icelandic band Sigur Rós released a video for the song " Fjögur Píanó " , starring LaBeouf , in which he appears nude .	7	Singular
Over two hours later ( and ten minutes before they closed ) my car was finally finished .	14	Singular
Wiki Media Foundation , the group behind the Wikipedia online encyclopedia project , said Friday that search giant Google has volunteered to host some of its content on company servers .	26	Singular
It was an extremely amusing episode , watching Chalabi looking smug and amused , contrasted with Sha'lan , all serious and barely keeping himself from swearing .	0	Singular
NASA intends upon retiring the space shuttles in 2010 , which only leaves it with 18 flights towards the ISS .	19	Singular
I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program .	12	Singular
He was referred to me by a friend , who did n't have the best experience with Ted , but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end .	29	Singular
The meeting was pushed together by the CIA and the US Defence Department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in Afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged Pakistani backed Taliban .	11	Singular
NASA has some PR hurdles to overcome in the future .	3	Singular
As I read the letter , I considered the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever wrote it , vs. that of the mind of the man who once said " Bring it on ! "	21	Singular
It can be seen across the water from Neiafu and is connected by land bridge at the most southern point of ‘Utu Vava’u .	19	Singular
Feathered Feet / Shanks - Chicks could have feathered feet / shanks as this is also incomplete dominate .	11	Plural
PS - we also have more cats coming in for re-homing see our ' Homes Wanted ' page	12	Plural
Burger King	0	Singular
The Agel compensation plan includes the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it .	3	Singular
Do they act like they own the place , or act like the ' big dog ? '	4	Plural
Using chalk , a stick , or your finger , draw a line on the ground 12 " ( 30 cm ) long .	8	Singular
A recent example of weather control was China 's preparation for the 2008 Summer Olympic Games .	13	Singular
Pat Wood made a phone call to Tom Noel and told him to get the Texas market fixed .	16	Singular
The Orange County Register	2	Singular
How will resources be allocated to care for the elderly , especially in slow - growing economies where existing public pension schemes and old - age health plans are patently unsustainable ?	15	Singular
Service was excellent !	1	Singular
Game 1 : Monday , May 28 @ 2:00 PM vs. Los Angeles SPARKS	0	Singular
Dobby shook his head , his eyes wider than ever .	0	Singular
Another worrisome sign is that local Iraqi Sunni fundamentalists opposed to the US presence in Iraq have begun joining Monotheism and Holy War , and wearing its distinctive orange and black insignia .	15	Singular
Oh I 'll tell you who 's still around though – Barry Forsyth .	11	Singular
i am going to my grandma s in north carolina and we are going camping in a cabin in west virginia .	0	Singular
When you feed him how many pinkies do you feed him ?	6	Plural
Abby needs to fly to New York twice a month for these treatments , and her time on the Federal Grant program has expired .	12	Plural
There is nothing phony , however , about the efforts we Ukrainians are now making to defend our country and our democracy .	9	Plural
LONDON – Bank of England Governor Mark Carney surprised his audience at a conference late last year by speculating that banking assets in London could grow to more than nine times Britain 's GDP by 2050 .	30	Plural
On a recent event quote that I had done , they came in thousands of dollars over their local competition .	15	Plural
Rina	0	Singular
Friday is a bad day ( Performance Review Committee all day ) .	4	Singular
The Canadian Regenesis actress Mayko Nguyen has Japanese connection or is it her fake name ?	8	Singular
The poetry depends on extended , sometimes elaborate metaphors and conceits , and the language is often rhetorical — written for actors to declaim rather than speak .	15	Singular
They are very good teachers and nice people to meet here .	7	Plural
I may want to put some steers or heifers up there .	8	Plural
This is not the first time deadly stampedes have taken place during the Hajj , with the deadliest stampede during the 1991 Hajj , in which 1,426 pilgrims were trampled .	10	Singular
So do n't be afraid to get something a little bigger than " perfect " just in case you hit a growth spurt .	7	Singular
I figured it would end soon , but the money just kept coming in .	9	Singular
The letter bombs were sent in connection with the treatment of the Egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the WTC and a related plot .	21	Singular
I gave the woman I spoke with today a " You 've been yelped ! " card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna .	22	Singular
The car concept has got off to a good start .	9	Singular
i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side .	17	Singular
Please confidentially share matters as you think best and advise me of the interest generated .	10	Singular
Category labels usually appear across the x axis of the chart , although this can vary depending on the type of chart you are using .	6	Singular
Travelled 40 mins after calling to see if a product was in stock .	12	Singular
I recommend La Hacienda	0	Singular
NiMo released an additional RFP for peaking supplies for this winter , I believe Phil should have or be getting that RFP .	0	Singular
Additionally , it is written in a style similar to an XML document using a combination of XML-like tags and HTML to create a template for a specific style of output .	3	Singular
I rang SRD PAT testing and within 3 hours Scot had come to my premises and PAT tested all my our Spill The Whisky barn dance band equipment , and supplied a certificate for only 70 p per unit .	38	Singular
You know that your hostess has lost a son ; that her sister lost children in the 1973 war ;	18	Singular
Making his way through the press of oncoming bodies , Quinn made a tour of the numbered gates , looking for hidden staircases , unmarked exits , dark alcoves .	25	Plural
Nope , none of the above .	2	Singular
There has , however , been extensive statistical analysis of demographic and population data which includes women , especially in their childbearing roles .	15	Singular
On the phone , you could hear his accent .	2	Singular
For more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video tutorial : http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html	11	Singular
Turn up your sound a bit .	3	Singular
I really want to go to andiamo s for my birthday and i was just wondering how much it would cost for the four of us to eat there	0	Singular
I do hope to see you visiting us at the fire and we shall prepare a feast for you , as well .	0	Singular
Meiring 's crimes are fresh , and wave the false flag which is the " War on Terror . "	10	Singular
Give me my friends ' letters !	3	Plural
Executive director of the Dallas chapter of the Council on American - Islamic Relations Alia Salem said Mohamed wishes to use his newfound fame and attention to spotlight social causes including the treatment of Muslims in the United States .	25	Singular
Monday , July 28 , 2014	2	Singular
What was I supposed to do , say I ca n't afford you and walk out with crap all over my hair .	17	Singular
I hardly know myself . Quinn gave Auster an honest look .	10	Singular
Quinn had often imagined this situation : the sudden , unexpected pleasure of encountering one of his readers .	0	Singular
The Iguazu Falls are easily accessible and , dependent on your time restrictions and budget , you can get to the area by either bus or plane .	14	Singular
Warren Buffett is giving away 85 % of his wealth , mostly to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation .	18	Singular
The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats .	11	Plural
Andre is going to look over the list of curves needed for the global assets ( August Board meeting ) one more time before I forward it to you .	24	Singular
THAT 'S IT !!	1	Singular
China launches its second manned spaceflight mission	1	Singular
Present are Isaac Stern ; Alexander Schneider , formerly of the Budapest String Quartet ; Kollek 's son , Amos ; two Israeli couples whom I can not identify ; and the foreign-news editor of Le Monde , Michel Tatu .	6	Singular
Arrogance and smugness is often a reflection of limited life experience , and feeling concerned that those with greater life experience " have got something over them " .	16	Plural
Asked for bar - b - que sauce never got it .	10	Singular
Everything we ordered was prepared to perfection , and was presented perfectly .	3	Singular
But some security experts raised questions about the need for the course and the intent behind it .	11	Singular
Sophie .	0	Singular
We need responses or direction by no later than COB on Monday , October 30 , 2000 .	11	Singular
Everyone has the right to life , liberty and the security of person .	3	Singular
" Balzac 's extensive use of detail , especially the detail of objects , to illustrate the lives of his characters made him an early pioneer of literary realism .	6	Singular
Mrs. Wentz had put down her food and she sat back out of the light of the fire , a big face glimmering in the dark , caverns where the eyes were .	1	Singular
China 's insatiable demand for energy is prompting fears of financial and diplomatic collisions around the globe as it seeks reliable supplies of oil from as far away as Brazil and Sudan .	21	Plural
Likewise , a denial of state civil recognition dishonors the religious convictions of those communities and clergy who officiate at , and bless , same - gender marriages .	7	Singular
I know I would n't .	2	Singular
That granddaughter : her parents both worked in the vineyards , and when she was a child , she would play in my courtyard in the after-noons .	22	Singular
Recently , Russian president Vladimir Putin bluntly stated that Iran is not developing its nuclear capability for any reasons beyond peaceful energy creation , and pledged to continue assisting Iran in this endeavor .	5	Singular
He and the next brother , Charlie , had already left Hogwarts .	11	Plural
Using ambiguous aliases and column names .	2	Plural
“ What do you think was the main reason for these experiences ? ”	10	Plural
Prominent Southern Republicans were something of a rare breed in those days .	10	Plural
When you filter a field , you can display the data for a single item , or you can select some items to display and other items to hide .	10	Singular
If you love seeing the shows , Royal Caribbean was better for the main shows and Carnival was slightly better for the comedians .	5	Plural
G5 found success setting up a series of Facebook Advert campaigns targeted to college students at 21 campuses prior to summer break for Storquest self service storage facilities .	27	Plural
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language .	5	Singular
I am vacation until the 22nd but Per is up to speed and I would like to make sure that you keep up with him and any HR / Legal activity that may occur .	2	Singular
It is my understanding , from good sources in the Gov s office that the Gov will order Loretta Lynch to expeditiously implement the provision to suspend all parties auhtority to enter into direct access contracts .	34	Singular
Since being a good friend to someone usually means helping them , they often ca n't stand the thought of a good friendship .	12	Plural
This is simply a protective mechanism for their false image or their fantasy land .	7	Plural
A variety of Germanic and major Slavic tribes crossed through Moravia during the Migration Period before Slavs established themselves in the 6th century AD .	14	Singular
He hires someone to translate it for him into Spanish ,	7	Singular
We had the ants in an observation nest , and I could just look at them for hours , watching them go about .	15	Plural
Putin 's factotums claim that Ukraine 's Russian speakers are under threat , but they cannot point to a single example of persecution that might bear this out .	22	Singular
Everyone has the right to an effective remedy by the competent national tribunals for acts violating the fundamental rights granted him by the constitution or by law .	0	Singular
I ’ll call it herein ( as everyone mostly does ) simply The Chemical Wedding .	7	Singular
And MEK -- the Iranian ( not Iraqi ) terror group in question -- is itself unquestionably a cult :	9	Singular
I used to live in London for 6 months and it 's by far one of my favorite places to be in the world ( I 've been to 45 countries in 5 years ) .	8	Plural
Here is the attachment ...	1	Singular
On March 10 , 1896 , Herzl was visited by Reverend William Hechler , the Anglican minister to the British Embassy .	12	Singular
Right now , while we 're sitting at our computers enjoying the internet , those innocent , beautiful , loving cats , are dying , somewhere in this troubled world a slow , agonizing death .	14	Plural
Seeing another " Columbia " incident can be quite frightening ( I woke up to it early in the morning when I was in Texas ) .	22	Singular
The accident occurred at a time when the mosque was relatively uncrowded .	8	Singular
" Still , both authors used the form of the realist novel to probe the machinations of society and the myriad motives of human behavior .	24	Singular
This idealized vision of the Romanov monarchy blinded him to the actual state of his country .	14	Singular
The word renaissance ( Rinascimento in Italian ) means “ rebirth ” , and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that Renaissance humanists labelled the Dark Ages .	37	Singular
The MoI in Iraq is equivalent to the US FBI , so this would be like having J. Edgar Hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the Weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	25	Singular
Stillman 's train was not due to arrive until six-forty-one , but Quinn wanted time to study the geography of the place , to make sure that Stillman would not be able to slip away from him .	12	Singular
In fact Philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not filipinos but helping the Philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot of the country .	10	Plural
Hair parted , brushed , oiled , under a green-lined parasol held in a big white hand .	16	Singular
He had not really lost himself ; he was merely pretending , and he could return to being Quinn whenever he wished .	18	Singular
After checking for signs of fire or smoke and seeing none , I decided to just pack up and leave .	7	Singular
My spirits recovered , and as soon as I had got into my habit , I followed him to the garden I have already told about .	0	Singular
As we discussed , the following is revised disclosure regarding direct access to deal with the cost issue :	17	Singular
The Cunha report on multiannual guidance programmes comes before Parliament on Thursday and contains a proposal in paragraph 6 that a form of quota penalties should be introduced for countries which fail to meet their fleet reduction targets annually .	29	Plural
The square is surrounded by buildings from the Safavid era .	2	Singular
I shall also refer the matter to the College of Quaestors , and I am certain that they will be keen to ensure that we comply with the regulations we ourselves vote on .	25	Plural
Reports from Port Blair make it evident that New Delhi gets little on - the - ground intelligence , and the Indian Coast Guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands .	23	Singular
On Thursday , the 3rd of November , the mayor of Saint - Gaudens ( in the Haute - Garonne region ) decided to suspend the urban development agreement with the government formed in 2014 .	11	Singular
Using chalk , a stick , or your finger , draw a line on the ground 12 " ( 30 cm ) long .	15	Singular
When darkness came , Stillman would eat dinner at the Apollo Coffee Shop on 97th Street and Broadway and then return to his hotel for the night .	12	Singular
In 1972 , Baba Groom was a smart , funny young woman smack - dab in the middle of an exciting US Senate campaign .	3	Singular
$ 300 m - Amount cut from the federal programme that provides subsidies to poor families so they can heat their homes .	11	Singular
At a minimum this would provide a helpful compatibility with other wikis and free culture projects .	14	Singular
You are the only one auto glass repair shop in the area I would count on .	7	Singular
Many tens of thousands of acres were planted in citrus and cotton and other crops , and for many years , intensive , year-round irrigated agriculture formed the basis of the economy .	5	Plural
Imagine if the disbursement of all assistance to countries in trouble required Congressional approval , let alone spending from the US budget .	8	Plural
My goal , however optimistic , is to execute the risk policy by the end of today .	10	Singular
Sean	0	Singular
She gave me amazing pictures at an amazing price and made my wedding day so memorable .	2	Singular
Consequently , I feel we must look to the future and establish guidelines for the mid - term review in 2003 , and thus have an influence on the second phase of programming set to follow 2003 .	11	Plural
It 's also got the website where the song has been uploaded .	5	Singular
Dr. Fortier threw a large rock at the bear , distracting it and allowing Parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25 - year - old Patricia Doyon , who was in the same tent .	8	Singular
and one of the workshops led to a proposal , by Member States , for a Council recommendation .	8	Singular
Everything was done on a timely manner and things were cleaned and picked up every day when the crew was done .	19	Singular
Also on Main St. is Metropolitan Plants , a haven for flower lovers , with a very large selection of products for gardeners .	22	Plural
I wished the rain would stop .	0	Singular
I understand how competitive the process has become , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , personality , extracurricular activities , etc. that this would compensate for my disability .	23	Plural
Louisiana 's Governor Blanco urged residents to spend Wednesday in prayer and assured them the crisis would eventually be overcome .	10	Singular
The stampede at Islam 's most holy site happened at Jamarat Bridge , during an event where pebbles are thrown at a pillar to represent the stoning of Satan as part of the final rites of the Hajj .	3	Singular
Please send David Lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter ( use Bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete ) .	3	Singular
They were death metal brainwashed fans , literally fulfilling the death metal paradigm , er ... morality .	5	Plural
The media has tended to overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word " domestic " the word includes a US - based , highly - educated supporter of the militant islamists .	16	Singular
No water needed ( as with tablets or capsules )	8	Plural
Mixed A / A Team 2 : Coach : Melanie King Brandon Luna - Analyst , Bryan Hull - Analyst , Eduardo Tellechea - Associate , Milson Mundim - Associate	14	Singular
To emancipate the south , but it was a serious failure .	10	Singular
Seems as if there is a clear distinction being made between the ' imaginary ' Whore of Babalon and the actually Whore of Babylon , which is this global system .	26	Singular
The moment he had finished , Aunt Petunia whisked away his plate .	10	Singular
A reconciling difference of $ 15 mm exists between the reported DPR and the final accounting p&l as generated on the AS400 .	1	Singular
Have you had interaction with " new readers ' through your Mets work ?	3	Singular
After news of the police response was reported , Mohamed received support online ranging from US President Barack Obama to Facebook creator Mark Zuckerberg .	6	Singular
The call will feature a host of other field leaders , and our founder and CEO , Glen Jensen .	8	Singular
Settlements some centuries old , and still no bigger than pin-heads on the untouched expanse of their background .	2	Plural
Touchdown ! said Fred as , with a slight bump , they hit the ground .	9	Singular
What are your thoughts on the job Barack Obama has done as president ?	8	Singular
You can also save tables , views , stored procedures , functions , and forms in a Microsoft Access project as a data access page .	23	Singular
--- $ 10 million is provided for Centennial Challenges .	4	Singular
I finally alerted him to his rudeness .	6	Singular
I also was wondering how long should this light be on .	7	Singular
Back to my poor rating - I was excepted to medical school and went in to cancel my membership as I was told I could do since I was moving away .	28	Singular
It is a fairly standard , fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar .	8	Singular
His time at Vendôme is reflected in Louis Lambert , his 1832 novel about a young boy studying at an Oratorian grammar school at Vendôme .	16	Singular
the debtors / creditors partial circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd	3	Plural
" Port Blair , Havelock Islands , Diglipur , Middle Nicobar , Campbell 's Bay , Neil Islands and Rangott are mostly overrun by foreigners , " he said .	27	Singular
I have eaten here several times and every time the service is slower than slow .	11	Singular
These are good signs of arrogance .	5	Singular
Puree it until smooth , then put it in a food storage bag and freeze until you need it .	1	Singular
McKenzie , a silver and bronze Paralympic medalist in wheelchair basketball , retired from the game after the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London .	0	Singular
It was about two years from when Frank sent me specimens to when we got the paper out .	10	Plural
You add the water and put water conditioner into the water .	3	Singular
At this point , Fred caught his mother 's eye and quickly busied himself with the marmalade .	6	Singular
It is now only unclear , in which one .	8	Singular
It emerged from the hearing that the sulphur content , in particular , of both petrol and diesel could be much lower .	7	Singular
The straps wear out fastest around the adjusters over the course of numerous wash and dry cycles ( not to mention being out in the elements if they are work clothes ) .	30	Plural
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement , and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what 's in the draft ?	10	Singular
The Malaysia Tourism board was quite prominent at the main entrance to the grounds .	4	Singular
A string of islands and reefs along the eastern edge of the Group shelters the area from strong winds and ocean swellS and humpback whales come to these protected waters to give birth .	15	Singular
Since most people are going there anyway , you can always ask people to share taxi .	12	Plural
Once the cycle has finished , shake all bottles vigorously again .	2	Singular
He should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark - skinned foreigners want extradited , CIA operative Michael Meiring .	21	Singular
Thanks for the reminder .	0	Singular
I purchased a 2 - year old certified pre-owned BMW from this dealership .	9	Singular
If your cat is not trained to use the litter pan , you may have a problem taking her .	18	Singular
A connection file stores information about a connection to a data source ( such as an OLE DB data source ) and the data associated with the connection .	18	Singular
Sara Shackleton	0	Singular
I was booked for 2 nights at this hotel in Oct 2007 .	0	Singular
He knew that they never left the farm ; instead , the world came to them in the shape of weekend picnickers and driveby tourists .	21	Plural
In this paper , we report upon the novel insights eye-tracking techniques have provided into the unconscious processes of viewing the unique collection of Zurbarán artworks .	10	Singular
I see that it is a 4 , so that will be no problem .	9	Singular
Two months ago I had to have an operation for a serious complaint .	12	Singular
Damage estimates of more than $ 25 bn suggest it could be the US insurance industry 's most expensive natural disaster ever .	13	Singular
Do I need to cross reference the deals in my model to the deals in the system or did you already do that ?	9	Singular
My only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task .	8	Plural
After that , it would be perfectly acceptable .	1	Singular
Professor Eastman says iodine is added to only 10 per cent of Australian salt in contravention of a World Health Organisation recommendation that all salt be iodised .	18	Singular
They sell these kits in most hobby and craft stores .	0	Plural
U.S. officials have said the plot , thwarted by Britain , to blow up several aircraft over the Atlantic bore many of the hallmarks of al Qaeda .	26	Singular
Paris claims that she was kept at Flag Land Base in Clearwater , Florida until she was eighteen and then transferred to the Freewinds .	1	Singular
Copyright and the EU 's principle of free competition should be taken into account in the televising of sports as of other events .	3	Singular
I remember going into Hollywood Magic and wanting that big red box with the dragons on it and I did n't even know what it did .	8	Singular
On board the Freewinds , Paris claims that she was working from 6:00am to midnight and due to lack of sleep ended up being a walking zombie .	6	Singular
" Les Spahnn " < spahnn@hnks.com >	1	Singular
Hydrogen peroxide reduced infected ant fatalities by 15 % , and the ants varied their intake depending upon how high the peroxide concentration was .	5	Plural
Question No-49 will therefore receive a written answer .	0	Singular
Email usually free if you use a WiFi connection .	0	Singular
Although the details of the documents on Mohammed 's computer may ( or may not ) point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal , they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings .	35	Plural
In the 1960s , a group shooting a movie in the Wyoming park reportedly imported some captive wolves , then released them when their shooting was done .	8	Singular
I was thinking , that while I 'm sitting here , relaxing and enjoying myself , those poor innocent animals are being cooked to death with heat in those Holocaust-esque death chambers .	24	Singular
Per my conversation with Edmund this morning , we are moving the following countries to the non-approved list : Austria , Belgium , Croatia , Czech Republic , Denmark , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Singapore , and Slovenia .	13	Plural
Her head swings around , from Renata to me to the doctor and then back to Renata .	2	Singular
However , we waited and waited and in the mean time , saw 4 groups of people simply just paraded in without signing there names .	14	Plural
6 . Capitalize the word " facility " in the definition of Average Annual Load Factor .	4	Singular
And with China set to become the world 's biggest aviation market in the next decade , the show is an opportunity for Beijing to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aviation as well as defence .	15	Singular
She ’s on the Holbeinsteg bridge .	1	Singular
The tent was filled with chairs and divans borrowed from people 's houses , and flowers from their gardens .	12	Plural
In general , avoid doing the following to prevent problems caused by mixing queries created under different ANSI SQL query modes :	13	Plural
That said , the maintenance of this forum is handled by Google and thus will remain reliable and it will ultimately give us more time to play :) .	18	Singular
If you have some problems with your windows , you should call them .	7	Plural
Countless times , Harry had been on the point of unlocking Hedwig 's cage by magic and sending her to Ron and Hermione with a letter , but it was n't worth the risk .	15	Singular
You have no interest in " two - timing " and all you seek is sincerity and " straight - dealing " .	3	Singular
Japan 's special envoy , Yasushi Akashi , who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released , came back from visits to Colombo and Kilinochchi in early November a frustrated man .	6	Singular
It 's really too advanced for a beginner , both in tooling and safety .	0	Singular
maybe buy him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up	2	Singular
These sums give these countries enormous leverage over the United States .	0	Plural
Place two parts water or stock to one part of quinoa in a saucepan over medium-high heat and bring to a boil .	21	Singular
My hope is that over time , internet users will demand this of any site where they invest their time in a way that creates value for others .	14	Singular
They believed that genuine democracy was now on its way .	5	Singular
When Millican died , we assumed that was the last we ’d see of glitchy , twitchy Odi too .	10	Plural
International law does not know how to deal with a leader of murderers who is royally and comfortably hosted by a country , which pretends to condemn his acts or just claims to be too weak to arrest him .	31	Singular
If you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone .	20	Singular
It s simply not just a case of avoiding pork , alcohol and only being allowed to eat halal prepared meat , but the kitchen and its utensils should not have been used for prohibited foods .	11	Singular
At the Darunta complex where jihadis trained , recruits would wear green uniforms , except for Friday when they were washed .	3	Singular
It remains unclear if these figures represent real individuals , or if the authorial " I " who addresses them represents Shakespeare himself , though Wordsworth believed that with the sonnets " Shakespeare unlocked his heart " .	1	Singular
Seizures will occur when the toxins that the kidney normally filters out are released into the blood stream .	16	Singular
The only reason I 'm giving 3 stars instead of 1 or 2 , I should admit , nothing was broken .	7	Plural
Crude - oil prices rose Wednesday as strengthening Hurricane Rita , now a Category 5 storm , threatened to disrupt oil production in the Gulf of Mexico .	13	Singular
per my vm	1	Singular
$ 101 m - Amount Lay made from selling his Enron shares just before the company went bankrupt .	15	Singular
He needs a shower , and he picks his nose all the time .	1	Singular
We are still very interested in having Enron support our eCommerce Dispute Management Protocol .?	13	Singular
For the sake of mankind , you should email our verdict to your friends .	9	Plural
Let me tell you how this works and most important , why it works ..........	13	Singular
and Happy New Year too !	2	Singular
the Archbishop excuses himself in two languages and tells us when he comes back that he has been speaking to one of his Lebanese friends calling from Cyprus or from Greece .	9	Plural
It would n't be the first time he 'd collapsed on a delivery .	7	Singular
Southern charm of Nashville , Birmingham , New Orleans or Charlotte .	7	Singular
" In the first place he was too busy " , explains Saintsbury , " in the second he would not have been at home there ....	18	Singular
Not surprisingly , most of the yearly festivals occur during these times so as to take advantage of the crowds and the more favourable weather .	11	Plural
The real Lockhart was wearing robes of forget-me-not blue which exactly matched his eyes ; his pointed wizard 's hat was set at a jaunty angle on his wavy hair .	27	Singular
Those who show up and complain , but are not participating in the working groups and the daily Ercot phone calls , board meetings , etc. are ignored .	18	Singular
I live 10 minutes from Cycle City , but I Drove 50 mile south to Peachstate Powersports in LaGrange , dealt with the owner , Levi , and was well taken care of .	16	Plural
Everyone was pleasant and very helpful .	0	Singular
Police and prosecutors have the tools .	2	Plural
The bird was probably balancing on the little porcelain conductor through which the electricity wire led to the light dangling above him .	14	Singular
So it is essential that we activate this right fully .	2	Singular
Corrado Passera withdraws the offer for Mps due to " the attitude of total closure that the Bank has shown to us " .	4	Singular
This extradition and imprisonment of Al Qaeda leaders , along with US support for Israel and the Mubarak government in Egypt , remains foremost in the mind of Dr. Zawahiri .	5	Singular
I 've read the materials you sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately .	0	Singular
Listing his priorities , Abbas told supporters of the ruling Fatah party that he was determined to provide security to his people and continue the struggle against Israel 's partially completed West Bank barrier .	13	Singular
The term " Aggregate Transporter Imbalance " is located in several sections .	1	Singular
If no .xsl file is specified , the data is saved in standard XML format .	4	Singular
But that ’s not the case .	1	Singular
Łódź	0	Singular
My experience with Home Delivery Service has been one of disappointment and anger .	5	Singular
The house of Annas , in which Jesus was questioned and struck , is within the compound .	13	Singular
It 's got its own bathroom and tv , and is pretty cozy .	1	Singular
Also , an independent who does not claim to belong to either camp , Edward Yiu of the Architectural , Surveying , Planning and Landscape constituency , defeated his opponents and was elected .	5	Singular
The flavor of icing or frosting can be improved by adding a little of your favorite juice to it instead of soy milk or water .	21	Singular
Yes , she and her family were delighted to leave the communistic remnants in that country .	2	Singular
We should include ISDA energy definitions , CFTC matters re energy and an overview of power deregulation developments in North America .	10	Singular
To say that windmills were knights , that a barber 's basin was a helmet , that puppets were real people ?	11	Singular
Also , revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from PGE at rates above TW 's tariff rates were adjusted accordingly .	2	Plural
Guess what , was not in the initial agreement as well .	8	Singular
Dr. Eric Fortier , 34 , of Gatineau , Que. , used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on Baffin Island , just south of the Arctic Circle , to save two friends who were being mauled .	7	Singular
I had the Chicken Parmesan Dinner and my wife had the Shrimp Scampi Dinner .	11	Singular
When we complained to the management ( as we were instructed to do if there were any problems ) , nothing happened !	8	Plural
Heh , yep , I like to wear silk chemises , panties even stockings with garter belt .	8	Singular
IEP will be hosting a dinner for California Governor Gray Davis on Thursday , December 7 , 2000 at the historic Julia Morgan House in Sacramento .	8	Singular
Net to Eco about $ 3,300,000 ( Enron 50 % share about $ 1,650,000 )	9	Singular
That is a formula which allows broader harmonisation and respects the traditions and practices of the Member States .	11	Plural
Such actions are mainly single - country or single - subject actions ( i.e. not eligible under Pericles ) and are systematically coordinated with Pericles by the competent service in the Commission in coordination with Member States .	2	Plural
Make an ultimate to-do list for this single project , and have it placed somewhere you will see it on a regular basis .	22	Singular
We will finalize the message points on tomorrow 's daily call ( 10 AM CST ) .	5	Plural
More like a cohesive society with a shared sense of purpose , who can identify Us and Them ?	15	Plural
3 = Number of 11 September hijackers whose entry visas came through special US - Saudi " Visa Express " programme .	5	Singular
I ca n't tell you how ominous I found Bush 's performance in that interview .	11	Singular
Your Santorum cocktail creation has already received media coverage from publications including ; The Brooklyn Paper , The New York Times , Jezebel , Metro.us , EDGE on the Net , and Instinct Magazine .	32	Singular
Lights are optinal since fish need the light turn off at night anyways and an air pump is not nessasary since they get air from the surface .	23	Singular
It 's helpful to know a quite a bit about bull fighting .	1	Singular
I have been interrupted 20 times while responding , so I hope that it makes sense .	10	Singular
I 'm not sure where her first name is from ...	5	Singular
The result indicates significant improvement in the performance of the sustained attention in the test , as well as a high dispersion , which reveals a variation in relation to the performance .	24	Singular
Everything else should be good .	0	Singular
During the family 's years in Kentucky and Indiana , Thomas Lincoln worked as a farmer , cabinetmaker , and carpenter .	15	Singular
After talking with you and Professors Titman , Brown and Jemison , I was sure that UT was the right place to continue learning about energy - finance .	12	Singular
You do NOT learn the things you were promised .	5	Plural
I can tell you that the British Government is aware of its regulatory requirements on Objective 1 additionality .	7	Singular
Thanks .	0	Singular
This pledge is a new development .	0	Singular
My family is calling for your urgent assistance in funding the removal of the President of the Republic of Iraq and acquiring the petroleum assets of his country , as compensation for the costs of removing him from power .	7	Singular
2 teaspoons red wine or apple cider vinegar	1	Plural
There is a wonderful quote attributed to Einstein — " If we knew what we were doing , it would n't be called " research " , would it ? "	7	Singular
I have no inside information , but I have been following links today that strongly indicate that Google is damn serious about securing permanent control of the leading edge browser technology in Firefox .	18	Singular
" It may be uninteresting to a lot of people , " Beschta told Blue Planet .	7	Singular
I did not go near my father but kept my hand in my pocket , feeling the soft leather glove .	6	Singular
But I would like to say that safety is a priority objective for the Commission .	9	Singular
They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs , as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs	33	Singular
I mean that was discussed in U.S arms control journals , that they would have to regard as a potential threat to their strategic deterrent , meaning as a first strike weapon .	12	Plural
Click outside of the grid of lines and drag a rectangle over the grid .	13	Singular
This development is in line with the recommendation of the evaluator , while the organisation of more technical seminars is also being promoted .	7	Singular
This is some 35 minutes from Neiafu Harbour and provides the main concentration of humpback whales .	7	Singular
2000 Carr Futures	1	Singular
The collapse of and intervention in dozens of banks lead to a flight of capital , causing businesses to go bankrupt .	14	Singular
The classes cover all age and skill ranges , with BALLROOM , LATIN , SEQUENCE , STREET , DISCO , LINE DANCING , BALLET , TAP & JAZZ .	14	Singular
I know it s in the wrong catagory , but still , I wrote this question for a reason , not for you to critisize me .	3	Singular
She gave a small , self-questioning shrug , admitting the glibness of another kind of daily talk in another time .	19	Singular
The email confirmation ( which I read in the car ) warned about large suitcases , declaring that we are innkeepers , not longshoreman .	14	Plural
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language .	1	Singular
And then you say you wo n’t commit a mistake , so you ’ll commit new mistakes .	9	Singular
The down side was that sometimes there was a lot of noise in the hallway from other patients / doctors .	19	Plural
This language has been included in the attached draft .	2	Singular
This appears to be the case with the events which Mr Lomas reports in his question .	8	Plural
Great place to live if you work in and around downtown San Jose !	12	Singular
The few times I have consulted with a travel agent I was able to find the same for less on my own , and more options than what they were selling .	28	Plural
Visitors will not be allowed in the other shuttles and this trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum .	11	Singular
They are very well made and realistic .	0	Plural
Does Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version ?	0	Singular
From this , we conclude that an intervention based on cognitive digital games offers contributions to the learning process and improvement of sustained attention .	1	Singular
There are many good options of delicious food on the shores as well .	10	Plural
Let me know which is easier and we can coordinate .	7	Plural
He has become our department expert on the PSA account ( much more knowledgeable than myself ) and the various plan provision amendments .	8	Singular
The reason he said he did n't put that nail in was because he " did n't want to risk it " with my horse 's horrible feet .	11	Singular
Information on archive sites , and indices of comp.sources.unix back issues are posted regularly in comp.sources.unix and comp.sources.d .	3	Plural
" Hamas remains targeted by Israel , as in the past , and the Israeli occupation does not need excuses to pursue its aggression .	22	Singular
To one side of him was the park , green in the morning sun , with sharp , fleeting shadows ; to the other side was the Frick , white and austere , as if abandoned to the dead .	12	Singular
He and the next brother , Charlie , had already left Hogwarts .	4	Singular
Notice that each tag set has both start and end tags and is case sensitive , and that the tag sets are properly nested within each other .	20	Plural
Never miss an appointment because they will charge you the price of a treatment , even if you had an emergency .	10	Singular
I was playing a video game that has a m 16 Vietnam model , and in the game it 's 3 - shot burst .	7	Singular
Ironically he almost burst out laughing and it was all he could do to keep his mirth down to a barely controlled smirk .	7	Singular
What you do know is that there is one fact of Jewish life unchanged by the creation of a Jewish state : you can not take your right to live for granted .	4	Singular
Rent a car and spend a couple days outside of Dublin seeing the countryside and you will have the trip of a lifetime .	13	Singular
My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly completed .	5	Singular
I just got back from france yesterday and just missed the food already !	6	Singular
He said it sarcastically .	0	Singular
You do , however , have the option of purchasing Facebook credits , which can be used to send gifts or to purchase items on applications or games .	7	Singular
They were not enemies , they were not criminals , they were nothing earthly now , – nothing but black shadows of disease and starvation , lying confusedly in the greenish gloom .	22	Singular
I thought that since Chonawee has an optimization background , he would be good to have him go to dinner with Dr. Lasdon on Thrusday as well .	24	Singular
WHO say Iodine deficiency is the world ’s most prevalent , yet easily preventable , cause of brain damage .	3	Singular
He studied art at the Royal Academy in the Louvre , as well as with his father at the Royal Academy of Painting and Sculpture .	6	Singular
SO , IF YOU WANT A BURGER AND FRIES , WELL , IT IS OK .	8	Plural
At 3:15 am on night # 2 , the fire alarm and strobe light activated in my room .	12	Singular
Please let me know when he can expect to receive it .	5	Singular
He is at his best when he is doing his Nerd impression ...	0	Singular
This strength of design ensures that a Shakespeare play can survive translation , cutting and wide interpretation without loss to its core drama .	13	Singular
But that is precisely why we first need a clear strategy .	10	Singular
His first wife died of cancer about ten years ago and he has married again .	5	Singular
Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revising them as I am sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are .	19	Singular
*** Jason Chumley - Could you forward the number of contractor hours and help / remote support hours .	1	Singular
With development of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 9 ( IE9 ) browser almost complete , Microsoft announced on Friday that it is time for IE6 users to move away from the antiquated 10-year-old browser .	5	Singular
Attached for your review are draft talking points for the Cal Energy Markets conference I 'm speaking at on Thursday in SF .	14	Singular
I 'm checking my emails .	3	Singular
Rebecca :	0	Singular
While on the outer coastline , breathtaking natural beaches have pure white sand dunes and palm trees .	15	Singular
I think it is wonderfully responsible that you are going into this rescue eyes open and are getting the opinions of qualified professionals ( and a bunch of Yahoos ) before you decide to take this horse on .	28	Plural
So his name will remain unspoken .	1	Singular
I did an internet search to ascertain how long cats can live , however different sources give wildly different lifespans .	9	Plural
There 's supplies , and there 's wear and tear and maintenance , and bookkeeping and things like that that you have to do .	9	Singular
As to EPM like Shee said being in MI we 've had to deal with it .	8	Singular
What 've you been doing all these years in your ivory tower in Wiltshire ?	6	Plural
Either I suck at my own style or Janice is a genius .	9	Singular
How is your love life .	1	Singular
This translates in many ways , even sometimes lowering initial offering prices at markets .	11	Plural
The United States does n't believe the Iranian Government .	2	Singular
They are hoping Corp will foot the bill for a pilot which will allow them to fully test this tool before implementing it company - wide .	10	Singular
Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I 'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon .	8	Plural
The air , the very air , is thought-nourishing in Jerusalem , the Sages themselves said so .	14	Plural
Bending to the right indicates : " I know the right way to request You . "	3	Singular
It is also hard , on the other hand , to expect countries to surrender sovereignty over their national health systems .	19	Singular
The renovation project , which lasted for months , cut off this important route between the north and south of Europe .	11	Singular
His head then filled with Peter Stillman 's voice , as a barrage of nonsense words clattered against the walls of his skull .	21	Singular
Kim .	0	Singular
Name streets East of Main are cities east of the Mississippi River , vice versa for name streets west of Main .	6	Plural
The question is , " Should he have known it was coming ? "	6	Singular
The water changes help with that too .	5	Singular
" I can go as far as twenty-five . "	1	Singular
I am pleased with the service that i get at Luxe .	7	Singular
Make sure the trailer service you use is bonded / insured and knows something about first aid .	13	Singular
A young woman leaned her elbows on it and her white breasts pursed forward within the frame of her arms .	16	Singular
I found Bright Star Tours and Travels and Best and Affordable Tour Operators and Tours Agents in Chennai , India offered me Student Tour India Package for very less price .	0	Singular
Again , despite a rising chorus of concern from researchers , political markets have seemed frozen .	3	Singular
Orientation	0	Singular
I got highlights , haircut , and a blowdry .	0	Singular
It needs greater definition on the issue of what is to be done at Community level in terms of employment policy .	3	Singular
Under the mango trees , barbers ' mirrors set up a flash in the shade , and live chickens lay in heaps with their legs tied .	24	Plural
To accomplish this , Łódź has been capitalizing on its film history - Łódź is jokingly referred to as the " HollyŁódź " of Poland and hosts several film festivals and many other cultural events .	34	Plural
Mix .2 grams of luminol , 4 grams of sodium carbonate , .4 grams of copper sulfate , .5 grams of ammonium carbonate and 1 liter ( 0.3 US gal ) of distilled water in a second bowl .	29	Singular
Children and workers at power stations were both studied .	2	Plural
When I got to the job and tried to insert the new piece of metal IT WOULD NOT FIT !!	12	Singular
More people die from AIDS in one day in Africa than all the Russians who died in the hands of Chechnya - based Moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started .	1	Plural
The database was unveiled in 1999 as the National Enforcement Management Information System and Intelligence System .	1	Singular
it s jack s aquarium and pets I believe . ?	1	Singular
There is a clever , persistent young woman who writes to me often from Italy , who insists upon giving the most ordinary occurrences in my novels a political interpretation .	14	Singular
I just moved into the city , and I 'm wondering if there 's a place I can get good deals on restaurants here .	8	Singular
Jespersen was a professor of English at the University of Copenhagen from 1893 to 1925 , and served as Rector of the university in 1920 – 21 .	10	Singular
Just making up examples , but if a pair is constantly together , they may lay 10 - 15 eggs a day .	13	Plural
Below I pasted the email text , and it has a link to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created .	5	Singular
We have received intelligence that a Hover Charm was used at your place of residence this evening at twelve minutes past nine .	19	Plural
It is this circle that makes sure that women remain inferior , that democracy is unthinkable and that exposure to the outside world is minimal .	23	Singular
rumor has feb 05 on the calender .	1	Singular
Republicans captured the Senate for the first time since 1952 , and gained 34 House seats , but the Democrats retained a majority .	7	Singular
It was obviously out of excitement at this great event that I forgot to sign the register .	9	Singular
The social status of women is far below what it was in the Western World 150 years ago .	2	Singular
For weeks , reporters scoured Alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the National Guard there .	5	Singular
( He is 92 pounds ) He does not listen to any commands , but my major problem is that he will not go outside on command , or even with me .	17	Singular
This is also important where the prerequisites for the internal market are concerned .	0	Singular
Jim B	0	Singular
Sussex have four toes .	3	Plural
Serves FREE breakfast !	2	Singular
Let s try before Fri , as I am planning to take that day off	1	Plural
I go to school in the area and usually wait until I go home to get my hair cut .	17	Singular
Old and new meet in Fort Lee , as the Good Shepherd Episcopalian Church is dwarfed by a residential highrise immediately behind it	11	Singular
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , Mr Needle has gone to great trouble with the hearing in committee .	3	Plural
He was so accustomed to effacing himself in the hours of discussion of constitutional law and political tactics ( a white man , an outsider offering impersonal service for whatever it was worth ) ...	6	Singular
I think of a woman named Joyce Sandir .	0	Singular
We used to go out and lay in the pasture on a blanket and watch for the space shuttle .	0	Plural
The Church also claims that Paris not having her passport was maritime procedure .	8	Singular
A couple days after the oil change , the engine ran rough , the low oil pressure light would come on sporadically , and the engine would whir loudly .	16	Singular
HTML describes how a Web page should look , whereas XML defines the data and describes how the data should be structured .	5	Singular
Our cellphones are so much more than phones these days .	7	Plural
Sooners rule .	0	Singular
Good day , I 'm a foreigner living in malaysia , german citizen , 21 years of age , I was wondering if air asia recruits foreigners ?	1	Singular
I just called this number and it is a Ralph 's Market .	11	Singular
Subsequently , the programme took off and the budget allocation was completely committed in 2003 and 2004 .	10	Singular
He is currently in the emergency room at Ben Taub Hospital .?	6	Singular
I was thinking cichlids ?	3	Plural
Can we get together Friday morning July 7 at 800 am at your office ?	4	Singular
NASA celebrates 30th anniversary of first shuttle launch ; announces new homes for retired shuttles	0	Singular
I shall be available on both days .	0	Singular
To figure out when the last frost will be , consult an almanac or talk with other gardeners in your area .	20	Singular
If you ca n't buy ballet shoes , that it is okay .	10	Singular
I found her to be extremely solid , kind , compassionate , and intuitive as well .	2	Singular
Yau Wai-ching defeated another localist camp candidate , veteran politician Raymond Wong of the Proletariat Political Institute , by 424 votes .	14	Singular
Regarding how long the beverage will be made available , Stan remarked to The Brooklyn Paper , " We 'll keep it around until he ’s irrelevant . I hope he ’s there the whole way " .	31	Singular
I am really proud of her .	0	Singular
Although disability is not contagious , interest in disabled sports might put into question the masculinity of the males following it .	9	Plural
Washington would really have to anger Japan and Korea to provoke such action , but in a showdown with China - over Taiwan , for example - China holds the cards .	0	Singular
Fair give and take on both sides until we agreed on a deal that was within my parameters and was fair to both sides .	14	Singular
I did n't end up buying my car here , but I did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me .	37	Singular
When their daughter Cecily married Richard Plantagenet , the 3rd Duke of York , and had several offspring , including Edward IV and Richard III , Joan became the grandmother of two York kings of England .	17	Singular
As you know , we are in the process of transferring recordkeeping services from NTRC to Hewitt .	16	Singular
In addition to encouraging foreign direct investment , the EU could provide support to train local companies ' managers and help them develop their business strategies , with service providers remunerated by equity stakes or profit - sharing .	21	Plural
I could spend a year in Spain alone .	6	Singular
There was a silence broken only by the chink of knives and forks from downstairs and the distant rumble of Uncle Vernon 's voice .	8	Singular
What we need is a competent , efficient , and corruption - free government .	4	Singular
The rescued members included Bangladeshis and Rohingya , a stateless minority of Muslims from Myanmar .	12	Plural
Save me from Daddy Dando .	4	Singular
Questions Nos 60 to 111 will therefore receive written answers .	1	Plural
Fill in the subject , this will be the header that everyone sees as they scroll through the list of postings in a particular group , click the post message button .	20	Plural
All you can do is take each section ( individual video ) and edit them together on software .	14	Plural
A replay of the Cold War would cause immense damage to both Russia and Europe , and most of all to Ukraine , which is situated between them .	5	Singular
- Zsa Zsa Gabor	2	Singular
He said , Certainly I thought of going back , then . Before we left .	13	Plural
This trickle grew into a flood , resulting in 14 wolves being reintroduced in Yellowstone in 1995 by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service -- albeit over the strong and still - continuing objections of ranchers .	19	Singular
He is waiting ! '	0	Singular
The money funds their travel , explosives , hideouts and permanent search for soft vulnerable targets .	15	Plural
On the other hand though , if I 'm a client he should really of called back by now because you do n't leave a customer hanging .	7	Singular
Enjoy it while you can , and then if your family enjoys it you can go again for a longer period of time .	11	Singular
Glad to hear all is well .	4	Singular
Closing Loopholes and putting in place a system that is transparent and works .	7	Singular
Yes , said Quinn after a long silence .	7	Singular
Cons : * Server was n't very pleasant * Pretty small portion on the blackened catfish * Overcooked food * Time , took about 25 minutes from ordering to eating .	20	Singular
Demosisto 's Nathan Law earned a surprise victory as second place in the constituency with 50,818 votes , and becomes the youngest Legislative Council member in Hong Kong 's history .	23	Singular
System folders ( the System and System32 folders located in the Windows or WINNT folder ) .	4	Singular
Be sure to keep the feces out of the reach of children and pets .	11	Plural
Molten brass is damn hot and usually it 's pressurized gas and forced air or oxygen .	8	Singular
" The impact of global warming on fish stocks and fisheries is hard to judge , " the IPN report said .	7	Singular
he will explore the room , mark everything with his cheek , and try to make it feel like his territory .	0	Singular
We land and spill out and go our separate ways .	7	Plural
You can resize a control by using the sizing handles , or you can resize a control to the height or width of another control .	9	Plural
He heard Dando , forced by the old Labrador into the garden , walking about outside the guest hut and talking reproachfully to the dog ;	17	Singular
That the Iraqi Islamic Party is now contemplating leaving the Allawi government raises the question of whether a mass Sunni Arab boycott of the elections is in the offing , thus fatally weakening the legitimacy of any new government .	28	Singular
Thomas Sam , a practising homeopath , instead decided to treat his daughter himself .	11	Singular
In 2012 , there were an estimated 207 million cases of malaria , leading to some 627,000 deaths .	9	Plural
Dr. Strzalka at Flagship CVTS is not a good doctor	4	Singular
We need to change the Prod Description fro the LME Product .	5	Singular
Next month , Ukraine 's citizens will freely choose a new President – the best rebuke possible to Russian propaganda about our supposed failure to uphold democracy .	15	Singular
( 25 ) Surveillance authorities should exchange information on the measures envisaged within the scope of this Directive with a view to improving surveillance of the market .	7	Singular
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they had n’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .	25	Plural
The 2019 Winter Universiade will be hosted by Krasnoyarsk .	8	Singular
80Y - Enron Broadband Acquisition , Inc .	4	Singular
It is important not to touch the luminol .	1	Singular
Sara	0	Singular
Karl Rove , Bush 's most senior advisor , notoriously told Republicans on the ballot during the 2002 midterms to " run on the war . "	3	Singular
Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .	3	Singular
So what is all the fuss about suicide killings ?	5	Singular
So can somebody please list ALL of the food that includes the game pieces , and the number of game pieces you get with THAT FOOD !	12	Singular
It will help inspire young people to the adventure of space and to the excitement of a career in science , technology , engineering and math . "	17	Singular
A great philosopher once said , muttered Quinn , that the way up and the way down are one and the same .	7	Singular
Dengue fever is a leading cause of illness and death in the tropics and subtropics , with as many as 100 million people infected each year .	24	Singular
Whereas it is essential , if man is not to be compelled to have recourse , as a last resort , to rebellion against tyranny and oppression , that human rights should be protected by the rule of law ;	30	Plural
This means that messages initiated at Corp and intended for the entire Enron organization will not reach any business units outside the Corp domain .	18	Singular
A rocky cliff appeared , mounds of turned-up earth by the shore , houses on a hill , others , with iron roofs , amongst a waste of excavations , or hanging to the declivity .	28	Plural
After assuming absolute control over the country , he saw no further need for a legislature , and on October 12 , 1859 , he issued a decree formally abolishing the United States Congress .	24	Singular
Now , the mother then can go and reproduce , but what a terrible price to pay for the accumulation of this pollutant in these animals - the death of the first - born calf .	25	Plural
There was no air at all in the living-room , and a strong smell of hot fat .	16	Singular
The term renaissance is in essence a modern one that came into currency in the 19th century , in the work of historians such as Jacob Burckhardt .	2	Singular
Worse comes to worse , I 'm out of the $ $ and have to put him down anyway or have a pretty pasture ornament .	5	Singular
Plus , I work with Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that , instead of having a lawyer she has n't dealt with initial it .	22	Singular
We have had many conversations with them and they have always been extremely patient with me as I tried on multiple hats in search of the right costumes for my magic act .	29	Singular
She starred in the 2012 film The Five - Year Engagement , directed by Nicholas Stoller and co-starring Jason Segel .	0	Singular
you do n't know what that means ?	5	Singular
Or perhaps this innovation is less significant than its enthusiasts believe .	8	Singular
There was n't one that was not broken .	5	Singular
The horse is not in pain .	5	Singular
The differences may stem from copying or printing errors , from notes by actors or audience members , or from Shakespeare 's own papers .	7	Singular
I have 24 hrs in San Francisco - what are the best sights to see in my short time ?	6	Singular
Her work was noticed and she was recognized as a promising new author .	2	Singular
F.O.B. refers to the following terms : Seller is responsible for freight , unloading and storage up to and including delivery in warehouse , Buyer is responsible for storage , loading and freight after delivery .	13	Singular
In an interview with Terry Gross , Stephen Colbert said of his time at Second City that they had decided on not doing political humor and , in particular , hackneyed political humor such as Ted Kennedy drinking jokes .	32	Singular
But I got lucky because I qualified under another category to become a permanent resident .	14	Singular
The " Hatfill theory " accusing Dr. Stephen Hatfill was always highly dubious .	7	Singular
Asia Times Online 16/11/2004	0	Singular
We had 30 guests for the event , and everyone came away from the evening impressed with not only the food , but the outstanding service as well .	9	Singular
He said it was the same tire , and verified this , after checking both the actual tire on my car and my service papers from earlier in the week .	29	Singular
After my trees were cleaned up , they gave me a jar of salsa .	1	Singular
She seemed to know all about them and about me too .	6	Plural
We are only doing public domain works , for a number of reasons , partly to keep simplicity in our copyright situation -- public domain means it s as simple as can be .	5	Singular
Try the 360 restraunt u spin in the cn tower with a beautiful view the sky pod elevator is about an hour line up in the summer	17	Singular
Once , when he had been in the luncheonette , they had talked about baseball , and now , each time Quinn came in , they continued to talk about it .	20	Singular
' This one was almost featureless , as if still in the making , with an aspect of monotonous grimness .	3	Singular
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned Osama bin Laden in his three State of the Union addresses .	8	Singular
During the family 's years in Kentucky and Indiana , Thomas Lincoln worked as a farmer , cabinetmaker , and carpenter .	4	Plural
It 's an amazing experience !	1	Singular
Ounces measure weight , pints measure volume .	6	Singular
What results are two completely separate reviews of “ The Rains of Castamere ” which in turn document the fans ’ reactions to the episode in the form of user comment threads :	6	Plural
Hair parted , brushed , oiled , under a green-lined parasol held in a big white hand .	10	Singular
The media has tended to overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word " domestic " the word includes a US - based , highly - educated supporter of the militant islamists .	12	Singular
Judging by Nook Tablet 's processor it 's supposed to be quite faster !	5	Singular
If he always does this , welcome to the club .	1	Singular
Whether they pay me or not , if their parents get into an accident , stuck in traffic , etc. THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WAS N'T PAID .	9	Plural
The market in agricultural products is therefore no longer linked exclusively to price , but to the region .	12	Singular
It appears the Company had received news that one of their captains had been killed in a scuffle with the natives .	11	Plural
He may have been seen in Hamilton , Canada -- along with Egyptian al - Maati , who apparently also has received pilot training .	0	Singular
He could have shown much greater leadership in pushing for tax reform , regulatory reform , and school choice .	6	Singular
Everyone will therefore understand why I am rejecting them .	6	Singular
A work that constitutes a Collective Work will not be considered a Derivative Work ( as defined below ) for the purposes of this License .	23	Singular
Consider basing some of your words from other words you have invented .	5	Plural
Senator Patrick Leahy at a Congressional hearing in the Spring of 2002 noted that the FBI had collected the Ames strain from 20 sources .	20	Singular
West Oakland was once a burgeoning working-class neighborhood with its roots tracing as far back as the opening decades of the 19th century .	9	Singular
can anyone give me information about them ?	3	Singular
Very disappointed in Kitchen Aid as well , I thought that they pre-screened their vendors for price and quality of work , obviously they do not !	8	Singular
I heard that they orchestrated the largest people evacuation to a natural disaster in Indian history .	3	Plural
Name something you find at a carnival that comes on a stick ?	1	Singular
Where it risks fighting dual Sunni Arab and Shiite insurgencies simultaneously , at a time when US troops are rotating on a massive scale and hoping to downsize their forces in country ?	16	Singular
I could n't say no ... so Nicki ( the little girl - 10 yrs. old ) and I waited for the bus .	0	Singular
For example , if the chart summarizes sales revenue , and the source data also includes sales quantities , you might add the Quantity field as a data field to summarize both revenue and quantity of products sold .	34	Singular
I started collecting animations & jokes just to help with my boredom and depression .	10	Singular
Intelligence lapses	0	Singular
The Liberty also visited its private island Half Moon Cay , Puerto Rico , and Grand Turk .	11	Singular
for the past few days she has been shivering and wo nt eat but she could walk now her hid legs are not working but she is back to her self .. what should i do .?	30	Singular
The impression was that he and his wife were slipping away quietly after the field of battle .	14	Singular
Al - Gu'ud had favoured elections and was in good terms with the government .	5	Plural
Depending on the election year --	3	Singular
Gerry Strathmann eCommerce Group American Arbitration Association ( 978 ) 376-9004 303-294-4499	5	Singular
A very good friend of mine highly recommended the Professional Driving School and I was told to specifically ask for Gerry .	10	Singular
I go to school in the area and usually wait until I go home to get my hair cut .	11	Singular
Sunni Arab fundamentalists deeply sympathize with the Palestinians and with Hamas , and those in Iraq have deep historical inks with fundamentalists in Jordan and Palestine .	13	Plural
" We do not believe the suspect has ties to this school , or to the two girls , or specifically to the Abbotsford area , " she said .	11	Singular
" Balzac 's extensive use of detail , especially the detail of objects , to illustrate the lives of his characters made him an early pioneer of literary realism .	17	Plural
Psychology major at University of Texas Arlington Amneh Jafari heard of the incident and wanted to issue her support to Mohamed .	20	Singular
Today is good 12:30 ?	1	Singular
I believe that the Commission 's initial approach was wise , because the problem calls for countless exceptions to the general rule .	21	Singular
His father Mohamed El-Hassan Mohamed said he was taking his entire family to the U.N. headquarters in New York , because international dignitaries wanted to meet with his son and express their support .	32	Singular
She is just being friendly in public because she does not want to offend you and she treats you like any other friend .	17	Singular
I am writing you in absolute confidence primarily to seek your assistance in acquiring oil funds that are presently trapped in the republic of Iraq .	0	Singular
The report states that few if any food manufacturers use iodised salt in the preparation and manufacture of foods .	7	Singular
I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there , but i do know from personal experience that Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka is not a man of his word , and is also very CRUEL AND UNCARING !!	28	Singular
- ENRON.XLS << File : ENRON.XLS >>	1	Singular
So there is a lot of hurry - up pressure on the Senate to give its prompt vote of approval .	2	Singular
There was one Paul Auster in Manhattan , living on Riverside Drive – not far from Quinn 's own house .	19	Singular
A Quebec man was awarded a Carnegie Medal for bravery on Monday for saving two friends by fighting off a polar bear with a pocket knife two years ago on Baffin Island	9	Singular
The Creek Trail connects Rivertrail and continues east through Broken Arrow to the NSU-Broken Arrow campus .	15	Singular
" Unfortunately once again the few ruin it for the many , " wrote Jesse LaBrocca , founder of Hack Forums , in a message explaining why the section was being closed .	29	Singular
I just wanted to check with you regarding the consulting arrangement we discussed a couple of weeks ago .	0	Singular
will only be in Ho chi Minh for 4 days and I am looking for a 1 day or 2 day trip to Mekong delta .	11	Singular
York was home first to the Ninth Legion and later the Sixth .	0	Singular
By 2009 , total sales of The Power of Now and A New Earth in North America had been estimated at three million and five million copies respectively .	13	Singular
This right to love and form a family is so fundamental that our United States Constitution takes it for granted in its dedication to " secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity . ”	34	Singular
It ’s important that the joke ’s target ( the most basic element of your material ) be suited to your audience .	21	Singular
They 're all heroes , you know , heroes of the struggle .	0	Plural
This town is comprised of a large residential community that includes Fort Lee natives , transplants from New York , and immigrants , especially from Korea .	25	Singular
I have to decline the invitation with regrets .	0	Singular
Messages will not be delivered simultaneously to all users in the same domain , nor will they be delivered for two to five hours after they are sent by the message administrator .	23	Plural
I have also tried monthly data and the results are the same .	5	Singular
At the moment Shalev is in Levico Terme , Trento , Italy for a conference .	14	Singular
Monday , July 28 , 2014	0	Singular
03/15/2001 04:17 PM	2	Singular
Country has an Independent strategy = NASA & company to use " Numero Uno " strategy , try to assert , beat , mesh and control the space program of the country .	1	Singular
76 - Percentage of 215 cities surveyed by the US Conference of Mayors in early 2004 that had yet to receive a dime in federal homeland security assistance for their first - response units .	9	Singular
The Agel compensation plan includes the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it .	2	Singular
Your reserve chute should have been packed by a certified rigger and is moderately less likely to fail ;	2	Singular
Their service sucks to start off with , people are cruel and ignorant .	8	Plural
Then , reaching into one of his coat pockets , he would remove a red notebook – similar to Quinn 's but smaller – and write in it with great concentration for a minute or two .	10	Singular
And this depends on your interest .	1	Singular
M.D. Nalapat	0	Singular
The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development is very attentive to the demands of the experts and of society .	18	Singular
Late Jan sounds great .	1	Singular
Currently , Mercury and Venus is conjunct and the conjunction is being closely aspected by Rahu .	9	Singular
For God 's sake , Timothy , stop baring your teeth and sink them into something .	1	Singular
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions : Please do not transmit orders and / or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account ( s ) by e-mail .	16	Plural
Do you think it was an appropriate form of satire for Dan Savage to popularize the definition of the santorum neologism created in his advice column ?	25	Singular
Everything else in the station was in a muddle , – heads , things , buildings .	5	Singular
Thus far , none of the many " human rights " busybodies across the world have bothered to even notice such a development .	11	Plural
This is because PivotTable views use the Microsoft Office PivotTable Component , and Excel PivotTable reports either do not support certain PivotTable list features , or they implement some features differently .	22	Singular
I 'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow .	0	Singular
He could bear no longer that expressionless and motionless stare , which seemed to have a sort of impenetrable emptiness like the black depth of an abyss .	16	Singular
In this case , following the talent leads me to think that Google will be making an announcement this year that formalizes the Google - Mozilla / Firefox relationship .	23	Singular
as far as French planning experts are concerned , for example , the most probable scenario today is that of the entrenchment of regional disparities within each country .	5	Plural
School-Camps At Kopinga Marae [ 3 ] also utilise this wonderful national treasure for hosting visiting school groups .	17	Plural
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar 's property ) .	16	Plural
10 m - Estimated number of people worldwide who took to the streets on 21 February 2003 , in opposition to the invasion of Iraq , the largest simultaneous protest in world history .	31	Singular
You can not walk 5 feet without smelling that disgusting cigarette smoke and it blows right into the windows all day and all night .	8	Singular
I 'm not sure about the origin of the name but they are a lot of different cities with different and unique names like Miramar so it 's just a name .	30	Singular
Each time you open the page , Access will read the connection file , extract the connection information , and set the ConnectionString property of the page .	26	Singular
the irish customs we have in our family are ; we make sinnel cake for easter , barn brack and col - cannon for Halloween .	18	Singular
We just did a deal for the rest of the month for 10,000 / d at meter # 1552 QE - 1 @ $ 4.355 .... can you let me and Robert Lloyd know what the sitara # is ?	0	Plural
Everyone knows you must be crazy to come of your own free will to one of these countries .	16	Plural
They said he had caused the fire in some way ; be that as it may , he was screeching most horribly .	9	Singular
For the rest , after his hours of work , a casual stroll or a casual spree on shore suffices to unfold for him the secret of a whole continent , and generally he finds the secret not worth knowing .	16	Singular
The present evidence relating to Atta 's alleged travel to Prague does not warrant a conclusion that Al Qaeda obtained the Ames strain from Iraq .	2	Singular
I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law .	4	Singular
We hope to execute this Agreement this week .	7	Singular
Since work has gone to hell , I am hoping to find some excitement in the possibility that LSU may play in the Cotton Bowl ( if Rohan " Alabama " Davey shows up for the next 3 games . )	1	Singular
if the computer is completely shut off , the USB ports are n't getting power , so they wo n't charge your phone	9	Singular
They are dependable , have great connections in the community , and are a great resource for finding a job .	15	Singular
It had been a marriage of convenience to preserve her family 's fortune .	3	Singular
I know that Jeff is in Portland .	4	Singular
We do not want to make the conditions of competition worse for some countries unilaterally and improve them for countries such as Austria or other transit countries .	1	Plural
In the fuss to find somewhere to sit he saw the light of the fire under the spit running along the shiny planes of the woman 's face as it did on glasses and the movement of knives and forks .	22	Plural
Chancellor Angela Merkel must reach out to President Vladimir Putin to ensure that Russia is a partner , not an opponent , in the Ukrainian renaissance .	16	Singular
But , while Marx 's belief that capital and labor were substitutes , not complements , was a mistake in his own age , and for more than a century to follow , it may not be a mistake today .	11	Plural
However , this fruitful period was short-lived , as Greece suffered badly under the Ottoman Empire , only to recover in the 19th century as the capital of independent Greece .	14	Singular
Also we do not address calculation of a termination payment in the event of a change in law as the long form does -- again , more in the interest of " saving space " than anything else ...	33	Singular
" Non ! " means " non " , not " I might consider it , and I will keep you attached to my apron strings just in case . "	17	Singular
A query that uses wildcard characters in a criteria expression can produce different results under each query mode .	5	Plural
When he started out his poems were about beating drums , and blow , bugle , blow .	14	Singular
If you r in the USA and venture into Cuba then u need a passport	9	Singular
E E Cummings , locked up by the French government , finds his aesthetic paradise in the detention camp of Ferte Mace .	17	Singular
270 - Estimated number of court decisions citing federal Negligence in endangered - species protection that remained unheeded during the first year of the Bush administration .	3	Singular
Orders for the deal to go ahead were given by the US Department of Defense .	11	Singular
In April 2012 , the Turkish Minister President Erdogan announced his government 's plans to free Bosphorus by building the Istanbul Canal parallel to it .	24	Singular
Iran is encircled by Afghanistan , by the Gulf States , Iraq and the Moslem republics of the former Soviet Union .	20	Singular
He could have shown much greater leadership in pushing for tax reform , regulatory reform , and school choice .	14	Singular
I could easily go to Nordstrom for my designer jeans and pay the same price , but I go to the Garment District for their service .	9	Plural
Petrarch meets LAURA : April 6 , 1327 Monday	2	Singular
If they 're going kinda slow and like fake biting ( not biting as hard as they can ) , and fake scratching ( not hitting as hard as they can with their paws ) then they 're playing .	29	Plural
But then , maybe that would n't have saved him either , because Posada is not Meiring .	14	Singular
He really knew only some of the people but all of them seemed to know about him , and many were the friends of friends .	11	Plural
What made it perfect was that they offered transportation so that I would not have to wait there or take time off of work to go back and forth or try to find a ride .	2	Singular
Everyone knows that it is politically impossible to turn to the Member States and ask for an increase in the Membership fee .	4	Singular
I assume we should come over EB .	2	Plural
rent car & drive to first hotel ( less than 1 hour away ) ; collapse	11	Singular
Started in 1990 , the Taipei lantern festival continues a 2000 year old tradition of light related festivals marking the end of the Chinese New Year celebrations .	23	Singular
I say this remembering that Jacques Maritain once characterized European anti-Semitism of the twentieth century as an attempt to get rid of the moral burden of Christianity .	17	Singular
Ironically he almost burst out laughing and it was all he could do to keep his mirth down to a barely controlled smirk .	16	Singular
The United States truly no longer has time for faulty analysis or politically - based preconceptions .	2	Singular
After the Russian Revolution in 1917 , some countries , such as Finland , Poland and the Baltic States , won their independence .	17	Singular
But as Harry climbed onto the window-sill there came a sudden loud screech from behind him , followed immediately by the thunder of Uncle Vernon 's voice .	12	Singular
the first part ( of four ) covers a span of six years , while the final two sections focus on just three days .	23	Plural
And I remember there sitting at my desk thinking , " Well , I know this " .	15	Singular
Catherine of Russia was also very satisfied .	0	Singular
Mahmoud Zahar , Hamas 's leader declared the cease fire after Israel killed it's former leader , Muhammed Sheikh Khalil .	15	Singular
I was not happy with the way they looked , very wavy , uneven edges , and with the exception of 1 , there is a dip in the center of each nail .	26	Singular
I would also like to point out , Madam President , that this Parliament voted to express its confidence in President Prodi during the previous legislature .	20	Singular
Ok so if youre snake will take pre-killed , you can " gas it " .	13	Singular
A sender purporting to be islamist sent cyanide in both early 2002 and early 2003 in New Zealand and ingredients of nerve gas in Belgium in 2003 .	16	Singular
I was ashamed to be in friendship with girls ... until I undrstood that it 's not seakness as well as women wearing men 's pants is n't seak :)	23	Plural
The children can be checked in and checked out in a safe way at many activities so you can have a bit of free time without the little ones .	15	Plural
Sustainable development also requires proper consideration of the health , social and economic impact of the measures envisaged .	1	Singular
It does get pretty cold in Ireland so going before winter is your best bet .	10	Singular
The first ( n = 31 ) participated in the intervention , the control group ( n = 40 ) was only evaluated using the test before and after the same time interval of interventions .	34	Plural
Even though you may not want to use them , it will give you some idea of what it might cost and what is fair .	8	Plural
A sacrococcygeal teratoma is a tumour that develops before birth and grows from a baby 's tailbone .	16	Singular
However , New Orleans also had many affluent people , people who left town early as they had the means .	3	Singular
He stood at the sink , drinking cold water and looking at the avocado pear pip growing suspended by three matchsticks in the neck of a pickle jar of water on the sill .	23	Singular
Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !	38	Singular
Would that not be better than total harmonization , which is fundamentally a commercial rule aimed at promoting commercial interests , not food quality ?	7	Singular
Visit message boards and post this article as a new message by highlighting the text of this letter and selecting paste from the edit menu .	5	Singular
The Ottoman Empire and Russia were denied permission to keep their war fleet in the Black Sea .	12	Singular
The problem is whether one cares what happens to the polar bears , checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables .	17	Plural
4 Sheikh Lotf Allah Mosque , Naqsh-e Jahan Square , east side .	11	Singular
Saturday , September 12 , 2015	0	Singular
Adding all the Enron " Specified Entities " would only make a default under a financial transaction with those other Enron entities a default under this agreement .	21	Plural
can you please give me an update on where you are in the negotiations of the ISDA with the following counterparties and confirm which Enron entity you are negotiating on behalf of .	16	Singular
For by definition an orphan drug is precisely a drug that offers very limited prospects of making a profit .	14	Plural
Complexities surrounding the operation of the Off Balance Sheet Facility ( " OBSF " ) which commenced two weeks before the year end .	3	Singular
Get masking tape or packing tape and tape screws and other little things that came out of something back against it .	4	Singular
I look at some of these other comments & laugh because people think that the world revolves around them !	11	Plural
Higuchi 's likeness adorns the Japanese 5000 yen banknote as of fall 2004 , becoming the third woman to appear on a Japanese banknote , after Empress Jingū in 1881 and Murasaki Shikibu in 2000 .	0	Singular
In September 1944 , a fleet of Japanese ships hiding in the harbor were sunk in a daring raid by the US navy .	12	Singular
If you are looking for towing services that can offer you a good towed car service , then Auto Towing is the company for you .	5	Singular
I have been growing my hair out for 1 year plus and went in to get 1 inch taken off .	4	Singular
Of course law enforcement has dragged it's feet when members are taking part in the activity themselves .	7	Singular
I put my foot in the water and it was cool .	3	Singular
Eddie Chu received the largest vote in any geographical constituency	9	Singular
Musharraf held elections in October of 2002 , in which center - right parties did well , but in which nearly 20 percent of parliament seats went to the fundamentalist religious party coalition , MMA .	25	Plural
As a yoga studio , I 'm sure you 're all aware that all actions generate karma …	3	Singular
( 12 ) Although a comprehensive approach to environmental performance is desirable , greenhouse gas mitigation through increased energy efficiency should be considered a priority environmental goal pending the adoption of a working plan .	6	Singular
I went across the bay last night to attend a farmer 's market and music event .	14	Singular
If you want to practice at home , make sure you 've got enough open space to move freely , preferably on a hard wood floor .	15	Singular
Even in the best of times , it did not lead to an increase in living standards ( except for the bankers ) , and it eventually led to the crisis from which we are only now recovering .	7	Singular
Qanooni refused to accept the Iranian advice as his fellow Panjsheri Tajiks urged him to stand against Karzai .	11	Plural
Owing to its history , Łódź has an impressive collection of residential , commercial and industrial 19th-century architecture including some of Europe 's largest factory buildings , now mostly repurposed as shopping centres or lofts .	17	Singular
ANSI-89 describes the traditional Jet SQL syntax .	6	Singular
If they are getting quotes to put up new rock then we will need to clarify .	11	Plural
Excellent chefs are in the kitchen preparing memorable breakfasts .	1	Plural
He arrived in 1777 at the age of 23 , and served as a military engineer in the Continental Army with Major General Lafayette .	21	Singular
In the words of my new accountant , THEY LET ME DOWN !	4	Singular
You 'd think they would do a good job but they do n't care unless they are getting paid full price .	10	Plural
When I was ten my father already showed me some stuff in mathematics and the beauty and the imagination was quite apparent .	8	Singular
As a result , we made some mistakes along the path .	2	Singular
Media , Software , Fun and Games , Website design , Web Promotion , B2B , Business Promotion , Search Engine Optimization .	14	Singular
He said , Certainly I thought of going back , then . Before we left .	4	Singular
I am just a satisfied customer .	1	Singular
That pollution was money to that community , and those people dealt with the pollution and absorbed it into their skin and into their bodies because they needed the money .	26	Plural
For each person , you could hide all game stories , see just photos , limit updates to life events and more .	1	Singular
the company is Arco Products , adn their comments are on the attached file .	13	Singular
His Ph.D. dissertation , A Synopsis of English Syntax , was the first full-scale analysis of a major language according to the " immediate-constituent " theory .	8	Singular
Transmedia systems , like that exemplified by Game of Thrones , are becoming increasingly prevalent ( e.g. , Star Wars , Harry Potter , The Walking Dead , the Marvel Cinematic Universe , etc ) ;	9	Plural
Environment Minister John Baird has asked government officials how such documents that are supposed to be stored in " approved security cabinets " wound up on the street .	7	Plural
In a statement to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation , the Church denied these allegations :	13	Plural
That 's very sweet of you , dear , but it 's dull work , said Mrs Weasley .	1	Singular
ISLAMABAD – Last month , Oxford University 's Green Templeton College held its annual Emerging Markets Symposium at Egrove Park .	3	Singular
ever since Harry had come home for the summer holidays , Uncle Vernon had been treating him like a bomb that might go off at any moment , because Harry Potter was n't a normal boy .	2	Singular
Among others , National Central Offices for the fight against counterfeiting were created in several countries ;	1	Plural
" Calculation of Floating Amount : The Floating Amount payable by [ ENA ] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows :	24	Singular
And there is another topic which is very important in mathematics which is called representation theory .	15	Singular
I did n't get a chance to talk to Paul today .	5	Singular
Suppose at the end of the year they were not put on contract ?	6	Singular
$ 5.87 - Amount allocated per person in New York City .	6	Singular
Just knowing a whole lot about a single species is n't very useful , even if that animal is as special as these clearly are -	8	Singular
And every time he see some one he will rush to people and jump on them , does n't listen to me .	7	Singular
Please give me a call if you would like to discuss .	4	Singular
Direct access connections might enable users to access EnronOnline more quickly than is currently possible through internet access .	2	Plural
Also , while travelling ask people where they 've been and if they have any hotel recommendations .	16	Plural
This language has been included in the attached draft .	0	Singular
When creating a new password , be sure that it is at least 6 characters in length and that you use a complex string of numbers , letters , and punctuation marks .	31	Singular
wikiHow now has millions of visitors per month .	5	Plural
The implementation of the Programme made a slow start , mainly due to its adoption in December 2001 .	4	Singular
try something like photoscape which has different options ...	7	Plural
It was night in Europe all the way .	4	Singular
A cafeteria lunch in New York actually refers to a meeting in Canada between Churchill and Roosevelt , and a tussle with a drunk in the hallway of a rooming house corresponds to D-Day .	26	Singular
All three of Mrs Weasley 's sons were taller than she was , but they cowered as her rage broke over them .	18	Singular
In the District Council ( Second ) functional constituency , commonly know as " Super District Council " seats , pan-democracy camp 's Kwong Chun-yu of the Democratic Party received 491,667 votes , the highest in this constituency .	16	Singular
Jespersen received honorary degrees from Columbia University in New York ( 1910 ) , St. Andrews University in Scotland ( 1925 ) , and the Sorbonne in Paris ( 1927 ) .	9	Singular
The paint becomes exhausted , the city encroaches with its soot , the plaster crumbles within .	6	Singular
They have unbeatable price in town and deliver on time .	3	Singular
After the 1906 earthquake , many San Franciscans relocated there , and the industrial development of the 20s and 30s saw its population in the hundreds of thousands .	21	Singular
Orders and / or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and / or instructions .	28	Plural
You misunderstood him yesterday .	3	Singular
Creative Commons makes no warranties regarding the information provided , and disclaims liability for damages resulting from its use .	7	Singular
0 - Number of new drugs or vaccines against " priority pathogens " listed by the Centres for Disease Control that have been developed and introduced since 11 September 2001 .	28	Singular
Anthony Sill Legal Counsel Uecomm Limited 126 Trenerry Crescent Abbotsford , VIC 3067 . Ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 Fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 Mob. 0417 575 920	5	Singular
they have n't heard from you in a while .	8	Singular
The area attracts many humpback whales between June and November and there are lots of companies organising tours to see them .	15	Plural
His inexperience and lack of capital caused his ruin in these trades .	3	Singular
Many times prideful people have a serious ' my-way's-the-only-way ' attitude .	10	Singular
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	38	Singular
What greatness had not floated on the ebb of that river into the mystery of an unknown earth ! ...	17	Singular
At this stage it is more important to concentrate on assessing how we can use this process to steer Union regional policy , bearing in mind that the aim is to reduce regional inequality .	21	Singular
Because I do n't feel like spending over $ 20 on a freakin DVD	13	Singular
One such murder , with the help of hysterical media coverage , can destroy the tourism industry of a country for quite a while , as it did in Bali and in Turkey .	23	Singular
One of “ NCRC4ME ’s ” major efforts is to collect signatures for the attached “ Declaration of Religious Leaders , ” which has been and will again be presented to members of the NC legislature .	34	Singular
I 'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow .	5	Singular
We all know what happened , but even to this day , there are many different versions and opinions on how it happened and what effect Chernobyl will have on the health of people affected by the fallout .	33	Plural
George Bush And his special friend	1	Singular
" Dr. Shady " is a jerk .	4	Singular
A reminder .	1	Singular
The world was outside of him , around him , before him , and the speed with which it kept changing made it impossible for him to dwell on any one thing for very long .	11	Singular
Many of the neighborhoods are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings than the hustle and bustle of Downtown and Chinatown .	17	Plural
The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced " Vilt-two " — the discoverer was German , I believe ) .	27	Singular
" Calculation of Floating Amount : The Floating Amount payable by [ ENA ] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows :	1	Singular
More people die from AIDS in one day in Africa than all the Russians who died in the hands of Chechnya - based Moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started .	13	Plural
It resulted , however , in the abandonment of important pieces of heavy artillery , and it remains a matter of historical debate why the railway to Flensburg was never properly used for the evacuation .	28	Singular
BTW you do nt want your leg locked in place , it will move WITH the horse a bit .	18	Singular
They were conquerors , and for that you want only brute force – nothing to boast of , when you have it , since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others .	25	Singular
And that ad had pulled so many girls , because they -- I think they all thought that nice girls do n't do this .	1	Singular
By Greendale School , the anthrax perp was being cute , just as Yazid Sufaat was being cute in naming his lab Green Laboratory Medicine .	13	Singular
He could have shown much greater leadership in pushing for tax reform , regulatory reform , and school choice .	11	Singular
I am a licensed mental health counselor and I work with variety of mental health problems .	6	Singular
These wolf packs have flourished , and now there are an estimated 850 wolves roaming the northern Rockies , where merely 10 years ago there were none .	1	Singular
A woman walks into an Israeli restaurant in mid-day , eats , observes families with old people and children eating their lunch in the adjacent tables and pays the bill .	13	Plural
Gregg	0	Singular
Today I went into Kwik Kar and there were two cars in front of me for inspection ... but I was still out of there pretty quick ... barely had time to read a chapter in my book .	16	Singular
The media routinely obscures the lines between terrorism and legitimate resistance , as the recent article by Daniel Okrent of The New York Times demonstrates .	15	Singular
The first challenge that we have before can do any kind of analysis of these interstellar dust particles is simply to find them .	4	Plural
Just the fact that those were the lead stories for so many days , in everything from US Weekly to Time Magazine .	8	Plural
I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has .	6	Plural
The ANSI SQL query mode default for new Access databases in 2002 and 2000 file formats	14	Singular
The world was outside of him , around him , before him , and the speed with which it kept changing made it impossible for him to dwell on any one thing for very long .	15	Singular
F.O.B. refers to the following terms : Seller is responsible for freight , unloading and storage up to and including delivery in warehouse , Buyer is responsible for storage , loading and freight after delivery .	20	Singular
The mysteries of the universe continue to attract and intrigue you , as you apply your mystical awareness to the important decisions upcoming in your life , especially concerning partnerships of all kinds .	29	Plural
Of the total 56 projects , 41 originate at the competent authorities of Member States , while 15 are an initiative of the Commission / OLAF .	19	Singular
The 2000 tax return has no income , assets , or liabilities .	11	Plural
Professor Eastman says iodine is added to only 10 per cent of Australian salt in contravention of a World Health Organisation recommendation that all salt be iodised .	20	Singular
Historically important and economically crucial for these islands today , Port Hutt is the ideal location for a short browse around and a mecca for those photography buffs [ 2 ] .	26	Singular
The media has tended to overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word " domestic " the word includes a US - based , highly - educated supporter of the militant islamists .	19	Singular
well i d just come straight out and tell them how you feel	9	Plural
“ Average age 62 , birth rate 0.22 , net immigration of half a million a year ” —	6	Singular
Another thing was two different time scapes : one goes very slow and one goes very fast and they almost kind of meet in the end .	5	Singular
Research shows that increasing agricultural productivity is the most effective way to reduce poverty in sub-Saharan Africa .	13	Singular
He is a legend . "	1	Singular
Nicolai collaborates on various cinematic scores by Morricone as Metti , one night at dinner ; some of them were written by both together .	9	Singular
A string of islands and reefs along the eastern edge of the Group shelters the area from strong winds and ocean swellS and humpback whales come to these protected waters to give birth .	12	Singular
Let her explore when we moved my cat had to explore the entire house before she felt comfortable .	15	Singular
In all , we received requests for 61 persons outside of Enron to host an eSpeak event .	5	Plural
My experience with Home Delivery Service has been one of disappointment and anger .	12	Singular
I 'm under 21 + and looking for a nice place to take my boyfriend out for dinner where they play music and there is a dance floor .	24	Singular
Hyatt web site improved .	0	Singular
Take the 8 line toward " Balard " until the " Invalides " station .	3	Singular
is a start tag and is an end tag which together describe an element of data , in this case , the customer 's name .	7	Singular
When someone comes in , say , " I 've got this , " before you push all of the buttons .	11	Singular
It is no exaggeration to say that HBO ’s Game of Thrones is more than just a television series or a successful brand :	17	Singular
It 's this sort of enlightened self interest that keeps large open source projects alive .	13	Plural
Under these conditions , what will the future of the rural areas of Europe be like as a consequence ?	11	Plural
He had told me that he found indescribable delight in reading dictionaries for lack of other books .	13	Singular
I would like to thank all of the parties who participated in this settlement process .?	8	Plural
Pike 's concern is based on China 's development of a new medium - lift rocket , the Long March V , and the construction of a new space launch complex on Hainan Island in the South China Sea .	28	Singular
Muttering darkly , Mr Borgin disappeared into a back room .	3	Singular
This is one of the worst places I have stayed , we cut out stay short and went to the Mulberry .	20	Singular
At the same time , an Iranian Opposition Group released what they call proof of a covert nuclear weapons program .	13	Singular
They explained that elk in Yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams , a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion .	14	Singular
When the fence was first installed I would have given them five stars , now for their poor customer follow - up and unwillingness to fix the fence they have dropped to a one - star in my opinion !	19	Singular
Email : Bill McGinnis < bmc...@patriot.net >	2	Singular
I see that we are scheduled to have lunch today .	9	Singular
Schemas provide a model for an XML data document which defines the arrangement of tags and text within all documents referencing the schema .	16	Singular
You can add new filter fields or move existing fields to the filter area .	4	Singular
In 1997 , he married María Elena Fernandez-Miranda , a lawyer and diplomatic attache .	5	Singular
To truly make a glowstick without breaking an already-made glowstick and shoving its contents into a tube ( also known as cheating ) , you 've gotta let your inner scientist out ( along with a few dollars ) .	21	Singular
It was conducted just off the Mexican coast from April to June .	9	Singular
Everyone was friendly from the receptionist to the surgeon herself , putting me at my ease and explaining the whole process , both initially and then as we went along .	5	Singular
It was a standard eight-and-a-half-by-eleven notebook with one hundred pages .	1	Singular
In 2014 the Italian municipal tax discipline has changed from the ICI system to the IMU system by the Monti government .	11	Singular
Is it normal for dogs to throw up blood while having gastroenteritis ?	8	Singular
I have lived in the UTC La Jolla area for many years , and I never new this salon was here until a friend reffered me to see Holly here .	8	Singular
From about the 8th century BC city states began to appear : small , self - governing territories with their own political systems .	17	Plural
In early June 2003 , a CIA report concluded that the reason for Atta 's and Zacarias Moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	21	Plural
We had a ball .	0	Plural
Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .	4	Singular
The confidante and right - hand man of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri admitted that Zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to use it against US targets .	24	Singular
The Church of Scientology 's cruise ship Freewinds in Bonaire .	7	Singular
Drop areas	1	Plural
I want to present to you a suite of six mycological solutions , using fungi , and these solutions are based on mycelium .	17	Plural
or are they just supposed to look like they are so nothing will try to eat them	2	Plural
I may not have to pay a penalty , yet , but this is NOT what I had in mind when hired these guys .	16	Singular
Hilary E. Ackermann Goldman Sachs Credit Risk Management & Advisory Phone : 212-902-3724 Fax : 212-428-1181 E-Mail : hilary.ackermann@gs.com	9	Singular
And olive oil works fine if it 's all that 's left in the pantry .	3	Singular
I 've been doing this professionally since I was in my twenties , and before that since I was sixteen doing little tidbit poetry readings in coffeehouses .	10	Singular
Hundreds of vendors offered products new and old , joined by celebrity guests like Stan Lee , Mark Hamill , and Margaret Atwood .	15	Singular
Response : Iraq is actually hostile territory for al - Qaeda , and without Iraqi sympathizers it can not succeed there .	15	Plural
2 ) S Luest P.O. Box 366 Garden Grove , CA 92842 USA	3	Singular
I found her through a colleague one day when one of my clients was in the midst of a panic attack and needed professional help that I am not qualified to provide .	2	Singular
In the 1950 s , a wave of new critical approaches replaced modernism and paved the way for " post - modern " studies of Shakespeare .	5	Singular
Their correspondence reveals an intriguing balance of passion , propriety and patience ;	11	Singular
For example , after we 've opened up by asking about this person 's interest in the band in his / her username , it 's logical and reasonable to ask about this person 's musical likes and dislikes .	1	Singular
As he crossed 112th Street , he saw that the Heights Luncheonette was still open and decided to go in .	11	Singular
Projects have to be carried out more efficiently , more flexibly and they have to be made more productive .	1	Plural
He did n't have my number either because this was the first time I 've called HIM instead of his dad .	20	Singular
Arctic summer sea ice will decline by 50 percent by the end of the 21st century , the assessment found , with some models predicting complete disappearance of summer sea ice .	3	Singular
In the 1350s , King Gongmin was free at last to reform the Goryeo government when the Yuan dynasty began to crumble .	2	Plural
Based on specific intelligence inputs , Army arrested Ghulam Mohiuddin Lone , a LeT man , from Doda district .	17	Singular
The owners of Bowtie manged to add something new while preserving what was already there .	1	Plural
Provide plenty of hiding places like rocks , plants , etc in the tank .	13	Singular
I 'll get back to you as soon as I have more info ( hopefully later today )	0	Singular
There 's of course Jason , who is our editor and he 's the one who writes dD .	11	Singular
It 's " tall " being it 's bigger than a pony , but it 's on the small end for a horse .	0	Singular
As such , it is essential that HANO comply with 2003 enforcement agreement , " said James Perry , GNOFHAC Executive Director	21	Singular
I 've tried bland white rice but he wo nt eat anything .	7	Singular
- enrongss.xls << File : enrongss.xls >>	3	Singular
although luminescence is common in anemone relatives , they do n't usually make light themselves .	13	Singular
The study was published in journal Nature Climate Change yesterday .	1	Singular
Dave is a patient and methodical teacher , who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students ' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take .	22	Singular
Mark E Haedicke	2	Singular
the number : 1-800-991-9019	1	Singular
But it has outlived its usefulness , and Microsoft no longer wants to support it .	1	Singular
I ca n't imagine them not being able to meet the Feb 05 deadline .	13	Singular
Fred brought the car lower and Harry saw a dark patchwork of fields and clumps of trees .	16	Plural
In today 's instant world , there 's no reason for the instructor not to even have given us a phone call or e-mail if she was going to be late .	21	Singular
By that time , however , he had accumulated enough points in each year to cover six years of service .	2	Singular
Sports in the United States largely reaffirm existing relations of power in society .	12	Singular
Upon receipt , I shall forward to each of you a copy of the reviews for your respective associate .	3	Singular
1 cup ( 200 g ) sugar	6	Singular
He always hugs me when he comes , but he gave me at least 5 tight , long , back rubbing hugs while he was there .	24	Singular
The Romantic poets attempted to revive Shakespearean verse drama , though with little success .	13	Singular
You can filter a field to display only data that matches the value in a selected cell .	16	Singular
Their Thali was not brought out as described ( no saag ) .	10	Singular
SECOND-YEAR STUDENTS WILL REQUIRE :	1	Plural
Mohamed was a VIP guest at the Google Science Fair this weekend , and was able to meet finalists at the event held at Google 's headquarters located in Mountain View , California .	3	Singular
A calamity had come to it , sure enough . The people had vanished .	1	Singular
As time went on , I came out with books and CDs , and I became used to that kind of thing .	18	Singular
They were killed .	0	Plural
With the US military presence posing a threat on their borders in both Iraq and Afghanistan , Iran ’s moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise Karzai so that the US presence in Afghanistan is reduced .	20	Singular
Either these people do n't know anything about what they are renting , or worse - they are bait and switching .	9	Plural
People goggled through the bars at him as he lay , starving and weak , on a bed of straw .	6	Singular
The formalin is great for preserving structures , but for anemones , it prevents study of DNA or of the chemistry of the body .	6	Plural
Mrs Clinton has a reputation for a hawkish outlook , but this will be tempered by war - weary public opinion in the US .	4	Singular
I did not have a good experience w / Dr. Ghassemlou .	9	Singular
Petite Terre : uninhabited and untamed .	1	Singular
It ALL had to do with the sales guy which was a young 22 year old who had admittedly only been working for 2 weeks .	14	Singular
If some records in one of the fields you used in the expression might have a Null value , you can convert the Null value to zero using the Nz function as shown in the following example :	17	Singular
A writer ? Quinn spoke the word as though it were a lament .	1	Singular
It was noted that some countries showed a low level of participation , among them some of the euro area countries .	19	Singular
Even if local Palestinian leaders remain strong enough to keep al - Qaida out , the festering Israeli - Palestinian struggle remains among the best recruiting posters for al - Qaida with young Muslim men .	12	Singular
Curry .	0	Singular
You can add new filter fields or move existing fields to the filter area .	13	Singular
Students at LUISS University were told during the course of a meeting which took place in Rome .	0	Plural
I encourage you to do this dance , as it has tremendous positive effects .	0	Singular
2 ) S Luest P.O. Box 366 Garden Grove , CA 92842 USA	5	Singular
Any suggestions would be really helpful , thanks !	7	Singular
One such murder , with the help of hysterical media coverage , can destroy the tourism industry of a country for quite a while , as it did in Bali and in Turkey .	9	Singular
In the light , Margot Wentz 's head was the figurehead of a ship above the hulk of her body :	8	Singular
Thanks again for your help with this project ,	4	Singular
I applied to get a student visa to study in Canada , I received one that is valid until October of 2015 .	6	Singular
Attached are the gas settlement and support for May .	8	Singular
plz bring your dog to the vet ASAP !!!	6	Singular
I saw her sometimes : in a bright pink dress , a sparkling drink in her hand , on the arm of some foreign officer with brocade on his shoulders , at the edge of a marble patio .	26	Singular
What 's going on with the UBS weather position ?	6	Singular
In the summer , Georges and his wife returned to Switzerland , accompanied by Rosane , an 18 year old who was the daughter of one of Germaine 's friends .	10	Singular
3 = Number of 11 September hijackers whose entry visas came through special US - Saudi " Visa Express " programme .	9	Plural
A large group of my friends and I rent almost the whole motel every year for a weekend , and the experience and stay have always been five - star .	7	Singular
Their quote came in at half the price of A&E for the same work and same part .	16	Singular
Northeast of Temescal and near the Berkeley border lies Rockridge , a neighborhood mixed with family friendly and artistic vibes .	2	Singular
This is more true for real-life situations than it is online , but this mantra has some truth in the world of IM flirting as well .	6	Plural
My cat is a outside cat but she loves it inside .	1	Singular
Go to Goldstar.com and get tickets for about a third of the price .	9	Singular
Touching deep into the idea is what builds intuition - it is a synthetic process .	4	Singular
In the Beatles ' song " Get Back " they advise black Joe to " get back to where you once belonged " , as if England was not a place for black people .	27	Singular
Signs of this can be hard to spot , and if this is true in her case she will definitely need to see a vet .	2	Singular
In light of the CA regarding curves , I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information .	1	Singular
I fancy I see it now , but I am not sure – not at all .	2	Singular
Fort Lee can also be accessed by boat or ferry from New York City via Edgewater and Weehawken docks .	1	Singular
Lopez addressed the note which I had written , sealed it with his sleeve - link , and sent it by the hand of the servant , Jose .	5	Singular
Worse comes to worse , I 'm out of the $ $ and have to put him down anyway or have a pretty pasture ornament .	23	Singular
Once we get the word from Lavo we 'll let you know .	1	Plural
No one is left out ; there are clear references to women , for example .	14	Singular
so i live in Invercargill New Zealand and i want to know if there are any good places to buy an ice - cream sundae from other than mc donald s lol	6	Singular
Anthony Shadid of the Washington Post reveals that the warrants for the arrests had been issued months be for .	5	Singular
I 've already made my XMAS plans .	5	Singular
The first was to tell himself that he was no longer Daniel Quinn .	12	Singular
An old black Labrador with corns on his elbows stood slowly swinging his tail before Dando as he talked .	5	Plural
A recent example of weather control was China 's preparation for the 2008 Summer Olympic Games .	6	Singular
Michael and myself are planing to be in Hoston on Thursday and Friday of this week .	2	Singular
I should like to welcome Mrs Cresson and ask her to reply to Mr Valverde 's question .	9	Singular
The term Nexus is applied to sentences , structures similar to sentences and sentences in formation , in which two concepts are expressed in one unit ; e.g. , it rained , he ran indoors .	1	Singular
air dry clay works on armatures , the clay has a minor shrink percent , so you can leave the wire armature inside , paint with acrylic paint	13	Singular
Wednesday , July 12 , 2:300 will work for me .	9	Singular
In general , we should not be overly prescriptive at this point and I know you agree with that .	10	Singular
The economic analogue of codependency applies especially well to the US and China .	2	Singular
My Snake 's meal is TOO big , what can I do ?	1	Singular
All that is needed now is to determine whether it works in practice .	9	Singular
The owner / baker , " Pie Guy " is a hoot to deal with as well .	9	Singular
What 's the best time to start a trip around the world ?	8	Singular
The Toronto office will be video conferenced in .	1	Singular
Neil stood on the moonlit patch of earth in front of the dark building and called up , but there was no response .	0	Singular
London ’s landmark South Bank Tower commissioned interior designer Rachel Winham to design the show apartment .	15	Singular
All this will help you use both legs evenly , keep proper contact and use your wight correctly , to keep your leg in a good position .	12	Singular
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 Fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 Email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	7	Plural
I was soooo lucky to have used Marlon 's photography services .... such a creative and talented photographer and a pleasure to work with .	9	Singular
They 'll die off , I suppose .	0	Plural
A Bronze Age astronomical observatory was constructed there around 1900 BC and continuously served the nearby community that lived there until about 700 BC .	1	Singular
Martin 's box is working wonderfully - I 'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by Friday .	10	Singular
Food - very good for a midnight meal that is n't fast food .	12	Singular
The theme of this years lantern festival revolves around the 12 year Chinese zodiac cycles year of the pig .	3	Singular
The Greater New Orleans Fair Housing Action Center ( GNOFHAC ) filed a housing discrimination complaint against the Housing Authority of New Orleans ( HANO ) last week .	14	Singular
Like the sushi , do n't like the pad thai .	2	Singular
Cape Town 's local government is the City of Cape Town , which is a metropolitan municipality .	9	Singular
NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announces where four space shuttle orbiters will be permanently displayed at the conclusion of the Space Shuttle Program during an event commemorating the 30th anniversay of the first shuttle launch on April 12 , 2011 .	21	Singular
For them , dating would normally be meeting in groups or parties , then pairing off .	1	Plural
With the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911 , Mongolia under the Bogd Khaan declared independence .	10	Singular
Al - Qaeda in Afghanistan was a group of only a few hundred " Afghan Arabs " who pledged personal loyalty to Usamah Bin Laden .	23	Singular
When the war ended he came to Israel via Cyprus , joined Kibbutz Sdot Yam , married , and had two children .	12	Singular
I Have This Exact Cage , Bought From The Exact Ebay User .	2	Singular
In the words of my new accountant , THEY LET ME DOWN !	2	Plural
I think they 'll send us another update once he 's out of emergency and into a room .?	7	Singular
Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day .	0	Singular
Filtering a field is particularly helpful when you have a large amount of source data but you want to focus on specific areas .	14	Singular
Image : Daily et al.	2	Singular
This could break your application and require rewriting your application .	0	Singular
This is , after all , his business , and if he wants you to remain a customer why on earth is he doing shoddy work ?	21	Singular
Had 33,000 miles , Ram 2500 3 / 4 ton , 4 x 4 , 360 Magnum Motor .	4	Singular
If such a decision is taken with respect to only one of the acceding States this Treaty shall enter into force for that State on 1 January 2008 .	20	Singular
By the 7th century BC , social unrest had become widespread , and the Areopagus appointed Draco to draft a strict new law code ( hence " draconian " ) .	3	Singular
Any of the tip - top places have great ice - cream , get them to mix it up .	17	Singular
He says : I not know that town , I have to get to work , I 'm in PHILLY .	9	Singular
That address is .	2	Singular
Due to business reasons , previously scheduled interviewers from the Penn team have had to cancel their participation .	7	Plural
Full reconciliation and recalculation of OBSF option premium values	7	Singular
For the first couple of weeks back , Harry had enjoyed muttering nonsense words under his breath and watching Dudley tearing out of the room as fast as his fat legs would carry him .	15	Singular
To prove that he was not a self-obsessed ingrate , he began to question Auster about his writing .	14	Singular
My assistant Joanne Rozycki has cell , car numbers to reach me .	1	Singular
He himself fitted a cat-flap in the bedroom door , so that small amounts of food could be pushed inside three times a day .	21	Plural
In a statement , Governor of Washington Chris Gregoire said , " The Museum of Flight put a tremendous amount of effort into landing a retired shuttle in the Pacific Northwest .	19	Singular
I do n't see Bush doing any of this .	8	Singular
It will take me a little while to read the whole thing , but I rarely agree with a John Paul Stevens opinion .	22	Singular
Why don't all profiles have a " Subscribe " button ?	1	Singular
A large number of them are Bangladeshis , who like millions of their countrymen have left their densely populated homeland to settle elsewhere .	16	Plural
For many of us , this includes small chores , like taking out the trash or pulling a few weeds , but can include simple tasks in all areas of life .	19	Plural
– and we 're going to London next Wednesday to buy my new books .	13	Plural
$ 680 m - Estimated value of Iraq reconstruction contracts awarded to Bechtel .	7	Singular
Can ssome oone please tell me where i can buy some weed in auckland .	11	Singular
But iPhone was the first " Officiol " touch screen smart phone .	9	Singular
You have received this BBC Breaking News Alert because you subscribed to it or , someone forwarded it to you .	7	Singular
Legislative measures may be needed where market forces fail to evolve in the right direction or at an acceptable speed .	1	Plural
The husband of the current candidate for the White House , Hillary Clinton , pardoned a number of people , also including Rich , on the last day of his presidency , January 20 , 2001 .	1	Singular
Using aimless motion as a technique of reversal , on his best days he could bring the outside in and thus usurp the sovereignty of inwardness .	2	Singular
You people think it is race , but it is not .	3	Singular
" Her voice literally went around the world , " Leive said .	7	Singular
In fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .	6	Singular
Instead he pulled the military off , stopped the bombing of North Vietnam , withdrew from the presidential race , and spent the rest of his term in office trying to surrender to North Vietnam .	26	Singular
Sheltered by the building the garden was a grassy look-out over fuzzy colours of flowers , bees , and early moths to the long valley .	20	Plural
me and my dad where in NJ for a kc chiefs ( my home team ) vs the NY jets and for game 4 of the world series .	18	Singular
Can a government listen to phone conversations of terrorists and drug dealers ?	10	Singular
It 's a little hard to parse , but at this point his ostensible view is that the Gateses are very good money - redistributors , and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible .	1	Singular
So it was a city of grandmothers .	4	Singular
On Jan. 31 , Oregon Federal District Court Judge Robert E. Jones appeared to agree with them .	11	Singular
They were chirping and doing their every day business .	8	Singular
" I need to pay for a damaged book , " she said .	1	Singular
Pacific Standard owner , Jonathan M. Stan , displays the Santorum cocktail drink as a finished product at the bar . ( 2012 ) .	1	Singular
Finish the hard stuff .	3	Singular
It serves as a reminder of the work that needs to be completed for the cross-linguistic study of SI in particular and acquisition more generally .	22	Singular
If we have time next week , I could step you through our website -- www.weathereffects.com .	1	Plural
Nobody can claim that the interference of Afghanistan ’s neighbours is over , but the elections will do much to strengthen Karzai and deal more firmly with neighbours ’ interference .	9	Plural
If momma ain't happy , nobody ain't happy .	1	Singular
Al - Abbudi stated that " His Emminence " decided to openly support the list because " others " ( obviously a reference to Allawi ) have been abusing official state positions and media outlets in their campaigning .	0	Singular
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they had n’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .	23	Singular
Of course you 'll come back to us now !	7	Plural
This is my favorite coffee store .	4	Singular
anyways I feed them to my road sometimes .	5	Singular
Click the blue arrow to see the filter that is in effect .	3	Singular
Rob Jacobs < rsjacobs@Encoreacq.com >	0	Singular
For the twentieth time the same thing happened .	6	Singular
in n out of the chicago area ?	6	Singular
I 'd go back if I could get the last minute rate again of $ 99 , but I would n't pay their rack rate .	11	Singular
But she took a tidbit of crisp fat from her husband 's fork .	12	Singular
Superior work - always comes through when we need him .	1	Singular
Puree it until smooth , then put it in a food storage bag and freeze until you need it .	10	Singular
Generally , wildlife and natural viewing is best from the end of January through May .	5	Singular
They were conquerors , and for that you want only brute force – nothing to boast of , when you have it , since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others .	0	Plural
Its maximum low - altitude speed is Mach 2.2 , some three times faster than the American - made Harpoon .	6	Singular
They become accomplices , by omission , and this applies to political leaders , intellectuals , business people and many others .	20	Plural
This is referred to in the emblem and when you hear the dwellers of Łódź ( łodzianin ( man ) łodzianka ( woman ) łodzianie ( plural ) ) calling themselves " the boat people " .	33	Singular
I never felt pain or discomfort .	0	Singular
you can check it out : los angeles online dating	6	Singular
My perspective is entirely based on what I see , on what I read and on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years .	0	Singular
You need our insights just as we need your structure .	3	Plural
to distribute copies or phonorecords of , display publicly , perform publicly , and perform publicly by means of a digital audio transmission the Work including as incorporated in Collective Works ;	7	Plural
Both were excellent sales men who put my needs first .	4	Plural
3 TO 4 DAYS if you are lucky on average it takes about 6 days .	11	Singular
It was as though he was flicking the ball back and forth underneath three upturned cups .	1	Singular
Using the Virtual Microscope volunteers can search over the collector for the tracks of the interstellar dust particles .	16	Singular
Stacey Barclay Richardson Enron Net Works , LLC - Global Contracts Stacey.Richardson@enron.com ( 713 ) 853-0569 Office ( 713 ) 646-2495 Fax ( 713 ) 710-6084 Pager	5	Plural
It is my understanding , from good sources in the Gov s office that the Gov will order Loretta Lynch to expeditiously implement the provision to suspend all parties auhtority to enter into direct access contracts .	24	Singular
I ended up going to the Centre for Social Evolution at the University of Copenhagen where I did a project on learning in Ants under supervision of Prof. Patrizia d'Ettorre .	23	Plural
The scientists found reduction of crop yields by 2050 exceeded 10 % of 2000 levels , substantially decreasing food security , in all cases examined .	18	Singular
Below I pasted the email text , and it has a link to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created .	1	Singular
Not the usual mode of operations .	5	Plural
They do n't seem to know anything but the hype they are told and the packages they have available to them .	6	Singular
Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to read her speech to you .	2	Plural
But he was an inside / outside cat ( only one I owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats ) .	2	Singular
Especially if you are planning to spend couple days with family and kids , which best suit you can select ?	8	Plural
If the data access page includes any Microsoft Office Web Components ( a PivotTable list , chart , or spreadsheet ) , only users with a valid Microsoft Office 2002 license will be able to use those components .	10	Plural
So that ’s a good memory .	1	Singular
Anyone who 's spent a lot of time on a farm with chickens is probably familiar with this trick .	10	Singular
U.S. President George W. Bush shakes hands with Chinese President Hu Jintao in a bilateral meeting in Santiago .	5	Singular
They asked us things that we would have never have thought of , and took extra time to meet with us when we needed it before the wedding .	0	Plural
As he turned the question over in his mind , it occurred to him that he no longer had an opinion .	15	Singular
He ’s spoken in favour of torture .	4	Singular
Nevertheless , his keen insight regarding working-class conditions earned him the esteem of many Socialists and Marxists .	14	Plural
There were two classes of each grade , starting at the sixth and going down to the first .	6	Singular
Then , also , he 's got so much stuff in there right now , that I do n't know how he 's going to fit baby stuff .	9	Singular
And what food has EXTRA game pieces .	3	Singular
My shoes were white and I was concentrating on keeping them out of the mud .	6	Singular
The meeting 's participants agreed that strong efforts to support pre - conception care in the context of maternal - and child - health services were vital .	7	Plural
Why am I getting a Facebook invitation email from a friend ?	4	Singular
$ 101 m - Amount Lay made from selling his Enron shares just before the company went bankrupt .	10	Singular
To me the doctor says in her normal voice , “ It ’s just a little lidocaine . ”	4	Singular
On September 21 , 2004 , the U.S. Senate Appropriations Committee approved $ 16.379 billion in funding for NASA for fiscal year 2005 .	9	Plural
There 's no other candidate – since he is the only one who accompanies Don Quixote on all his adventures .	1	Singular
Budgies are breast feeding birds and it may be the male is bisexual .	4	Plural
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas as a location .	7	Singular
We looked at the venerable stream not in the vivid flush of a short day that comes and departs for ever , but in the august light of abiding memories .	26	Singular
Great spot to kick back for a cup of joe and a snack .	7	Singular
You shop in supermarkets , you say good morning to friends on the telephone , you hear symphony orchestras on the radio .	17	Singular
This is an issue which affects aspects of everyday life .	1	Singular
that is how i want you to refer to me as " the king "	1	Singular
46 - Percentage of Republican federal judges when Bush came to office .	2	Singular
Properly-fitted ballet shoes should be snug , but not so tight they cut off blood flow and create numbness in the feet .	14	Singular
However General Barno insists the US presence poses no threat to Iran .	2	Singular
Surgery visit timings were always made to suit me and not them and they gave me the feeling that I mattered and was important to them .	13	Plural
And other parts of the economy that provide services to the financial sector – Porsche dealers and strip clubs , for example – will be similarly encouraged .	18	Plural
I am a new patient .	4	Singular
Review on House of Joy Chinese Restaurant	2	Singular
My brother said they only had full - auto and semiautomatic during Vietnam .	12	Singular
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	34	Singular
Tom 's group would like to know if we have any interesting in buying the crude on either a fixed or floating basis .	22	Singular
Rodgers	0	Singular
All the regional countries have publicly backed the Karzai government and supported the electoral process , but serious undercurrents remain as they all have their favourite contenders in Afghanistan .	9	Singular
In particular , annexes cannot be adapted to take account of technical and industrial developments .	3	Plural
Lunar landers and other gear needed for extended visits to the moon will be lofted by gargantuan launchers as big as the Apollo - era Saturn 5 , the most powerful rockets ever flown .	17	Plural
My hair looks amazing , and I get compliments all the time .	11	Singular
Her mentor did not return her passionate , if discreet , love for him , and instead treated her as a younger sister .	5	Singular
" ... to gaze at Wei 's art is like entering a floating world of dreams . "	5	Singular
Regardless of method , the winning seeker wins 30 points for his or her team , unlike the books , in which the snitch is worth 150 points .	6	Singular
But , the newly established Republic of China considered Mongolia to be part of its own territory .	5	Singular
She was offered several scripts , television commercials , and stage projects , but none piqued her interest .	17	Singular
Samuel Schott	1	Singular
They picked my car up in Yarmouth and towed to Bath for a great price .	6	Singular
I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again , I 'll definitely order a steak .	12	Singular
I am thinking about getting a rabbit as a pet , but my parents said that it has to stay outside .	12	Singular
Kind regards	1	Singular
Inequality can corrupt and paralyze a country 's political system – and economic growth along with it .	16	Singular
But get either one male and one female , or two males .	7	Singular
The very structure of the text of the COM in wine shows us that wine is an agricultural product rather than an industrial product .	12	Plural
All Aries natives may have to tighten their belts and curb their desire for constant expansion .	2	Plural
It can be purchased at the Airport in Cuba on arrival , however it should be noted that many airlines will require a valid tourist visa card before boarding flights .	8	Singular
It 's really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in one place and I want to spread the word .	22	Singular
In the end , these choices provide the greatest number of people with the best opportunity to share in the history and accomplishments of NASA 's remarkable Space Shuttle Program .	2	Singular
Eventually , in about 512 - 511 BC , the Macedonian king Amyntas I accepted the Achaemenid domination and surrendered his country as a vassal state to the Achaemenid Persia .	29	Singular
You have requested a debate on this subject in the course of the next few days , during this part - session .	4	Singular
The US State Department said John Kerry , the Secretary of State , contacted Thailand 's foreign minister over temporary housing for the Rohingya out at sea .	3	Singular
A great breakfast which was included every morning until 9:30 am ; yummy fresh Parisian croissants .	10	Singular
A lot of intellectual effort has been devoted to devising better ways of maximizing advertising and marketing budgets – targeting customers , especially the affluent , who might actually buy the product .	20	Plural
When we compare male and female farmers with similar land sizes across similar settings , the productivity gap can be as high as 66 % , as it is in Niger .	6	Plural
Feb 2005 is the projected release date , although Guild Wars is made by ex-members of Blizzard , so Feb 2005 could mean August 2006 ...	11	Singular
It will analyze emerging proposals for effective transmission planning and pricing , including market - based pricing alternatives to FERC 's traditional pricing methods .	17	Plural
We have tried many different computer people until now - we will stick with Qualitech Computers !!!	6	Plural
By completing this maglev line , I think the government is expecting bigger economical development in Japan .	2	Singular
openness of participation , added value , representativeness , quantified and staged objectives , involvement of civil society , monitoring and reporting , cost-effectiveness of administering a self-regulatory initiative , sustainability .	7	Singular
No meat on Burger and too much pepper .	7	Singular
It is next to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to Sacre Coeur which is excellent for shopping .	4	Singular
Not to mention that the wait staff was about as pleasant as dealing with an angry bull .	6	Singular
Please send me an email response about whether you and Michelle Cash are OK with what he 's written .	17	Singular
They talk down to you like they are supreme beings , if you hate your job so much then quit !!	0	Plural
The Board of Muslim clerics in Fallujah , 50 km west of Baghdad , " condemned the assassination and promised immediate revenge against the coalition soldiers in Iraq . "	17	Singular
He turned to his work .	0	Singular
Come and see Manakau , the property of his descendants , located on the eastern corner of Rekohu and blessed with the sun 's first rays as they rise above the sea each day .	3	Singular
NASA intends upon retiring the space shuttles in 2010 , which only leaves it with 18 flights towards the ISS .	13	Singular
Fortunately , overcoming your procrastination is easy to do when you put your mind to it .	5	Singular
He makes a great point of insisting that everything in the book really happened in the world .	16	Singular
Microsoft Access provides several techniques to help you analyze data .	9	Singular
i m traveling to lourdes for a day	4	Singular
He was a thin man , going bald , but the little hair he had was as red as any of his children 's .	22	Plural
looks like it is rearing its head again in Louisianna ..	3	Singular
ANTONIO PEREZ 1535 - 1611 [ Philip II 's renegade Secretary of State ]	0	Singular
There is considerable evidence that it is developing both a long - range missile force and a range of weapons of mass destruction .	3	Singular
i am very discouraged and sad and i do n't know what to do .	0	Singular
The term " Aggregate Transporter Imbalance " is located in several sections .	4	Singular
‘’ Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , ” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan ’s National Security Directorate .	33	Singular
This common black ant eats other insects , and also aphid honeydew .	4	Singular
If we choose to do something on J-Lo , it ’s going to be something like that , something less obvious .	9	Singular
What more can be said : " Burch 's Karate is the GREATEST ! "	9	Singular
Mercedes and Dan are very thorough and on top of everything !	10	Singular
If you plot multiple charts , you will see a drop area for multi-chart fields .	13	Singular
So it is essential that we activate this right fully .	8	Singular
One thing that I should say ... is that like all research , the outcome of what we are doing is highly uncertain .	7	Singular
In 10 more years we 'll have a better idea . "	3	Plural
Make $$$ .	1	Singular
Where are you living these days ?	5	Plural
But I 'd go elsewhere unless the prices are cut .	1	Singular
And that ad had pulled so many girls , because they -- I think they all thought that nice girls do n't do this .	23	Singular
I recommend you to everyone in Calgary , as she is a professional and the cost for her was low .	12	Singular
From this standpoint , the evaluation of the implementation of the budget may take on a dimension that overrides matters of detail .	18	Singular
Guerrillas threatened to assassinate Prime Minister Iyad Allawi and Minister of Defense Hazem Shaalan in retaliation for the attack .	6	Singular
It would be , he said , without taking notice of my irritation , ' interesting for science to watch the mental changes of individuals , on the spot , but ...	4	Singular
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking to recreate Mohammed 's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on Egyptian leaders .	18	Singular
I took a tip from Carri and looked up Rat ASCII's on Google .	0	Singular
Seeing the shocked look on Harry 's face , Ron added , It does n't hurt them – you 've just got to make them really dizzy so they ca n't find their way back to the gnomeholes .	13	Singular
Gadding with Ghouls by Gilderoy Lockhart	5	Singular
The election elects 70 members of the Legislative Council .	2	Singular
The poetry depends on extended , sometimes elaborate metaphors and conceits , and the language is often rhetorical — written for actors to declaim rather than speak .	26	Plural
John somehow obtained Polish seaman 's papers , and for several years he worked in the engine rooms of German freighters .	6	Plural
Their chauvinisms got to the point that even they themselves hated each other .	8	Plural
Although it had a prestigious past , the city 's political , economic , and cultural importance had declined over the centuries , leaving behind only its classical ruins as a reminder of better times .	16	Singular
The salatim salads are the smallest plates I 've ever seen placed in front of me ( you would most likely think they were condiments if it were n't explained to you ) .	2	Plural
Instead of being taken to a hotel , where he could route out as promised , he was taken to the Century City Towers .	16	Singular
This way , you always know who you 're connecting with .	5	Plural
5 Aggregate field	2	Singular
only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine .	11	Singular
Our company is a high end designer handbag and fashion accessories company , thus we are certainly a niche market .	10	Plural
A new explosion outside a coffee shop on the Jaffa Road : six young people killed and thirty-eight more wounded .	2	Singular
They already have rights to take it , alter it , and release those changes to the world - this is what the whole open source thing is about .	9	Singular
When their precious cartoons are released I highly doubt it will look like the end of the world .	9	Singular
We now present the kaoshikii dance , which is excellent before and after yoga postures .	4	Singular
Yes I 've had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the door so yes a plastic cage will be good	24	Plural
I recommend you to everyone in Calgary , as she is a professional and the cost for her was low .	10	Singular
Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons ' then - current trademark usage guidelines , as may be published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time .	15	Singular
will only be in Ho chi Minh for 4 days and I am looking for a 1 day or 2 day trip to Mekong delta .	20	Singular
They are probably especially oriented toward the Salafi school of modern Islamic thought , which has a Protestant - like emphasis on going back to the original practice of the early companions of the Prophet Muhammad .	27	Singular
Afterwards I took it back when it was borne in upon me startlingly with what extreme nicety he had estimated the time requisite for the ' affair . '	21	Singular
" Architecture wo n't help deceased people , but it helps to keep their memories alive among the living , " he says .	1	Singular
Harry , trying to say Shh ! and look comforting at the same time , ushered Dobby back onto the bed where he sat hiccoughing , looking like a large and very ugly doll .	13	Singular
" Dr. Shady " is a jerk .	2	Singular
Thus , the leaders in charge of Al Qaeda 's anthrax production program had a close connection to those imprisoned in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Center .	5	Singular
I went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000 etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info it s greatly appreciated .	11	Singular
Unlike the introverted Hamlet , whose fatal flaw is hesitation , the heroes of the tragedies that followed , Othello and King Lear , are undone by hasty errors of judgement .	9	Singular
I need suggestions for San Francisco restaurants with good food and good catering service .?	9	Singular
$ 2.7 m - SoCal rate issue - $ not collected	6	Singular
I bought a beginner s quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts .	12	Plural
Thur. Sept. 28 - Paris ( Versailles or Fontainbleu - half day side trip )	4	Singular
Shakespeare combined poetic genius with a practical sense of the theatre .	3	Singular
I waited for her to say more , but she did n't .	9	Singular
If it finds a matching value name , Access loads the reference from the path specified in the corresponding value data .	19	Singular
Here in Jerusalem , when you shut your apartment door behind you you fall into a gale of conversation exposition , argument , harangue , analysis , theory , expostulation , threat , and prophecy .	18	Singular
04/16/2001 04:52 PM	2	Singular
And she knows quite well that we 'd never see each other in London either .	6	Plural
The government 's Flag Consideration Project has planned a number of conferences and roadshows as part of this process , with the first meeting set to take place in Christchurch on May 16 .	3	Singular
Moreton Morrell in Coventry , Warwickshire	3	Singular
Qanooni refused to accept the Iranian advice as his fellow Panjsheri Tajiks urged him to stand against Karzai .	6	Singular
Dedicated bodies were created for the technical analysis of counterfeits in the Member States , the ECB - for banknotes , and the Commission - for coins .	12	Singular
To buy into Putin 's sham federalism is to accept the lies that the Kremlin has been spewing about Ukraine 's current interim government and the brave men and women who ousted Yanukovych .	11	Plural
Unfortunately , these hazardous chemicals will not float freely in mid-air like this graphic suggests .	10	Singular
In a single cubic inch of soil , there can be more than eight miles of these cells .	4	Singular
The front - runner for the 2000 Republican presidential nomination faltered Thursday in an international affairs pop quiz posed by Andy Hiller , a political reporter for WHDH - TV in Boston .	21	Singular
His excursions through the city had taught him to understand the connectedness of inner and outer .	11	Singular
per our conversation yesterday afternoon , attached are proposed drafts of the Schedule and the Para. 13 relative to the above .	2	Singular
Liars , negative stars !	3	Plural
WHEN YOU FIRST COME IN THE HOSTESS IS NOT VERY FRIENDLY , THERE IS JUST A BUNCH OF WORKERS STANDING THERE .	6	Singular
He walked a hundred yards or so up the road , and , meeting a man on a bicycle , greeted him in the language that had come back to him as he lay in the room .	18	Singular
We called few companies before we decide to hire them .	5	Plural
Behind this raw matter one of the reclaimed , the product of the new forces at work , strolled despondently , carrying a rifle by its middle .	3	Singular
The counterman shook his head .	1	Singular
Yes , Mrs Schroedter , I shall be pleased to look into the facts of this case when I have received your letter .	18	Singular
After all , the volume of production could not possibly expand enough to reemploy everyone who lost their job as a handloom weaver as a machine - minder or a carpet - seller , could it ?	18	Singular
Wikinews interviewed him for May 's Interview of the Month ( IOTM ) on May 18 , 2006 .	0	Singular
The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date ( or start date ) to the Termination Date ( or end date ) .	19	Singular
Basing letters on objects ( pictographs ) is an easy way to start a writing system .	7	Singular
He now discusses his work with Wikinews .	3	Singular
If they do n't like it , it 'll only be two days , remember ?	7	Singular
Its projected demand , boosted by a huge rise in car ownership as well as the need to find alternatives to polluting coal for electricity generation , has contributed to the surge in the price of oil this year .	34	Singular
Israel , which receives us impartially , is accustomed to strange arrivals .	11	Plural
So , if anyone can give me some advice , I 'd sure appreciate it !	6	Singular
A woman walks into an Israeli restaurant in mid-day , eats , observes families with old people and children eating their lunch in the adjacent tables and pays the bill .	10	Singular
Two months ago I had to have an operation for a serious complaint .	8	Singular
Any white light emitting light source will emit UVA , including heat bulbs , that 's the easy one to provide for .	8	Singular
The front desk staff was very pleasant and efficient .	1	Singular
In any case , since the book is supposed to be real , it follows that the story has to be written by an eyewitness to the events that take place in it .	18	Singular
The train was crowded , and as the passengers started filling the ramp and walking toward him , they quickly became a mob .	2	Singular
The guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the furniture quickly , Ahmed , was nice and mostly professional , except the semi-sketchiness .	25	Singular
" I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , " Baird said .	18	Singular
Al - Abbudi stated that " His Emminence " decided to openly support the list because " others " ( obviously a reference to Allawi ) have been abusing official state positions and media outlets in their campaigning .	7	Singular
Goodwyn dutifully notes that Baba Groom did n't remember George telling drunk stories .	5	Singular
They are beautiful and will add a lot to our collection .	10	Singular
One of the boys was from Oklahoma , near Tulsa .	6	Singular
If you can present opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds , or other ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the S@P , I 'd listen .	27	Singular
So they are 3 times larger than us and they have all the oil in the world .	7	Plural
Attached is a summary of products and the various Enron groups seeking answers .	9	Singular
" This strain helps with back pain , this strain helps with nausea , this product makes you sleep at night , " says Dietrich from the company 's headquarters in Denver , Colorado , where pot is sold legally .	33	Singular
Brickell Honda has been the best buying experience in the world .	1	Singular
Artists reach people at their heart ; it ’s the only time we meet in one place and put our differences aside .	19	Plural
Eon ’s fixed rate tariff costs £ 760 and Avro Energy customers would pay around £ 760 for its Simple and Select tariff .	4	Singular
The ruling will also be posted on the web site as quickly as possible .	1	Singular
this kebab shop is one of the best around the meat is good and fresh and the chilly sauce is the best , keep them lovely kebabs coming and a happy new year to all the staff	10	Singular
Bobby is a member of a bicycle team , while cycling this weekend , he and other members of his team were injured by a truck .?	1	Singular
How much notification would you like to give the TW customers before implementing the new TW Hotline phone number ?	18	Singular
( You can enter most nightclubs with proper clothes , that is , no sneakers , no shorts )	11	Singular
The accumulation and dissemination of the body of knowledge generated by the ecodesign efforts of manufacturers is one of the crucial benefits of this Directive .	1	Singular
Had a horrible experience with a manager here , Rachel McInnis , she was rude , inconsiderate and did not do the right thing for an item that was marked incorrectly ...	12	Singular
Most of the " talking heads " on television , however , knew only that Daschle and Leahy were liberal democrats and did not know anything of Al Qaeda beyond what they read in the US newspapers .	15	Singular
Winston Peters is visiting a school .	2	Singular
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to own property alone as well as in association with others .	4	Singular
He was very anxious for me to kill somebody , but there was n't the shadow of a carrier near .	8	Singular
China launched Shenzhou VI , its second manned spacecraft , early today in northwest China 's Gansu Province .	17	Singular
3 - Number of companies that control the US voting technology market .	4	Plural
Please , ask Stinson as well .	3	Singular
They are hoping he 'll only be in the hospital 48 hours .	0	Plural
I certainly had the impression whatever tension there was had eased up , last time I saw Mweta in London .	14	Singular
Why would someone post the location of a dealer in a public place ?	2	Singular
Aeromexico staff at Cancun airport claim that only citizens of China and Russia need no visa .	10	Singular
The only way to fight this new " popular " weapon is identical to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas : the offensive way .	11	Singular
As a result , north of the Andaman Islands , Bangladeshi coastal areas have become a nest of terrorists involved in the shipment of drugs and arms .	16	Singular
Dr Greenwalt fixed my neck from a snowboard injury and was way more effective that a regular doctor .	1	Singular
You can go further and feel that your unit consciousness , a dot in the Infinite Consciousness , is merging with Infinity .	8	Singular
Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .	1	Plural
Give me a few days , and I 'll be in touch .	1	Singular
In her humble home she was visited by other writers , students of poetry , admirers , the curious , critics , and editors requesting her collaboration .	11	Plural
I am no fanatical defender of profits for pharmaceutical industry multinationals .	10	Plural
It is Iran 's missile armaments that pose the greatest concern for American forces in the Gulf , especially for the US Navy .	4	Singular
And what do we get for this effort ?	6	Singular
But in fall of 1999 , Gen. Pervez Musharraf made a coup against Nawaz Sharif .	14	Singular
These companies find it harder to recruit skilled graduates when financial firms can pay higher salaries .	11	Plural
The Structural Funds have played a key role in the development both of urban and rural parts of peripheral countries , mainly through the upgrading of roads , water treatment and related transport networks .	32	Singular
According to ABC News , Basya also believes the asylum seekers found in the water may have left the boat on purpose to be rescued to avoid being sent away from Indonesia waters .	10	Plural
With these fusions , chiropractric is n't as successful , but it still is very helpful .	11	Singular
The Sea Org requires members to sign a billion-year-contract , agreeing to work for the organization founded by science fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard for multiple lifetimes .	2	Singular
Bogd Khaan said that both Mongolia and China had been administered by the Manchu during the Qing , and after the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911 , the contract of Mongolian submission to the Manchu had become invalid .	16	Singular
There are many prehistoric artifacts , including several different menhirs and dolmens .	11	Plural
~ It took over 40 mins to be taken to our table , once there it took another 20 mins to get our orders and a further 45 mins till our starters landed on our table .	10	Plural
Michael Gapinski Account Vice President Emery Financial Group PaineWebber , Inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 Fax : 713-654-1281 Cell : 281-435-0295	7	Singular
Messages will not be delivered simultaneously to all users in the same domain , nor will they be delivered for two to five hours after they are sent by the message administrator .	31	Singular
Never train out of fear .	4	Singular
Would n't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves , or to talk their sons into doing it , if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor ?	25	Singular
I live 10 minutes from Cycle City , but I Drove 50 mile south to Peachstate Powersports in LaGrange , dealt with the owner , Levi , and was well taken care of .	31	Singular
" We do not believe the suspect has ties to this school , or to the two girls , or specifically to the Abbotsford area , " she said .	24	Singular
The United States truly no longer has time for faulty analysis or politically - based preconceptions .	1	Singular
Finally , we must make it easy for people to report suspected breaches and malicious emails .	12	Plural
Everything about the place is magical and the people are mostly friendly .	4	Singular
It is really an entertainment for the kids .	4	Singular
I read you were coming back , there was an article in the paper , my wife Margot sent it to me in Switzerland , so I thought it was you .	8	Singular
" Calculation of Floating Amount : The Floating Amount payable by [ ENA ] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows :	26	Singular
His explosive temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of Fallujah last spring , killing 600 Iraqis , most of them women and children , in revenge for the deaths of 4 civilian mercenaries , one of them a South African .	25	Singular
One thing is certain for sure .	2	Singular
Groups : alt.animals.rights.promotion , alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.lion , alt.animals.tiger , alt.animals.felines.diseases , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.horses.breeding , alt.animals.felines.snowleopards	20	Singular
“ We ’ve requested other nations to help us populate the zoo with different species of animals , including a pig , ” Saqib said .	1	Plural
Two Australians , who by their own admission are terrible golfers , bluffed their way into a premier golf tournament in North Korea .	10	Plural
Indeed , the implementation of certain policies is rooted in the assumption that discrimination and biases are , at least to some appreciable amount , present in modern society .	6	Plural
Otherwise , you can do what you can do in other parts or Japan , like shopping , eating , etc .	16	Singular
Another senior Al Qaeda member ( a shura or policy - making council member no less ) was working for the Egyptian intelligence services and he confirmed the report in a sworn lengthy confession .	13	Singular
A national of each new Member State shall be appointed to the Court of Auditors as from the date of accession for a term of office of six years .	3	Singular
He had wanted to take in the details of what he was seeing , but the task was somehow beyond him at that moment .	0	Singular
This place is great !	1	Singular
Image : Nick Moreau .	2	Singular
Hilary E. Ackermann Goldman Sachs Credit Risk Management & Advisory Phone : 212-902-3724 Fax : 212-428-1181 E-Mail : hilary.ackermann@gs.com	10	Singular
Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .	16	Singular
They sit by the gates asking alms , then whine avoidance of them &amp; horror .	6	Plural
You can randomly select items from a row or column field and group them into higher-level groups .	16	Plural
A Sri Lanka - born Tamil with a Norwegian passport was arrested by Thai authorities in 2000 for his links with the LTTE .	22	Singular
On the shores of the Mediterranean , it is hard to imagine that in Lapland temperatures can fall considerably lower than that .	8	Singular
Removing 90 % of ' sit - abouts ' in main room would look cleaner .	11	Singular
You can make other noises if you prefer , such as a bird cawing or an explosion sound every time a button is pushed .	12	Singular
This weekend I 'm off to Sao Paulo and Buenos Aires on business .	0	Singular
If you already have a Facebook account , you can log in to your account from the same page .	6	Singular
Once upon a time ( in 2001 , to be specific ) , the Coca - Cola corporation built a bottling plant in a small and remote Indian village in the state of Kerala .	14	Singular
2005 will be a year of ups and downs , and only the flexible will be able to keep from going crazy !	8	Plural
83 - Number of times Bush mentioned Saddam , Iraq , or regime ( as in change ) in his three State of the Union addresses .	4	Plural
His more unusual accolades include global ambassador for New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation , and a place at Harvard Business School .	20	Singular
Add onions , peppers , mushrooms , or any other type of desired vegetable or herb into the saucepan ( optional ) .	1	Plural
Winter defied his own board and Gov. Gray Davis when he filed a 50 - page request to remove the caps , records and interviews show .	4	Singular
Bloom Legal was really attentive to my problem , and Seth Bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue I was dealing with .	11	Singular
Just remember that death is not the end - Bob Dylan	3	Singular
But there are strong hints in the country that a new Indo - Sri Lanka defense deal could be in the making .	15	Singular
In Microsoft Access , you can use a connection file to bind one or more data access pages to a data source .	16	Singular
Do you really want to put your faith in some clinic doctor .	11	Singular
John and his dog , Mississippi , went there every day .	3	Singular
In any event , my presentation should give you a starting point .	10	Singular
Paris was born in Switzerland but her parents moved her to the United Kingdom when she was six so they could be closer to the church 's headquarters .	19	Plural
My previous apprehension has been dismissed and I no longer have a sinking feeling when my next appointment is due !	15	Singular
These measures shall be taken during a period of three years following the date of accession and their application shall be limited to that period .	24	Singular
Do n't be nosy or gossipy , but if they are happy with someone one day and hateful with them the next , that 's a sign of them having a lot of fair weather friends .	19	Plural
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page , we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers .	0	Plural
This is , perhaps , not the best example of the technique , though it is the most well-known .	1	Singular
Mercedes and Dan are very thorough and on top of everything !	0	Singular
The first ( n = 31 ) participated in the intervention , the control group ( n = 40 ) was only evaluated using the test before and after the same time interval of interventions .	25	Singular
your dress should be unambiguously modest and cover your entire torso and most of your limbs .	10	Singular
And - most influential of all - Victor Cousin 's courses on philosophy encouraged his students to think independently .	15	Plural
07/30/2001 05:17 PM	2	Singular
If you want to make other languages , you can use this language as a model and change some letters or sounds to create a different language .	15	Singular
There was a click again and the rustle , and I could not think of what it could be .	3	Singular
If it 's inherently negative , then they 're either over-zealous , ignorant of other people or what to avoid those that contradict their fantasy land that caters to them and them only .	2	Singular
I came in 30 min before close and the staff was super helpful .	9	Singular
Norton has been immortalized as the basis of characters in the literature of writers Mark Twain , Robert Louis Stevenson , Christopher Moore , Morris and Goscinny , Selma Lagerlöf , and Neil Gaiman .	0	Singular
Water Off a Black Dog ’s Back	0	Singular
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com << File : ' http://go.msn.com/bql/hmtag_itl_EN.asp ' >>	10	Singular
You can see that just by looking at the current discussions in the Council .	10	Plural
I am in the office so give me a call .	4	Singular
The food continues to be very good -- deli sandwiches , homemade soups , fresh salads .	1	Singular
The Plains of Arafat on the day of Hajj	6	Singular
Rona developed an enhanced method of preparing polonium sources and producing alpha - emissions .	8	Plural
The result indicates significant improvement in the performance of the sustained attention in the test , as well as a high dispersion , which reveals a variation in relation to the performance .	26	Singular
In fact , you were helping them solve their problem . ”	8	Plural
They were accomdating with my scheduled and work with my insurance to get payment for the surgery .	9	Singular
It was the fault of the parts supplier , and can we imagine how he felt having to put another 2 hours of work in the car .	11	Plural
If anyone has any questions on the above please let me know .	2	Singular
She was eventually sent to Rehabilitation Project Force in Sydney , which the Church describes as a religious retreat , but critics charge is a forced work camp .	26	Singular
In flight , if the door of your plane comes open you are sucked into space .	1	Singular
Mr President , it is incumbent upon me to remind my colleague , Mr Evans , of why Wales actually achieved Objective 1 status .	4	Singular
Secondly , he will still out price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. Paul Thomas , Jason Choate , Todd DeCook and Peter Makkai .	25	Singular
At 18 years , your cat has had a long life .	2	Plural
She waggled her fingers , sticky from the marshmallow , and her husband took his handkerchief from his pocket and gave it to her .	18	Singular
Let me know if you think this is reasonable and workable .	7	Singular
King Salaman replaced the political veteran with the head of financial oversight , Mohammed al - Jadaan .	11	Singular
That band is involved in a local competition which promises a $ 5000 first prize , which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started .	30	Singular
He responded by purchasing a classified advertisement in the Gazette De France , hoping that his anonymous critic would find it .	20	Singular
Loop , North Side , South Side , near suburbs , far suburbs ?	5	Singular
They wo n't have a second chance from me .	8	Singular
Wikinews interviews President of the International Brotherhood of Magicians	5	Singular
If you want an attorney who will defend your right , contact Law Offices of Armando Villega	13	Plural
I 'm a soccer mom so I was n't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear .	19	Singular
I did n't feel guilty about the garage sale , that 's why I was annoyed - being notified at 10:00 at night GRRRRRRR .	11	Singular
The other is a new fuel tank " guaranteed " by NASA not to shed potentially fatal hunks of insulation .	11	Singular
In 1882 , a telegraphic system equipped with 34 fire alarm signals was put in operation .	10	Singular
( ps. I 'm assuming you 'll stop off in Wellington , and since it s summer , may I recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos ?	24	Plural
A girl would show up , then a guy in a nice car would show up .	1	Singular
We have received intelligence that a Hover Charm was used at your place of residence this evening at twelve minutes past nine .	12	Singular
If you remove a field and later add the field back to the layout , the same items are again hidden .	17	Plural
If democracy is just free elections , it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected , the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory .	22	Singular
After going through 5 other places I finally found Janice at Alta Moda .	11	Singular
Barbara , please organize a call for Mike , Michelle , Mark Stubley and me .	9	Singular
Thanks in advance for the advice .	5	Singular
8 . Where is the defined term Govt Authority used ?	7	Singular
Ice cold beer and good prices .	2	Singular
There is an e-mail by Moussaoui , however , dated July 31 , 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to 6 months .	21	Singular
It 's tough to make money branching out when your appeal is in your focus .	5	Singular
Gout in the spine , neck , hands and waist will be lost .	0	Singular
The two institutes were later joined by the Leiden University Libraries .	2	Plural
The hymn was well received and the audience demanded an encore .	10	Singular
As you sit above the world , the warmth of the golden sun penetrates your body and makes you feel warmer and warmer .	8	Singular
They are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters , planners , commanders , preachers , all of whom make a living , usually a very comfortable living , by serving as terror infrastructure .	16	Plural
I am very concerned about this issue .	0	Singular
As I watched my mother and father 's health deteriorate and ultimately watched them die , it is a very defining time in our lives .	6	Singular
In this case , following the talent leads me to think that Google will be making an announcement this year that formalizes the Google - Mozilla / Firefox relationship .	28	Singular
Mrs. Tolchin provided us with excellent service and came with a great deal of knowledge and professionalism !	6	Singular
They shall communicate those measures to the Commission by the date of accession or , where later , by the time limit provided for in this Protocol .	25	Singular
The equipment and classes are n't good enough to deal with the rudeness from the staff !!!	15	Singular
Michael Gapinski Account Vice President Emery Financial Group PaineWebber , Inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 Fax : 713-654-1281 Cell : 281-435-0295	17	Singular
China was defeated , and in 1842 agreed to the provisions of the Treaty of Nanking .	10	Plural
1575 After the Plague of Cremona , all games except chess were banned .	10	Singular
The hope was that anyone looking for the Aunt would see the family post and know that help was available .	8	Singular
The best company in Phuket for creating website and e-commerce website .	2	Singular
Freeze dried food is not a good staple food source ; you need to offer live feeder insects .	3	Singular
When Bush proposed the missile defense systems in Eastern Europe , Poland and Czechoslovakia , it was a real provocation to the Soviet Union .	15	Singular
As soon as the trays are removed , the Hasidim block the aisles with their Minchah service , rocking themselves and stretching their necks upward .	9	Plural
So they were going to charge him for new peddles and proceeded to put them on without even telling him the price .	9	Plural
13 - Number of vacation days the average American receives each Year .	4	Singular
Wait until the fourth or fifth day of the festival when the crowds will have dwindled .	9	Singular
That is why we support the Agriculture Committee 's call for a framework regulation .	3	Plural
Such a formal orientation that typifies this type of structural equivalence is called a " gloss translation " in which the translator aims at reproducing as literally and meaningfully as possible the form and content of the original .	37	Singular
There is an old saying that applies in this situation : " Act in haste , repent at leisure . "	9	Singular
In addition they will be contacting you to discuss their participation in projects outside their rotation .	1	Singular
He has also had to pay the £ 15 each up front so woul d be grateful if you could get the cash to him as soon as poss ible .	22	Singular
Carnival and Royal Caribbean are two popular cruise lines that have strong followings .	7	Singular
He really knows what he is talking about and will approach the different options fairly .	5	Singular
Using molecular genetic - engineering techniques , the British company Oxitec has created a new way to control the mosquito species that transmits dengue fever .	13	Singular
Ok maybe that is n't the right question , but my question is can you text from a united states number when you r in canada , can you send texts to another united states number ?	34	Singular
If you select controls of different types , Microsoft Access displays only the properties that are shared by the group in the property sheet .	13	Plural
Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto - Leite or me with any questions or comments .	7	Singular
We have attended A Ward Dance Centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we are taught Ballroom and Latin as well as the fun filled social dance evening held every Saturday evening ....	22	Singular
In the preface to La Comédie Humaine he wrote :	2	Singular
The world – and by extension the UK – is facing a shortage of people with the skills needed to mount an effective defence .	23	Singular
I hav n't heard of it .	5	Singular
That is why leaders and policymakers from across the continent have declared 2014 Africa 's Year of Agriculture and Food Security .	1	Singular
I love her and want to help her but I do n't know when I 'll be able to take her to to vet :( please help .	0	Singular
Vijay K. Suchdev Vice President Equity Derivatives First Union Securities , Inc. Telephone : ( 212 ) 909-0951 Facsimile : ( 212 ) 891-5042 email : vijay.suchdev@funb.com < mailto:vijay.suchdev@funb.com >	24	Singular
Three weeks ago , burglars tried to gain entry into the rear of my home .	11	Singular
The flavor of icing or frosting can be improved by adding a little of your favorite juice to it instead of soy milk or water .	22	Singular
The king did not take special precautions during his escape and was recognized multiple times during his stays .	11	Singular
I will be in Sao Paulo on Monday , September 20 , 1999 .	4	Singular
The one time I actually booked through a travel agent I did not get all of the amenities I had paid for .	17	Plural
Balzac revised obsessively , covering printer 's proofs with changes and additions to be reset .	11	Plural
if you do n't mind being robbed , cheated or lied to then this is the company for you .	13	Singular
As for us in Parliament , I would like to remind you of the code of conduct between the Commission and Parliament which was signed in May .	21	Singular
3 ) also want an island where I can do fun activities , rainforest is a must	7	Singular
Wires sometimes get crossed . A person tries to call a number , and even though he dials correctly , he gets someone else .	16	Singular
I am now modelling the Queensland electricity spot price using Geometric Brownian Mean Reverting Jump Diffusion Model and have followed your paper " Making the most of mean reversion " to estimate the mean reversion speed .	7	Singular
Based on questionnaires to organisers and participants , as well as discussions with stake holders , he reached the following main conclusions [ 6 ] :	11	Plural
Sure , some will return , but I have a feeling that once many begin to get jobs and temporary housing , they may be shy about returning .	22	Plural
It ’s easy to annoy people when you are cramped in such a small , tight space .	0	Singular
I add that in because there have been some people who have tried to claim citizenship by sending for their birth certificate when they were never really born in Canada or to Canadian parents .	33	Plural
Making Skittles vodka is a fun way to add a splash of fruity flavor and color to regular vodka .	13	Singular
Due to that , the religion was relatively secretive .	6	Singular
While this is most apparent in the area of your career , you 'll see it showing up in other important aspects of your life .	7	Singular
The request was advanced by the Municipality of Livorno in 2010 .	2	Singular
Jeffrey Synder , Ryan Hinze , Sheetal Patel , Johnathan Anderson	7	Singular
I assume his actual reason is that he 's worried that Berkshire Hathaway just ca n't grow quickly enough to justify his usual charity policy .	8	Singular
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	2	Singular
Have both of the teams turn around and have the referee throw it into the grass or pitch while the teams are n't looking .	17	Singular
You may support or oppose the Iraq war , but to refer to fans of Saddam , Arafat or Bin Laden as peace activists is a bit too much .	13	Plural
I have wifi at my house , but that s just at my house ... is there any way i can buy some card to make the ipod itself have wifi ?	2	Singular
After the plagues of 1592 – 3 , Shakespeare 's plays were performed by his own company at The Theatre and the Curtain in Shoreditch , north of the Thames .	10	Plural
Its struggle against the Ottoman Empire in the Mediterranean Sea put serious limits on the military power it could deploy against the rebels in the Netherlands .	5	Singular
... Nope and I am proud of it ... because my teacher have nt taught us that yet ...	11	Singular
Got the crab rangoon which was great , tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp satay which was also good .	5	Singular
Shakespeare 's mother , Mary Arden , certainly came from a pious Catholic family .	10	Singular
11/14/2000 11:37 AM	2	Singular
Is there any cure for mouse poison ?	5	Singular
Isfahan International Airport or Isfahan Shahid Beheshti ( IATA : IFN ) was a military air base before the revolution .	16	Singular
jay is it necessary to varnish my oil paintings or just leave them be ?	12	Plural
Kids fun games and video shows are added to the other facilities .	4	Singular
Mr Tamino 's proposals are therefore greatly disproportionate .	0	Singular
Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41 .	4	Singular
Cleveland is a culturally diverse city on the shores of Lake Erie , one of the Great Lakes , in Cuyahoga County , Ohio , USA .	10	Singular
Today , expansive ruins can be viewed there .	0	Singular
It is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in Afghanistan .	8	Singular
However since the elections Iranian influence has proved critical in convincing the Hazara Shia candidate Mohammed Mohaqeq to accept the results of the elections and later convincing Qanooni to do the same .	27	Singular
There has therefore been enough time for the Commission to prepare its programme and for us to become familiar with it and explain it to our citizens .	20	Singular
To save money Robert McNamara ordered that the ammunition for the new M - 16s being sent to SEA in the early 60s use an older ( dirtier ) type of gunpowder meant for use with the M - 14 .	12	Singular
It 's a yoyo , he answered , opening his hand to show him .	9	Singular
Women usually have more childcare and household responsibilities than men , which make it difficult for them to devote as much time to farm work , or even to supervise hired labor .	24	Singular
As a result , Tulsa breaks the Oklahoma stereotype of being nothing but a flat , arid dust bowl .	7	Singular
In spring 1948 , in hopes of adapting Tintin for the cinema , the Belgian artist wrote a letter to Walt Disney , asking in vain for his support .	11	Singular
In 1998 they were joined by Egyptians from the al - Jihad al - Islami group of Ayman al - Zawahiri ( many of these were from Upper Egypt , especially Asyut and environs ) .	28	Singular
The team was n't so far ahead that we knew .	1	Singular
The South retaliated by firing dozens of rounds of artillery into the north .	12	Singular
Do you know the online streaming link for Red FM 93.5 delhi ?	11	Singular
It seems that the Palestinian leadership ( upcoming ) will not be a peace partner with Israel .	14	Singular
Traffic congestion on the main arterial roads serving the city ( especially the A19 on Bootham and the Inner Ring Road ) can get very bad , especially during the rush hours and on Saturday mornings .	20	Singular
No need to thank me , just send me gifts .	4	Singular
he will reassure himself that no other animal is in there , and that no other animal will come in - he is afraid that he is in someone else 's territory when he is in a new house .	33	Singular
Dinner and dancing in Chicago ?	2	Singular
Noam Chomsky is a professor emeritus at Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Linguistics and Philosophy .	12	Singular
$ 1 m - Estimated value of a painting the Bush Presidential Library in College Station , Texas , received from Prince Bandar , Saudi Arabia 's ambassador to the United States and Bush family friend .	34	Singular
We expect that the particles will be of order a micron in size .	12	Singular
While I left a you a phone message with some information about our project , I thought I could give you some additional details by e-mail as well ...	10	Singular
" It marks the first time in recent years that China has promised to wield its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition initiated by the United States and backed by France and Great Britain . "	20	Singular
Well , never mind .	3	Singular
A filter field is similar to a page field in a Microsoft Excel PivotTable report .	12	Singular
Moving fields to the filter area	1	Plural
I have since purchased two cars from this dealership , The first one was from Phillip and the second was from Richard .	7	Singular
A national of each new Member State shall be appointed to the Commission as from the date of accession .	5	Singular
On call , it takes a day to get our issues resolved .	1	Singular
The salatim salads are the smallest plates I 've ever seen placed in front of me ( you would most likely think they were condiments if it were n't explained to you ) .	24	Plural
Wikinews interviews Mario J. Lucero and Isabel Ruiz of Heaven Sent Gaming	3	Singular
My sister in law told me about this amazing new crepe place in town , I was so excited I just wanted to go and test it out for my self !	10	Singular
I have settled the Ecogas / Enron / Randy Maffett lawsuit .	10	Singular
This means we wo n't be in town for the Compaq thing .	0	Singular
We accecpt : Visa , MasterCard , Amex , Dinner s Club / Carte Blanche , & Personal Checks / Money Orders .	11	Singular
Quinoa is known as the little rice of Peru .	0	Singular
Winter , who in his position as president and chief operating officer of the ISO , submitted a 50 - page emergency request , asking federal officials to abolish the $ 250 price cap .	32	Singular
Please give me lots of links and places to look !	5	Plural
It was one of the worst World Cups we 've played actually .	6	Singular
It just gives you a little leverage and curb pressure .	9	Singular
It is my understanding that some rock will be removed and replaced with siding .	0	Singular
The smell of Virginia Stillman 's perfume hovered around him , and he began to imagine what she looked like without any clothes on .	4	Singular
Imperial Hubris makes the case that lots of people in the CIA and counter-terrorism divisions elsewhere in the US government knew all about Bin Laden and the threat he posed .	8	Plural
Coron is both the name of the largest town on the island of Busuanga , and the name of a different , smaller island just offshore .	0	Singular
Periods of rapid growth in lending are often associated with construction booms , partly because real - estate assets are relatively easy to post as collateral for loans .	19	Plural
Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources i ve been looking at ?	5	Plural
Substantive checks back to source contract documentation for the forward priced and unpriced positions report ( spot checking the key position report signed off by the traders )	26	Plural
Wikinews interviews Israeli mathematician and writer Aner Shalev	7	Singular
A nearly infinite reserve of energy propels the characters in Balzac 's novels .	12	Plural
Marx 's work Das Kapital also makes constant reference to the works of Balzac and urged Engels to read Balzac 's work The Unknown Masterpiece .	8	Singular
By the end of 2005 you 'll have a whole new start with regard to your career and your earning potential - and a possible new partnership to top it off !	29	Singular
" Pair prank their way into North Korean golf tournament , " read Brisbane 's Nine News .	6	Singular
" However , the full fuselage trainer , that every astronaut including [ former Museum of Flight CEO ] Bonnie Dunbar has been trained on , will soon call the Museum of Flight home .	19	Singular
This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave because other people were waiting .	5	Singular
IMPLICATION -- It seems prudent for Enron to understand better its risks of getting fingered .	0	Singular
A very good friend of mine highly recommended the Professional Driving School and I was told to specifically ask for Gerry .	13	Singular
The Al - Bu Nimr in Ramadi and Al - Qaim rose in arms against Saddam in the mid-nineties following the execution of Thamir Madhlum Al - Dulaymi , an Air Force general belonging to their tribe .	10	Singular
Jeffrey Synder , Ryan Hinze , Sheetal Patel , Johnathan Anderson	1	Singular
Harry tried to argue back but his words were drowned by a long , loud belch from the Dursleys son , Dudley .	7	Plural
I would do the tupperwear idea TBH - easiest and most humane .	0	Singular
The real Lockhart was wearing robes of forget-me-not blue which exactly matched his eyes ; his pointed wizard 's hat was set at a jaunty angle on his wavy hair .	5	Plural
Al - Lihaibi was running in elections and is now said to have withdrawn following this incident .	6	Plural
“ Superheroes are outside of human experience and so is this , so I treated it like a drama , ” Zimmer says .	9	Singular
What s your favorite part about trail riding ?	4	Singular
Hackney 's has a great burger formula that started about 80 years ago .	2	Singular
The limestone plateau and the Hagghier Mountains are the richest areas for endemic plant species , but endemics are found throughout the island in every type of vegetation .	13	Singular
The car was approaching , was carrying him through the market quarter of the town .	10	Singular
This is possible because we release all of our software under the Open Source GPL license and release our content under a Creative Commons license .	15	Singular
Hopefully , if we 're still dating come December , you and Chuck can meet him when you come back to visit .	8	Singular
The municipality has turned the Gai-Hinnom into a park .	1	Singular
After one month 's full - bore effort , I 'm pleased with the results ( e.g. , we forecast Nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned out $ 46 ) .	14	Plural
This transmittal and / or attachments may be a confidential attorney - client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential .	12	Singular
Her mother had spoken out against Scientology on French television after her ex-husband and Paris 's father , Albert Jaquier , committed suicide after he lost his fortune to Scientology .	14	Singular
You need a background in law enforcement .	5	Singular
the strange shyness of twenty-two years of marriage made it impossible for her to say : Do you want to go ?	12	Singular
actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	15	Singular
" My first thought was to push it away , " he said .	3	Singular
Then we assign a headline to a specific writer to execute .	8	Singular
As a result , Malthus 's concerns about mass starvation have failed to materialize in any peaceful capitalist economy .	9	Singular
The previous general legislative election in Hong Kong was before the 2014 protests .	4	Singular
i tried to say i was n't that drunk but z was n't having any of that conversation .	4	Singular
Therefore I could not estimate the mean reversion rate as the estimated slope has the positive sign .	1	Singular
The appropriations shall be authorised by the budgetary authority within the limits of the financial perspective .	11	Plural
We have received intelligence that a Hover Charm was used at your place of residence this evening at twelve minutes past nine .	14	Singular
A strategy that might prove helpful is to consider how fortunate you are that life has been good to you so far .	15	Singular
Wilkins explained Warhol 's obsession with celebrities began when he first collected head shots as a kid and continued as a passion throughout his life .	21	Singular
As such , the Game of Thrones storyworld represents a remarkably rich and challenging environment for fans old and new , who must negotiate an increasingly complex network of paratexts and intertexts in order to fully engage with its narratives .	7	Singular
Marie Galante : the biggest island out of mainland Guadeloupe .	5	Singular
~ It took over 40 mins to be taken to our table , once there it took another 20 mins to get our orders and a further 45 mins till our starters landed on our table .	11	Singular
In any case , since the book is supposed to be real , it follows that the story has to be written by an eyewitness to the events that take place in it .	17	Singular
XSLT is an XML-based language that allows one XML document to be mapped , or transformed , into another XML document .	20	Singular
Should communism sweep Italy , would the Pope move to Jerusalem ?	7	Singular
Simon Krätschmer gropes around alone through the dilapidated , sinister barrack .	0	Singular
I think this office has some serious billing practice issues !	9	Plural
5 ) W. Brumbley 4632 Hilton Ave Suite # 31 Columbus , Ohio 43228	12	Singular
Water is the main killer in these storms .	4	Singular
But let s hope for their sake ( and the sake of all space lovers out there ) that they can redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again .	29	Singular
Ballet is less about learning the moves and more about perfecting them .	0	Singular
Take her to the vet .	1	Singular
What matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving Spain out of Iraq .	14	Plural
I came from Israel five years ago to be married in New Jersey .	12	Singular
On September 29 , Scientology officials went to the East Los Angeles sheriff 's station where they claimed Montalvo allegedly left the organization with computer hard drives .	14	Singular
It 's fantastic that they got the Paris Agreement but their contributions at the moment are nowhere near the 1.5 - degree target .	7	Singular
The horse is not in pain .	5	Singular
The straps on adults ’ overalls often get so twisted during the wash that one wishes she had just used an old fashioned washboard instead .	3	Plural
Until I was thirteen , I thought my name was shut up .	2	Singular
The connection , however , lies in an order issued last year by President Hu Jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped by America in case of conflict over Taiwan .	31	Singular
He and Ron went down to breakfast to find Mr and Mrs Weasley and Ginny already sitting at the kitchen table .	14	Singular
This company is way too expensive with nothing to show for it .	7	Singular
Must say , in Delhi it 's hard to get good price / quality rating .	4	Singular
I ca n't give out a password yet but would be happy to walk through the site with you over the phone using my password .	24	Singular
But why would Sancho and the others go to all that trouble ?	10	Singular
Game 12 : Saturday , July 28 @ 12:30 PM vs. New York LIBERTY	11	Singular
She has the most extraordinary contacts , that girl .	5	Plural
Alternates : Heather Johnson , Usman Shaukat , Gerard Benitez , Matthew Almy , Travis Hanson	15	Singular
At each station , a red - capped guard presides over the platform and a wheel - tapper walks along the train with a hammer , gently knocking the undercarriage .	18	Singular
As he walked , Stillman did not look up .	4	Singular
Sam , please confirm , Global Counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems .	6	Singular
You might notice some differences in your PivotTable view after you export it to Excel .	7	Singular
But there are strong hints in the country that a new Indo - Sri Lanka defense deal could be in the making .	16	Singular
I also have a dating advice blog / site .	4	Singular
Slowly , Dobby shook his head .	2	Singular
I occasionally wonder whether that is why the world is so uncomfortable with them .	8	Singular
After execution , we will forward a final copy to you for your files .	3	Plural
There are also many nail salons , frozen yogurt shops , coffee shops and gas stations .	15	Plural
Explanations of the origin of music depend on how music is defined .	0	Plural
That demand also led to the production of several fake portraits , as well as mis - attributions , repaintings and relabelling of portraits of other people .	6	Singular
Republican economists caution against taking this data as proof that their party is lousy at economic policy .	5	Singular
Therefore , we will have to see how the requirements guaranteeing the maximum degree of safety can be further improved .	13	Singular
There is an e-mail by Moussaoui , however , dated July 31 , 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to 6 months .	31	Plural
This campaign season , there have been questions about whether George W. Bush fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s .	23	Singular
It was then that he had taken on the name of William Wilson .	11	Singular
nasa funding	0	Singular
Mr Cox , Mr Hänsch , would this be acceptable to you ?	0	Singular
Jeffrey Synder , Ryan Hinze , Sheetal Patel , Johnathan Anderson	6	Singular
The staff will not even answer the phone for take out .	9	Singular
Four guys around a large square open hibachi cook your food , and when it 's finished a server brings it to your table .	7	Singular
You have heard , of course , that the Ministry is conducting more raids , said Mr Malfoy , taking a roll of parchment from his inside pocket and unravelling it for Mr Borgin to read .	21	Singular
$ 0 - Amount Bush allocated for port security in 2003 .	7	Singular
What was it to the Dursleys if Harry went back to school without any of his homework done ?	5	Plural
I would like to think that , given his previous experience as a regional President , he will agree to propose indicators , and a strategy , which will favour economic and social cohesion and not just productivity .	25	Singular
Elements do not overlap .	0	Plural
In a Hadith the Messenger of Allah explains that the souls of the martyrs are in the hearts of green birds that fly wherever they please in the Paradise .	28	Singular
Some times , the airline provides these at the airport , however check first that this is the case .	5	Singular
Was wondering if anyone knew a rough estimate of how much it costs with travel and training	0	Singular
The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mother s father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that 's a common misconception ( http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm ) .	8	Singular
Whatever the rules were , the fights often resulted in the death of one of the stallions .	16	Plural
She joined the Sea Org aged 14 .	3	Singular
I need 2 things from you .	3	Plural
and I said , YES , CENTER CITY PHILLY , and he says , NO , Warwick is a township , If you 're at a Radison in Warwick that s too far , try dominos in Pottstown .	37	Singular
All offices also have free copies of Yucatan Today , a helpful weekly Spanish-English publication listing all events in the city and the surrounding region .	17	Plural
I packed six loaves of flatbread , some olives , a hard cheese , one nice dress , walking clothes , my pills and glasses , a jug of wine , a can-teen of water , and a kitchen knife .	29	Singular
Ordinarily , George would come in around noon ; he would ordinarily leave around 5:30 or 6:00 in the evening .	7	Singular
I know I need some of your organizational skills .	2	Singular
It can ward off and cure a number of diseases , keeps the body youthful and enables an easy delivery in childbirth .	9	Plural
It 's always a bang - your - head - against - the - wall moment , reading again the play the incompetence theory receives , even from some of the Administration 's harshest mainstream critics .	20	Singular
The Mission was basically latin - american .	2	Singular
They accumulate into the top of it .	4	Singular
The Hatfill theory -- to include ongoing interviews and ongoing 7 / 24 surveillance by 8 surveillance specialists -- is now the subject of pending civil rights and libel claims of uncertain merit .	1	Singular
Norton has been immortalized as the basis of characters in the literature of writers Mark Twain , Robert Louis Stevenson , Christopher Moore , Morris and Goscinny , Selma Lagerlöf , and Neil Gaiman .	32	Singular
Circumstances have changed in some respects , while in others they have remained the same .	5	Plural
His last major tragedies , Antony and Cleopatra and Coriolanus , contain some of Shakespeare 's finest poetry and were considered his most successful tragedies by the poet and critic T. S. Eliot .	11	Plural
He co-founded the left-liberal al-Ahali group in 1932 , a significant political organisation in the 1930s and 1940s .	5	Singular
Ozone is something that we understand the causes of , and the steps that need to be taken to improve air quality . "	0	Singular
The 22 member countries of the Arab league , from Mauritania to the Gulf States , have a total population of 300 millions , larger than the US and almost as large as the EU before its expansion .	37	Singular
Evelyn Odara spoke to her husband as no local woman would dare ; yet he ignored it , as if turning the tables on her with his countrymen 's assumption that what women said was not heard , anyway .	27	Plural
" I need to pay for a damaged book , " she said .	11	Singular
" We are seeing many , many countries and especially large new emitters like Brazil , South Africa , India and China stepping up to the plate in terms of playing a role in reducing emissions , " said Guilbeault .	1	Plural
Indeed , Sistani 's agents all over the country have been quite active in educating Iraqi Shia on the merits of elections , which has led to the assassination of at least two of them .	21	Plural
~ It took over 40 mins to be taken to our table , once there it took another 20 mins to get our orders and a further 45 mins till our starters landed on our table .	5	Plural
I have been here 3 to 4 times and every time food they served seems warmed up not cooked after you order it .	0	Singular
Traveler s guide - For the young and unknowledgeable ?	2	Singular
North Korea puts military in ' quasi-state of war '	3	Singular
But let s hope for their sake ( and the sake of all space lovers out there ) that they can redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again .	2	Plural
They offer sales that are n't really sales , mislabeled items that make the item sound like a good deal when it is n't , a bad attitude about return items , and on and on .	19	Singular
According to a genetic study on autosomal data on Roma the source of Southasian Ancestry in Roma is North - West India .	9	Singular
As such , please provide the following detail :	7	Singular
2 ) PG&E - Swap with Enron Europe Ltd. ( 3 in total )	7	Singular
However , the Web page designer must provide a location from which components can be downloaded , and must reference the site license in a license package file ( .lpk ) that is associated with one or more Web pages .	32	Singular
These states , as well as the Palestinian Authority , are the safe havens of the wholesale murder vendors .	17	Singular
My commitment to Rick Causey is that I will have that global report in production by the end of the year .	14	Singular
I tell all my customers they can try it , but do n't count on it .	3	Singular
Is this related to the problems he is having getting around ( circulatory ? ) ?	6	Singular
There 's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK .	1	Singular
i have tried EVERYTHING i can to get him to eat but he refuses .	3	Singular
It was small and leathery-looking , with a large , knobbly , bald head exactly like a potato .	17	Singular
The following morning , he paid a man to fit bars on Harry 's window .	12	Singular
The old doctor felt my pulse , evidently thinking of something else the while .	5	Singular
Excellent service , close to the morse red line stop .	6	Singular
On July 4-5 , again before the rescue , Le Monde had reported without comment wisecracks made by Amin in a speech at Port Louis .	24	Singular
Over the last half - century , South Korea has made considerable economic progress , with per capita income increasing from a mere $ 80 dollars in 1960 to more than $ 22,000 last year .	21	Singular
Catalano moved back to the area after living in London and then Glasgow , where he had studied jewellery design at Glasgow School of Art .	19	Singular
But then , to its more severe leftist critics , some of them Jews , Israel is not the " democratic exception " it is said to be .	24	Singular
At a time when the Spanish , Thai and other contingents are already committed to leaving , and the UN is reluctant to get involved ?	20	Singular
That being said , the laffa and hummus are out of this world .	11	Singular
Another alternative is to give Murphy barrels at their 95,000 bpd Meraux , Louisiana refinery in exchange for the new production barrels .	1	Singular
He supposed he had n't spoken clearly enough through his mouthful of ashes back in the Weasleys fire .	9	Singular
i ca n't wait	0	Singular
Game 12 : Saturday , July 28 @ 12:30 PM vs. New York LIBERTY	5	Singular
The exact purpose of these megaliths is still debated , but they may have constituted a Canaanite " high place " from the Middle Bronze Age , ca. 1600 B.C.E.	4	Plural
They do n’t carry futures .	0	Plural
Although Musharraf did turn against the Taliban after September 11 , under extreme duress from the US , elements of his military continued to support radical Islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on Musharraf himself .	1	Singular
Mississippi media earlier reported 54 people killed in the state .	5	Plural
Is there some specific concern that we can address ?	6	Plural
Our client is a small law firm that is looking for an individual to join their team handling toxic tort with some minor PI defense .	15	Plural
Our advertising revenue funds community meetups and has even allowed us to donate over $ 60,000 to charities such as the Wikimedia Foundation and Creative Commons .	22	Singular
Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis ( and assume everything will work out at month end ) ?	1	Singular
The unlikely mixture of warehouses and very expensive restaurants and posh atmosphere alongside some of the landmarks of the city 's waterfront makes the Square an interesting place to visit and explore , even for locals .	8	Plural
The Archbishop is , to use an old word , a portly man .	12	Singular
Fred climbed back into the car to pull with Ron , and Harry and George pushed from the bedroom side .	19	Singular
But , even for South Korea 's most highly educated and capable female workers , child rearing is a major career obstacle .	16	Singular
CLEMENT 's St. Methodius dies : April 6 , 884 Monday	0	Singular
Shuttle veteran and longtime NASA executive Fred Gregory is temporarily at the helm of the 18,000 - person agency .	12	Singular
Usually fill each paper cupcake holder with about 1/4 cup of batter .	3	Singular
We have been able to keep ENA 's direct group expenses flat year on year , we are trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well .	24	Singular
If these products are in short supply or of inferior quality , that will sound the death-knell for Europe .	16	Singular
I was n't interested in making either of these sacrifices , as I think the world 's how to manual needs to be high quality AND comprehensive .	20	Singular
I urge all St. Thomas the Apostle parishioners and all of South Florida residents to come see Gus !!!	4	Singular
Athens was just a small provincial village when it was chosen in the 1830s to serve as the national capital of the modern Greek State .	1	Singular
In the highly charged partisan atmosphere of Washington , DC , this is without question almost always an advantage .	17	Singular
The discovery of a number of ' bugs ' within the AS400 Merchanting code , arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality , which compounded the operational burden of supporting the OBSF .	7	Plural
I recently converted this test to an online test in order to norm it to a larger population and , subsequently , to make it available to any one who has access to a computer and the Internet .	0	Singular
Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 6 is one of the most successful software products ever as measured by its durability and the massive numbers of people who have used it .	18	Singular
Of course , he showed ethical lapses in judgment .	8	Singular
You do n't need flying broomsticks or magic balls to play this version of the game - it 's tailor-made for muggles like us .	8	Plural
After recently relocating to South Bend , we were looking for a delicious , fun , yet elegant establishment for New Year s Eve dinner .	4	Singular
They sell feed and milk bottles at the front and I recommend you buy lots .	10	Singular
Transmedia systems , like that exemplified by Game of Thrones , are becoming increasingly prevalent ( e.g. , Star Wars , Harry Potter , The Walking Dead , the Marvel Cinematic Universe , etc ) ;	18	Singular
But getting past who should get them , is who has them , and who is really close .	10	Singular
If his Democrat opponent were to be elected , he assured that she would be ' under investigation for years ' .	1	Singular
For example , you can group the values in the ShippedDate field into months to show data for orders shipped in January , orders shipped in February , and so on .	18	Plural
Erin Rice and I would like to meet with you to discuss the issues concerning BackWeb before we proceed .	1	Singular
They were called criminals , and the outraged law , like the bursting shells , had come to them , an insoluble mystery from over the sea .	8	Singular
And though he 'd been a faithful servant , he was not such a player that he could get away with that .	14	Singular
Twinkle Twinkle lazy star Kitna soyega uthja yaar , up above the world so high , sun has risen in the sky , uthke jaldi pee le chai , then call me up and say " HI "	31	Singular
Two years ago , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main Islamist alliance -- Maulana Fazlur Rahman -- visited India and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements .	20	Singular
Are whole offices ( eg Tokyo ) unreachable or is it only those who have home offices ?	5	Singular
Secondly , we can not support proposals for the split in funding or criteria in relation to the new Structural Fund regulation .	20	Singular
We had a lot of colonies containing a lot of ants , and wherever possible we conducted the experiment blind .	8	Singular
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines ( physical and financial ) for the London traders .	0	Singular
or are they just supposed to look like they are so nothing will try to eat them	16	Plural
We are in the final stages of this process - where we draft a cover letter for John which will introduce this for inclusion within Globalflash ( the Enron Europe newsletter )	8	Singular
As a shortcut , and for a bit of interesting background , add connotation to various letters , preferably vowels .	13	Singular
During his time in the Guard , George Bush flew the F - 102 Delta Dagger fighter - interceptor .	1	Singular
Subject : Civet Cats , James Rachels + a song	9	Singular
Its adoption was an act of economic hubris that has imposed costs well beyond Europe 's borders .	2	Singular
I did n't get a chance to talk to Paul today .	9	Singular
An indignant librarian , a middle-aged woman whose face is so hot it is almost fragrant with indignation , demands of me in a superdistinguished all but Oxonian accent , " How do you account for it ! "	17	Singular
Food Craving Gone and Weight Loss at Acupuncture Doctor	0	Singular
I do n't have much money so I bought Crayola Air - Dry Clay .	10	Singular
Phoenix is the capital of the state of Arizona as well as the most populous city in the American Southwest and sixth largest city in the United States .	23	Singular
I have no idea if that is related or farmers are doing a better job of clearing out opossums now because they know opossums are carriers , but we have n't had an EPM horse in at least 10 years .	3	Singular
Later traditions maintain that he also played Adam in As You Like It and the Chorus in Henry V , though scholars doubt the sources of the information .	15	Singular
The train pulled into the station , and Quinn felt the noise of it shoot through his body : a random , hectic din that seemed to join with his pulse , pumping his blood in raucous spurts .	11	Singular
Less bleak than the tragedies , these four plays are graver in tone than the comedies of the 1590 s , but they end with reconciliation and the forgiveness of potentially tragic errors .	25	Singular
You want to bring something back with you from your deep space experience where you sensed your mind merging with the universal Mind .	4	Singular
Mark at Tintman Nationwide tints Ltd , did a very Professional job very quick , no fuss , deliverd the car to me and I drove him back home , Great arrangement Great price !!	24	Singular
The president of the Community of Madrid , Cristina Cifuentes , represents the most conservative , while leaders of the party , such as the Sectorial Under - Secretary , Javier Maroto , represent the most progressive .	4	Singular
The MoI in Iraq is equivalent to the US FBI , so this would be like having J. Edgar Hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the Weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	30	Plural
Bobby is a member of a bicycle team , while cycling this weekend , he and other members of his team were injured by a truck .?	17	Plural
Al - Qaeda in Afghanistan was a group of only a few hundred " Afghan Arabs " who pledged personal loyalty to Usamah Bin Laden .	5	Singular
Daniel Montalvo in September 2010 , after having left the elite group within Scientology called the Sea Org .	16	Singular
Transfer the cupcakes to a wire cooling rack as quickly as possible when cool enough to handle .	6	Singular
The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume , which will be the Contractual Currency .	5	Singular
Twinkle Twinkle lazy star Kitna soyega uthja yaar , up above the world so high , sun has risen in the sky , uthke jaldi pee le chai , then call me up and say " HI "	12	Singular
August 13 , 2000	0	Singular
Even worse , the dark , narrow street Harry could see through the dusty shop window was definitely not Diagon Alley .	20	Singular
Gaining recognition as an expert in the field , she took those skills back to the Radium Institute along with a small disc of polonium .	9	Singular
The problem is that these factors are not amenable to isolated public - health interventions .	2	Singular
She maintained contact all round her as they danced , talking over his shoulder to this one , putting out a broad calloused brown foot in a gold sandal to nudge that one in the calf .	7	Plural
I am very artistic so I decided I was going to make her a giraffe sculpture .	14	Singular
and if he did n't , then Quinn was going nowhere , was wasting his time .	8	Singular
However if there is a high level of sodium chloride ( common salt ) that can break down the chorion ( shell ) around the egg and allow critters to get in and eat the yoke and embryo . )	19	Singular
Tina Anselmi was born on the 25th of March , 1927 in Castelfranco Veneto ; she grew up in an anti-fascist Catholic family , which was marked by the persecution of her militant socialist father .	6	Singular
The next meeting of the CAEM Board of Directors will be held on Wednesday , September 12 , at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington , DC .	22	Singular
or , as i saw on embarrassing pets on tv , get a clicker type thing and treats as well .	9	Singular
Jeff Skilling has agreed to work with Harvard Business School ( HBS ) on a 5 - year case study called ' Modern Giants ' .	0	Singular
Can you accept that the road we are travelling points toward a grim and painful future ?	9	Singular
Mike one of owners was awesome , he explained the detailed plan , and executed on time , I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .	30	Singular
Once we get the word from Lavo we 'll let you know .	4	Singular
he will reassure himself that no other animal is in there , and that no other animal will come in - he is afraid that he is in someone else 's territory when he is in a new house .	0	Singular
Let me know if you have any questions .	1	Singular
Imagine a hotel having problems with people .	4	Plural
It 's the water pumped into the tanks for ballast and then pumped out again that pollutes the seas , says John .	20	Singular
an annotated text of the bill , read the article by D. Singmaster in " The Mathematical Intelligencer " v 7 # 2 , pp 69 - 72 .	12	Singular
A slim little white girl slipped between them and took up Ras Asahe 's hand with the gold-metal watch-bracelet as if it were some possession she had put down ...	12	Singular
They also do banners , billboards and lots more .	7	Plural
Now it is time to take the next steps and achieve even greater progress in our public education system .	18	Singular
Louisiana 's Governor Blanco urged residents to spend Wednesday in prayer and assured them the crisis would eventually be overcome .	15	Singular
I say this remembering that Jacques Maritain once characterized European anti-Semitism of the twentieth century as an attempt to get rid of the moral burden of Christianity .	14	Singular
Harlan provides great service .	3	Singular
i have a 3 - 4 month old kitten and i live in forida .	8	Singular
The boss is a Hasid .	1	Singular
Claire Warwick c.l.h.warwick@durham.ac.uk Durham University , United Kingdom	6	Singular
I was thinking Kenneally 's at around 5 .	3	Singular
Besides works whose copyright has expired , there is an increasing number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses .	11	Singular
The report put forward today re-establishes its place in the political sphere .	6	Singular
While L'Enfant was in New York City , he was initiated into Freemasonry .	5	Singular
XSLT has many of the constructs ( structures and commands ) found in other programming languages which allow the developer to use variables , loops and iterations , and conditional statements .	1	Singular
After recently relocating to South Bend , we were looking for a delicious , fun , yet elegant establishment for New Year s Eve dinner .	18	Singular
Is there a future for our nation 's youth ?	8	Plural
We intend to see as many people as possible regarding EOL implementation .	10	Singular
" Inhibitory systems are essential for controlling the pattern of activity in the cortex , which has important implications for the mechanisms of cortical operation , according to a Yale School of Medicine study in Neuron ....	29	Singular
2 Category field Region filtered to show South and West region items	2	Singular
There is no escape from the collective ocean we all swim in .	7	Singular
Scholars find evidence both for and against Shakespeare 's Catholicism in his plays , but the truth may be impossible to prove either way .	1	Plural
Wonderful Experience	1	Singular
We were very happy how clean looked our windows .	7	Plural
Mr. ARCHIBALD : George certainly did n't seem to have any concerns about my taking over this work with the campaign workers there .	21	Plural
I took my 3 year old son here at the weekend and to be honest , apart from the shark walkway , I thought it was rubbish and overpriced .	2	Singular
Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .	0	Singular
Once , when he had been in the luncheonette , they had talked about baseball , and now , each time Quinn came in , they continued to talk about it .	8	Singular
Our government has negotiated a standby loan agreement with the International Monetary Fund that will give us some of the tools that we need to get our financial and economic house in order .	30	Singular
They have a great selection of wine from all over the world with all different prices .	15	Plural
Also known as shah square or imam square - 1602 ( Meidan Emam ) .	3	Singular
Voldemort might be a ruin of his former self , but he was still terrifying , still cunning , still determined to regain power .	12	Singular
The remodelling of some roads near bottleneck junctions to accommodate bicycle lanes has made traffic jams even worse still in recent years , and parking in the city centre is very expensive .	14	Singular
In other words , those Americans were there by their own choice , mired in a situation that was totally predictable .	16	Singular
We did n't know what we were going to land up doing , either .	5	Plural
His quest for objects did not abate amidst the greenery .	9	Singular
Media , Software , Fun and Games , Website design , Web Promotion , B2B , Business Promotion , Search Engine Optimization .	20	Singular
Actually , I think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just do n't be too mad if I have to cancel .	25	Singular
He could be killed years ago and the israelians have all the reasons , since he founded and he is the spiritual leader of Hamas , but they did n't .	19	Singular
Grafton 's government disintegrated in 1770 , allowing the Tories led by Lord North to return to power .	13	Singular
That 's not what we need in our country , folks .	0	Singular
I know you all are going to have so much fun with them .	0	Singular
a few things regading the POA / Cargill line ..	2	Plural
When the July Revolution overthrew Charles X in 1830 , Balzac declared himself a Legitimist , supporting Charles ' House of Bourbon - but with qualifications .	12	Singular
Little children are raised on deep hatred and on admiration of so - called martyrs , and the Western World does not notice it because its own TV sets are mostly tuned to soap operas and game shows .	34	Plural
However , he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron 's interests .	13	Plural
He ate a mouthful of the left-over granadilla pudding , and there was the smallest tremor , passing for a moment through his head .	7	Singular
In Iraqi society , PM Allawi is responsible for protecting his clan , including especially his first cousins , so this kidnapping makes him look weak and brings substantial shame on him .	6	Singular
At least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts William Patrick and Kenneth Alibek , under the optimal method , there is no electrostatic charge .	8	Singular
" You 're ashamed of me , " he guessed , and Rachel kissed him and smiled and did n't say anything .	12	Singular
Just wanted to confirm our meeting on Tuesday Aug 29th from 1:30 - 2:30 to discuss U of H 's endowment proposal .	21	Singular
The Pew researchers tried to transcend the economic argument .	2	Plural
With the help of debit card data , the Essen police are investigating four people who stood by and watched while a retiree died in a bank .	10	Plural
At the baggage carousel I see my youthful Hasid again and we take a final look at each other .	6	Singular
· Moving things with large muscles .	2	Plural
With these operating standards implemented worldwide , we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure Enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide .	2	Singular
They require a lot of attention or they get fussy and tear stuff up .	5	Singular
William Clough took a pecking sip at his martini . He said with gallant good humour , Reposting was child 's play compared with this .	5	Singular
Also notice the entity &amp;apos; which will be transformed to an apostrophe when the data is imported by the receiving application .	15	Singular
I ca n't tell you how ominous I found Bush 's performance in that interview .	0	Singular
Wish they could see famous Harry Potter now , he thought savagely , as he spread manure on the flower beds , his back aching , sweat running down his face .	20	Plural
Ford T was proclaimed as the most influential car of the 20th century in the international Car of the Century awards .	19	Singular
And before Harry could stop him , Dobby bounded off the bed , seized Harry 's desk lamp , and started beating himself around the head with ear-splitting yelps .	5	Singular
TIME : 8:00 PM Eastern Standard Time	3	Singular
These are the people who keep Jerry springer on the air .	7	Singular
Coron is in the province of Palawan , Philippines on Busuanga Island .	11	Singular
You deserve to have it yourself . Auster paused for a moment .	11	Singular
This drawing up was the founding act of Roman law , the institutions of the Roman Republic and the mos maiorum .	0	Singular
Al - Zaman : Guerrillas killed a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party after kidnapping him in Mosul .	10	Singular
Combine 50 milliliters of hydrogen peroxide and a liter of distilled water in a mixing bowl .	11	Singular
I 'll get you the announcement .	5	Singular
In practise it turns out that it is sometimes impossible to answer this question .	13	Singular
They will play on Saturday , 10 June .	4	Singular
That is in fact the point of departure we have chosen here and I am very glad all this has been properly understood .	18	Singular
Mayor Teddy Kollek , irrepressible organizer of wonderful events ( some of them too rich for my blood ) , takes us to dinner with one of the Armenian Archbishops in the Old City .	33	Singular
Also , I have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go ?	2	Singular
( News assistant Bobby Bender recalls the letter containing the items to have been addressed to The Sun . )	10	Plural
I found Bright Star Tours and Travels and Best and Affordable Tour Operators and Tours Agents in Chennai , India offered me Student Tour India Package for very less price .	3	Singular
As far as George Bush knew , he and his unit could have been transferred to Vietnam .	7	Singular
The review is also investigating inflammatory Facebook posts from September , alleged to come from police officers in the northern Ontario city .	6	Singular
The rapporteur is asking for a threshold of 50 to 30 ppm , which would also involve excessive cost without appreciable benefit .	11	Plural
He was very prolific but very business minded about that . "	1	Singular
The Americans wanted the new regime to make the populace literate , to create " a large and stable middle class a sufficient identification of local ideals and values , so that truly indigenous democratic institutions could grow up . "	5	Singular
Please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to Internet email for messages of this kind .	12	Singular
He was shabby and careless , with ink-stains on the sleeves of his jacket , and his cravat was large and billowy , under a chin shaped like the toe of an old boot .	25	Singular
Should China decide to retaliate against the US to defend its oil and natural gas deal with Iran , the US would be faced with a significant threat .	27	Singular
Meditation has to do with what is called ideation .	6	Singular
Cindy	0	Singular
MSU does a lot of EPM studies because of how common it is here .	0	Singular
At the ceremony , NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announced the locations that would be given the three remaining Space Shuttle orbiters following the end of the Space Shuttle program .	10	Plural
He told the BBC ’s Andrew Marr Show : “ A general election is frankly the last thing that the Government wants . ”	6	Singular
Opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .	19	Singular
Even before the two unauthorised sonnets appeared in The Passionate Pilgrim in 1599 , Francis Meres had referred in 1598 to Shakespeare 's " sugred Sonnets among his private friends " .	5	Plural
Please rise , then , for this minute 's silence .	7	Singular
Def going to come back and try this place again .	8	Singular
Her major works include the aquatic centre for the London 2012 Olympics , Michigan State University 's Broad Art Museum in the US , and the Guangzhou Opera House in China .	27	Singular
October 4 , ENA orientation in the am .	4	Singular
$ 113 m - Amount of total hard money the Bush - Cheney 2000 campaign received , a record .	4	Singular
In 1893 , Higuchi , her mother and her sister abandoned their middle class house and , with a grim determination to survive , moved to a poor neighborhood where they opened a stationery store that before long failed .	14	Singular
Abby Freeman is our good friend who has non-Hodgkin lymphoma , and she needs your help !	0	Singular
By dumping some portion of their reserves , these countries could put the dollar under intense pressure and send U.S. interest rates skyrocketing .	3	Singular
Pan-democrat Gary Fan of the Neo Democrats failed to get re-elected in this constituency , and resigned from his leadership in his party due to its election defeat .	6	Plural
The mixture will now curdle and this is what should be happening .	7	Singular
I also agree it 's under warranty so get in touch with Canon .	3	Singular
I would say if he does not call you back by friday call him again he could be playing hard to get ?	4	Singular
Fast and great service on pool covers	6	Plural
I would much rather put it off until I can afford to have the vacation of a lifetime as I 'm sure this trip is intended to be .	17	Singular
The car rental area and parking is well integrated .	5	Singular
I 'm American and I am going to the UK for the first time , what should I expect ?	13	Singular
Average campaigns for ANA result in CTR of 8 – 12 % .	1	Plural
That demand also led to the production of several fake portraits , as well as mis - attributions , repaintings and relabelling of portraits of other people .	21	Singular
Making his way through the press of oncoming bodies , Quinn made a tour of the numbered gates , looking for hidden staircases , unmarked exits , dark alcoves .	10	Singular
Stillman could wander , he could stagger like a blindman from one spot to another , but this was a privilege denied to Quinn .	9	Singular
I was thinking of converting it to a hover vehicle .	5	Singular
About using connection files	2	Singular
And perhaps he was cheered by keeping his eye on a chance of promotion to the fleet at Ravenna by-and-by , if he had good friends in Rome and survived the awful climate .	25	Plural
It would be appreciated if you could advice me on this matter .	10	Singular
Most travellers will arrive in York by road ( car or bus ) or rail from other parts of the UK or an airport .	17	Plural
Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates .	4	Singular
By the time a man is wise enough to watch his step , he 's too old to go anywhere .	11	Singular
But the long silence from Ron and Hermione had made Harry feel so cut off from the magical world that even taunting Dudley had lost its appeal – and now Ron and Hermione had forgotten his birthday .	26	Singular
which burger chain do you think is as good as in n out or better in the chicago area besides five guys and smashburger ?	17	Singular
You are right , we do need a formal plan , Thane has started an initial draft .	9	Singular
The # 1 Newsgroup Service in the World !	3	Singular
Real-time suggested bids for our auction - based system provided guidance that enabled G5 to hone advert effectiveness based on their various targeting filters ( age , college level and location ) .	25	Singular
Spain had expelled its Sephardic population in 1492 ; many of these Spanish Jews left Spain for Portugal but eventually were targeted there as well .	3	Singular
Its struggle against the Ottoman Empire in the Mediterranean Sea put serious limits on the military power it could deploy against the rebels in the Netherlands .	9	Singular
No one is left out ; there are clear references to women , for example .	11	Plural
He handed it to Auster . You see , he said .	0	Singular
The whole experience shows a hotel managed by what must be a 2 star hotel manager .	14	Singular
If you really want to avoid the crowds , definitely avoid the weekends .	12	Plural
Also , can animals remember images on TV like us , humans ?	3	Plural
Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons ' then - current trademark usage guidelines , as may be published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time .	16	Plural
These changes , while significant , were concentrated in the elite , and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages .	1	Plural
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]	8	Singular
Of the metal music farce , Ministry has definately made in - road into ' Loose Change " - " Alex Jones " territory with their new record , Rio Grande Blood .	25	Plural
The terms of office of the Members thus appointed shall expire at the same time as those of the Members in office at the time of accession .	6	Plural
Let Hedwig out , he told Ron . she can fly behind us .	8	Singular
The USI art gallery celebrated the Thursday opening with its display of Warhol 's Polaroids , gelatin silver prints and several colored screen prints .	9	Singular
In the eastern city of Baqubah , guerrillas detonated a car bomb outside a police station , killing several people .	19	Plural
I will never go back .	0	Singular
Denis O'Connell	0	Singular
The cashier was also short , unapologetic and made me feel as I was wasting her time .	16	Singular
i have talked to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say it s a routine thing when entering another country .	20	Singular
Aside from the excellent transportation infrastructure that was completed in time for the 2004 Olympics ( from new freeways to light rail systems ) , the city 's historic center underwent serious renovation .	4	Singular
I think Valerie Mooney ( our credit person ) and Ed Sacks are still discussing some minor fine tuning of the LOC format .	7	Singular
In Tulsa you will find old west charm as well as a cosmopolitan atmosphere .	1	Singular
2002 - The worst year for major markets since the recession of the 1970s .	7	Plural
I meant " please " ! said Harry quickly .	7	Singular
They need to see the political dimension working , to see that officials accept their responsibilities and that there is communication with the citizens .	6	Singular
Well , that was strike one .	3	Singular
They argued self-righteously as two old-maid sisters .	6	Plural
If I had to take over the English-language services tomorrow , you know what I 'd have to do it with a bunch of Lambala and speakers from the vernacular sections and some refugee school-teachers from South Africa .	24	Singular
Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 2/14/2005 07:03:00 PM	10	Singular
The book , he says , was written in Arabic by Cid Hamete Benengali .	13	Singular
This means that when you move a series or category field to the filter area and back , previously hidden items are again hidden .	20	Plural
He loves to flirt with her when Cyprian 's not looking , but get her doing her marvellous wriggle on the floor and he just stands there like Andrew , dragging his feet .	31	Singular
Balzac 's health was deteriorating by this point , making the completion of this pair of books a significant accomplishment .	9	Singular
The expression sounded wonderfully odd , with its suggestion of sedentary desk-life .	8	Singular
Its support base is much larger than what it seems .	3	Singular
In the meantime , could you please provide a contact on your side with whom we could discuss technical issues ?	2	Singular
By setting properties from the View menu , you can enable mixed mode security .	2	Plural
Walls keeping water out of the bowl - shaped city have been breached , and emergency teams are using helicopters to drop 1,350 kg ( 3,000 lb ) sandbags and concrete barriers into the gaps .	16	Plural
The only neurological sign that he shows is that he barely drags his toes and sometimes has trouble with his right lead .	12	Singular
4 . Alan Greenspan , Chairman , Federal Reserve , U.S.A .	10	Singular
The police commander of Ninevah Province announced that bombings had declined 80 percent in Mosul , whereas there had been a big jump in the number of kidnappings .	27	Plural
It was posted on Dec. 11 , but the Human Resource dept said that if it is still on the internet , it is open .	11	Singular
The report 's authors say iodine deficiency is " the sleeper health issue in Australia " , and potentially a very serious one .	3	Plural
No more than a general impression – even though he was there , looking at those things with his own eyes .	16	Plural
BREYER filed a concurring opinion , in which KENNEDY , SOUTER , and GINSBURG joined .	0	Plural
She says this in so ringing a voice that I retreat .	0	Singular
Image : R Saravanan .	0	Singular
50 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 15 October 2003 .	14	Singular
When we compare male and female farmers with similar land sizes across similar settings , the productivity gap can be as high as 66 % , as it is in Niger .	9	Singular
All the outside participants will be prompted to enter their access code , which is 600-480 .	11	Singular
The Polaroids were all donated by the Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program , according to Kristen Wilkins , assistant professor of photography and curator of the exhibit .	10	Singular
And do more research before you agree next time ;-)	8	Singular
Four students at Roma Tre University have developed a motorcycle helmet that can ' read thoughts ' by helping to anticipate drivers ' actions .	15	Plural
Climate is a weekly series by UPI examining the impacts of global climate change .	4	Singular
Chemicals are still on our agenda in the EU .	0	Plural
Opening night , January 23 , 2014 , of the Andy Warhol exhibit of Polaroids and screen prints at the University of Southern Indiana .	3	Singular
F-E focuses attention on the message itself , in both form and content .	1	Singular
Because of the mosquitoes , they moved into the house .	3	Plural
Although there are no human vocals / lyrics , I think it's subject matter is audible .	5	Plural
Well , they have a variety of sports that they play like basketball , soccer , etc .	12	Singular
" Their screams changed , " Dr. Fortier said .	7	Singular
Since it will be Janet signing , it will probably be better to have the initials on the pages first .	15	Plural
Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers on their behalf .	16	Plural
When she was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease the doctor gave her 13 years to live .	12	Singular
It is therefore unacceptable to compel the Member States to apply increases that are actually above the rate of inflation .	1	Singular
Winter and darkness here but in Cambridge , perhaps , there 's already spring yelling its head off ?	16	Singular
Let us know your thoughts on this document and if you are comfortable with our using this until such time as the hybrid form is launched .	6	Singular
I found an injured pure white bird ( dove I guess ? )	9	Singular
He does n't just take pictures he makes art out of them and you wo n't even notice that there 's a camera there .	0	Singular
It 's enough to make your hair stand on end , said Dando ; and enjoyed the effect .	17	Singular
And George Bush and James Baker , secretary of state , agreed that NATO would not expand one inch to the east .	4	Singular
Jackie Taylor - she is located at Court House Concessionaire and under her name in the directory .	8	Singular
Amid worsening conditions , officials plan to evacuate a New Orleans stadium where up to 20,000 people took shelter .	10	Singular
Not only did they answer the phone at 4:50 on a Thursday , they hit the ground moving !.	16	Singular
South Korea 's success over the last five decades owes much to the rapid growth of its well - educated labor force .	16	Singular
Why are there no fire instructions ?	5	Singular
Once you have a budget or an amount in the bank then you 'll be able to figure out where you can go , for how long you can go and what you can do when you 're there .	4	Singular
Boutique stores dealing in children 's clothing / gifts are often outrageously priced ( who wants to pay 40 dollars for a newborn onesie ? )	0	Singular
2 and then the Quarter field is filtered to display only Golf sales in Qtr3 .	5	Singular
Socotra Island is very rich and is home to many rare spectacular species of reefs , fish , birds , plants , and trees which are not found anywhere else in the world .	1	Singular
10 - Number of days that the Pentagon spent investigating a soldier who had called the President " a joke " in a letter to the editor of a Newspaper .	4	Plural
Can you post a link that shows all the art works that were never found after the Natzi stole them ?	19	Plural
For example , if you specify the start range as 01-Jul-1999 while grouping the ShippedDate field in weekly intervals , the following groups will be created :	14	Singular
Okay , FIRST , you have posted a question about an American movie , set in Mexico , in the Dining Out in Argentina category .	12	Singular
Cranmore Dental and Implant Clinic : I could not recommend Dr David Nelson enough .	12	Singular
i reccomend you to go and enjoy their wonderful hospitality .	7	Plural
It appeared , however , I was also one of the Workers , with a capital – you know . Something like an emissary of light , something like a lower sort of apostle .	6	Singular
ALITO filed a dissenting opinion , in which SCALIA and THOMAS joined as to Parts I through III .	8	Singular
Thanks for the info - a few people from our shop will be in attendance ./	7	Plural
It was nice and close to the Taj .	0	Singular
Kathy ,	0	Singular
Fred and George climbed carefully through the window into Harry 's room .	9	Singular
According to the Citizenship and Immigration Canada web site at http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp , it states " Note : you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be eligible for processing . "	13	Singular
Fourthly , do not say we were not available !	5	Plural
His more unusual accolades include global ambassador for New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation , and a place at Harvard Business School .	14	Singular
If you are of a religious turn of mind , you may wish at this point to offer a prayer to a god , goddess , protective spirit or guardian angel .	14	Singular
Pretending he had n't noticed this , Harry sat down and took the toast Mrs Weasley offered him .	7	Singular
It is our belief that this compensation plan will produce some of the largest checks in network marketing history .	17	Singular
The home page for Rockin on the River is , and it lists all the acts scheduled for the season .	2	Singular
I refer to VNHH often and love you guys .	3	Singular
Ok maybe that is n't the right question , but my question is can you text from a united states number when you r in canada , can you send texts to another united states number ?	18	Singular
Puto ,	0	Singular
$ 44 m - Amount the Bush - Cheney 2000 campaign and the Republican National Committee received in contributions from the fossil fuel , chemical , timber , and mining industries .	29	Singular
All three of Mrs Weasley 's sons were taller than she was , but they cowered as her rage broke over them .	14	Plural
The sun was fierce , the land seemed to glisten and drip with steam .	1	Singular
Until I was thirteen , I thought my name was shut up .	9	Singular
Their selection is top notch and the staff is very knowledgable .	7	Singular
And that explains the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga 's four - day visit to India recently .	11	Singular
For instance , if the person has a band-related username , you might say : " Hey , cool name . Did you see those guys when they last came to town ? "	25	Plural
For audit and evaluation costs , pre - accession funds may be committed up to five years after accession .	9	Singular
Today , Ukraine needs a modern-day equivalent of the Marshall Plan , by which the United States helped to reconstruct Europe after World War II .	22	Singular
The traditional greeting known as the wai , where you press your hands together as is in prayer and bow slightly , is derived from the Hindu cultural influence from India , and still widely practised .	26	Singular
75 - Percentage of Americans unaffected by Bush 's sweeping 2003 cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes .	4	Plural
Zenghelis described her as the most outstanding pupil he ever taught .	8	Singular
I CAN NOT afford to treat whatever is wrong with him .	10	Singular
While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong .	14	Singular
Shahar is bald , muscular , and his shirt is ornamented with nags , horseshoes , and bridles , a yellow print on dark blue .	7	Singular
Contact the Indian railways .	3	Plural
I thought that since Chonawee has an optimization background , he would be good to have him go to dinner with Dr. Lasdon on Thrusday as well .	21	Singular
Future studies should also include a larger age range of children to document the age at which adult-like performance emerges .	18	Singular
She is going to be a kinesiologist , sports injury therapist .	1	Singular
What person ( s ) in London prepares credit for the English and Singapore financial transactions ?	8	Singular
Especially high end keep sake sort of clothing that you just ca nt find in a lot of stores .	4	Singular
I think that ’s why they immersed themselves in pattern and colour .	2	Singular
Agel is a new company and is uniquely positioned to be the next giant in the network marketing industry .	13	Singular
That was the first night Renata did n’t come home and it does n’t take Freud to figure out what that meant .	5	Singular
Almost embarrassed by the intensity of his feelings , Quinn tucked the red notebook under his arm , walked over to the cash register , and bought it .	9	Singular
The most fundamental human right , after the necessities of food , clothing and shelter , is the right to affection and the supportive love of other human beings .	4	Singular
Nor did she realize that he wrote popular literature which aimed to please the general public and in no way wished to be associated with serious literature .	5	Singular
They treat there employees with respect and concern and expect that they will extend the same politeness to there customers .	11	Plural
I also understand that weekend staffs are different than daytime staffs and not necessarily Starbucks A - team or even full - time .	4	Singular
I also like the freedom in mathematics .	6	Singular
The influence of the levels and composition of maternal nutrition on a female fetus will carry through to adulthood , when she , too , becomes a mother .	6	Singular
Now imagine that infinite happiness is surrounding you in every direction .	10	Singular
How Do you Prevent A Dwarf Hamster Escaping From The Cage ?	10	Singular
I said great and Dan arrived on time at 10 am to make the repair .	0	Singular
The last two nights I have dreamed of dogs in trouble .	3	Plural
Just east of Broadway and continuing north and south is Oakland 's famous Chinatown , and that to get the real essence of " Chinatown , " Oakland rather than San Francisco is your best bet .	13	Singular
They gave the best service & rates I could find .	7	Singular
Even worse , the dark , narrow street Harry could see through the dusty shop window was definitely not Diagon Alley .	7	Singular
Could you send me a set ?	3	Singular
the stripes are like hair the less stipes the older .	4	Singular
The Greek Orthodox Church , a Christian denomination , is extremely critical of worshippers of the ancient deities .	7	Singular
With the default installation of the Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Desktop Engine with integrated security , the user must be a member of the administrator group for the machine on which the Access project resides .	2	Singular
The effect of being Paul Auster , he had begun to learn , was not altogether unpleasant .	4	Singular
His cassock , dark red , swells with the body .	9	Singular
The stampede at Islam 's most holy site happened at Jamarat Bridge , during an event where pebbles are thrown at a pillar to represent the stoning of Satan as part of the final rites of the Hajj .	22	Singular
Her latest non-fiction is about Margaret Douglas , Countess of Lennox .	5	Singular
We have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as AT&T , Duke Energy , Pitney Bowes and Daimler Chrysler , and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts .?	21	Singular
Nina Chahine , 19 , who with her family was among the named plaintiffs in the lawsuit , said her wedding in the southern city of Tyre was set for July 13 .	9	Singular
He is trapped by the Abbé Herrera ( Vautrin ) in a convoluted and disastrous plan to regain social status .	0	Singular
It is also encouraging citizens to ask for application of the law in their local municipalities .	0	Singular
He also announced this in January :	3	Singular
The vet said it was gastroenteritis and gave him fluids under his skin , an injection of nausea medication along with some take home antibiotics .	12	Singular
He believes memos and e-mails around the time of Winter 's Dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues .	0	Singular
This amendment adds the British Columbia Securities Act representation to the master .	5	Singular
Second , we examined the relative proportions of the two discrimination experience measures across each racial category .	2	Plural
Their location , the northwest corner of S. 10th & Federal Sts. , is now home to Slice Pizza .	0	Plural
Two decades of pickling his nervous system in various highly toxic substances have left Bush damaged goods .	6	Singular
I 've had experience with all of those pets except Degus .	7	Plural
Examples are the Line Islands in the Pacific and the Maldives in the Indian Ocean .	13	Singular
In Iraqi society , PM Allawi is responsible for protecting his clan , including especially his first cousins , so this kidnapping makes him look weak and brings substantial shame on him .	27	Singular
Or in the icecream tricycles waiting at the base of each section of an amphitheatre of dark faces , the mongrel that ran out and lifted its leg on the presidential dais ?	20	Singular
The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats .	22	Plural
They had been drinking at a pub called the Midnight - the centre of the heavy metal scene in Milan - and they never came home .	19	Singular
Meanwhile , a decision 's been reached in the trial of Toledo priest Gerald Robinson .	9	Singular
Anthony Sill Legal Counsel Uecomm Limited 126 Trenerry Crescent Abbotsford , VIC 3067 . Ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 Fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 Mob. 0417 575 920	11	Singular
Burger King	1	Singular
Our last call was Iris Kind , Bill Savier ( sp ? ) , and Jeff Davis .	15	Singular
Buy a ticket from the driver .	2	Singular
Build a community around your business .	5	Singular
Their selection is random , so what they have on a given week might never be available again at the store .	2	Singular
The dispute is becoming increasingly bitter and is beginning to look like a trade war .	1	Singular
In Access 2000 , you can only programmatically change the ANSI SQL query mode and any queries created under ANSI-92 mode were hidden in the Database window .	20	Singular
We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same - gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights , responsibilities , and commitments of civil marriage .	30	Plural
It is the portion from this second boundary up to the outer boundary , the imaginary line that connects the lighthouse landmark at Punta del Este to the lighthouse landmark at Punta Rasa .	32	Singular
The bravest of modern writers are the Mandelstams and the Sinyavskys .	10	Plural
Nida also developed the componential analysis technique , which split words into their components to help determine equivalence in translation ( e.g. " bachelor " = male + unmarried ) .	5	Singular
This place is bad .	2	Singular
We were disappointed with this holiday dinner due to the overall flavor and price of the meal , and accessibility to the Jazz Club .	16	Singular
I have also looked at the photo galleries for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants and I have narrowed it down to three establishments .	22	Singular
In 1997 , the Thai navy reported the interception of a 16 - meter boat after a chase off the Thai port of Ranong , and the confiscation of two tons of weapons and ammunition .	34	Singular
My apartment also smells repulsive even though I am cleaning out their litter box at least once a day if not twice .	11	Plural
It looks like NASA is ready to sour again after it's devastating loss from the Columbia accident which occurred nearly two years ago .	16	Singular
Someone in the CPA sat down and thought up ways to stir them up by closing their newspaper and issuing 28 arrest warrants and taking in people like Yaqubi .	9	Plural
This is a " test email send " of the WPO Forum Group from Richard Everett .	6	Singular
My concern is that between now and then Dunn , the AG have the time and resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief , which could be detrimental to generators / marketers ' claims .	33	Plural
Somewhere in between his rudeness he asked if we smoked .	4	Singular
Jan Smutney - Jones , who was the ISO board chairman at the time and executive director of a group that represents power generators , said Winter did not consult him about eliminating the price cap .	16	Singular
The service is solicitous , the atmosphere is nice and mod except the out - of - place flat - screen TV playing football .	23	Singular
( 3 ) The ecodesign of products is a crucial factor in the Community strategy on Integrated Product Policy .	14	Singular
These have been sighted among Iraqi crowds on Haifa Street in Baghdad and in Samarra .	0	Plural
However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .	6	Singular
In a new franchise business ?	4	Singular
It was the biggest thing in the town , and everybody I met was full of it .	1	Singular
The mere offer of a job was to be sufficient to justify immigration rights .	2	Singular
This right to love and form a family is so fundamental that our United States Constitution takes it for granted in its dedication to " secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity . ”	14	Singular
But the depth and persistence of the ongoing crisis have exposed the euro 's fundamental fragilities , and should serve as a warning that today 's technocratic Band - Aids may not hold in the face of another shock .	8	Singular
Your appliances are also murder on the straps , which are almost always the first things to wear out on your overalls .	15	Plural
Harry noticed that it was wearing what looked like an old pillowcase , with rips for arm and leg holes .	18	Singular
You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment , but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you .	20	Singular
Montalvo had read an article in the Scientology propaganda publication Freedom Magazine , which attacked high-ranking defectors from the organization including Tom Devocht and Mark Rathbun .	7	Singular
Or Renata might be sleeping in her car .	7	Singular
And the basic idea behind the Checks and Balances we have is that if one branch of the Government goes crazy , the other two can hold it down .	3	Singular
the aid measures shall be communicated to the Commission within four months of the date of accession .	8	Singular
Back to my poor rating - I was excepted to medical school and went in to cancel my membership as I was told I could do since I was moving away .	18	Singular
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand , i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube .	36	Singular
Paris was born in Switzerland but her parents moved her to the United Kingdom when she was six so they could be closer to the church 's headquarters .	1	Singular
The staff and the Principal are rediculous , they do n't listen to any input , and they make up rediculous rules ( They banned backpacks , because a teacher TRIPPED OVER a student 's ) .	14	Singular
" Look how the academy returns the pretty ones we send them !	9	Plural
it is a transmedia system in the sense first used by Marsha Kinder ( 1991 ) and popularized by Henry Jenkins ( 2006 ) , in which media-hopping networks of intertextualities extend the “ storyworld ” of an original production .	1	Singular
While he admired and drew inspiration from the Romantic style of Scottish novelist Walter Scott , Balzac sought to depict human existence through the use of particulars .	5	Singular
It turned out being very good quality tmobile service and I was happy with the new tmobile phone .	6	Singular
The freaky thing here is that these bozos are seriously claiming the moral high ground ? ? ? ? ?	7	Plural
" Wei has given some virtuoso performances with brush and ink , often incorporating several different techniques into a single work , " said Gordon S. Barrass , curator of the exhibition .	1	Singular
that is precisely the time when you may , if you wish , raise this question , i.e. on Thursday prior to the start of the presentation of the report .	4	Singular
Please email the January 31st DPR information for your respective groups to my attention by noon on Friday .	12	Singular
Having a team was the best because they kept the flow of the wedding going the whole time !	10	Singular
Her grant for the life saving treatments she needs has run out , and we need to help her to continue to receive these treatments .	14	Plural
It was good to hear from you !	0	Singular
It will also give us a future in the two very important industries that we can not ignore and ensure Europe 's future prosperity .	6	Singular
Revolutionary re-enactments , and breathtaking views of the GW Bridge , the Little Red Light House , Hudson River and majestic city skyline .	12	Singular
The children ( an excuse to dawdle , of course ) stopped and waved .	1	Plural
If you have not already seen the Flash movie Epic , you should take a few minutes and view the future history of media as conceived by Robin Sloan and Matt Thompson , with music by Aaron McLeran .	36	Singular
Like The Two Gentlemen of Verona , in which two friends appear to approve of rape , the Shrew 's story of the taming of a woman 's independent spirit by a man sometimes troubles modern critics and directors .	18	Singular
The decision was made by ISO upper management with one goal in mind : to keep the lights on .	17	Plural
Marcelo L. Meira Sr IT Developer Enron Networks - Houston , TX ( 713 ) 345-3436	7	Plural
Do n't be nosy or gossipy , but if they are happy with someone one day and hateful with them the next , that 's a sign of them having a lot of fair weather friends .	34	Singular
Whitmore told LA Weekly that on October 6 after traveling back from Florida , Montalvo " walked into lobby of the East L.A. station and turned himself in " , and told the police , " everything he did " .	18	Singular
The punishment for suicide murder should be death or arrest before the murder , not during and not after .	3	Singular
Still , I 've always suspected that Cervantes devoured those old romances .	2	Singular
Airfare alone will be incredibly expensive so make sure you have the money and of course free time to take your time and have a great time .	21	Singular
Best in Memphis	2	Singular
You can also try practicing in front of a sympathetic friend or family member once you ’re ready for a “ real ” audience .	13	Singular
In a recent interview , Zay and Zayion described recording their version of “ Knuck If You Buck ” on a home laptop .	10	Plural
Compounding this is the well - based suspicion that Syria has perhaps the most advanced chemical weapons capability in the Persian Gulf .	1	Singular
The cost will change monthly and the price is expected to rise in winter as usage increases .	16	Singular
Such a formal orientation that typifies this type of structural equivalence is called a " gloss translation " in which the translator aims at reproducing as literally and meaningfully as possible the form and content of the original .	5	Singular
I googled restaurants in the area and Fuji Sushi came up and reviews were great so I made a carry out order of : L 17 .	5	Singular
Photographs from a seized computer disc included the controls and the locks on the door between the passengers and pilot .	5	Singular
Your application is still evaluated on a number of criteria , not all of them as " cast in steel " as the points .	2	Singular
Nice and quiet place with cosy living room just outside the city .	7	Singular
At the same time McCartney was going out with Heather Mills , he used Linda 's death for promotional ends , due to his waning popularity .	16	Singular
I have since purchased two cars from this dealership , The first one was from Phillip and the second was from Richard .	8	Singular
“ Superheroes are outside of human experience and so is this , so I treated it like a drama , ” Zimmer says .	18	Singular
And , he did n't think he needed to know anything about South Asia , with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics -- the latter a dire security threat to the US .	10	Singular
This place has the best baby and children s clothes .	9	Plural
The beers were good , nice choice of beers as well , and as usual the mussels were great , the place upstairs is a nice addition to the bar downstairs .	29	Singular
Was the San Francisco Bay Area mostly Caucasian back in the early 1970s ?	4	Singular
Other than that , I would recommend living here . :)	2	Singular
The Only Catch Is That You HAVE To Have An Income ABOVE $ 21,000 ...... And ...... You HAVE To Follow The Easy Instructions Provided To You .	2	Singular
Do you have a tel # for Mike ?	4	Singular
No transportation at this point , just a tabs .	8	Singular
2 . We really liked the fact that Stuart sets defined objectives and we meet once a month to go over our Key Performance Indicators .	17	Singular
Oil companies evacuated offshore facilities as the storm 's progress kept global markets on tenterhooks .	9	Singular
2.3 m - Number of Americans who lost their jobs during first three Years of the Bush administration .	16	Singular
To be sure , many Israelis refuse to admit that this historic uneasiness has not been eliminated .	10	Singular
This would not only apply to entertainment content , but equally to education , to scientific research and , perhaps most importantly , to political discourse .	25	Singular
If you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .	33	Singular
The results of the February 26th PVT test conducted on Nville have been discussed with each of you over the last three months .	22	Plural
It looks as if NASA is transitioning away from the shuttle model , as in the past they have proven to be quite dangerous as Columbia has recently proved .	10	Singular
This is really an end goal aim of NASA & Company and also does not allow anyone challenging the moon landing hoax .	8	Singular
But the real fear comes from the undisputed fact that no defense and no preventive measures can succeed against a determined suicide murderer .	21	Singular
Only if it is of the quality of That 's Amore .	6	Singular
The Rules of Procedure as adapted shall require the consent of the Council .	1	Plural
It 's nice to see that even in the economy we can eat a place that has upscale service , amazing atmosphere , and Incredible food , but not break the bank while enjoying it !	25	Singular
In the 20 th century , his work was repeatedly adopted and rediscovered by new movements in scholarship and performance .	15	Plural
Can we find another time that works for us to meet ?	8	Plural
But Cotton ’s dark deeds did not occur due to some sort of compulsion to kill .	11	Singular
She is so talented , the flowers were arranged superbly and delicately , it is so obvious to see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to others .	22	Singular
It is also far more than what any administration in New Delhi can deliver .	8	Singular
Delays in the CEN 's work are now making it difficult to apply this very Directive .	13	Singular
These people were so helpful this week and did everything to sort out my windscreen and insurance .	13	Singular
Thank you for you patience .	4	Singular
colorado beat texas a&m .	2	Singular
They want to go , they 're longing to , you can see they ca n't stand the sight of your face when you 're working together ... which makes things very pleasant , you can imagine ...	13	Plural
An analysis of 65 bird species in the United Kingdom shows about one - third are laying their eggs four to seven days earlier than they did 25 years ago .	10	Singular
October 4 , ENA orientation in the am .	0	Singular
" That 's why he did the Campbell Soup cans or the Marilyn pictures , these iconic products of American culture whether they be in film , video or actually products we consumed .	25	Singular
Another approach is to buy five bottles of vodka and five bags of Skittles .	13	Plural
Perhaps they do n't deliver anymore , but the deliciousness of a mezza luna certainly warrants a pickup .	13	Singular
Zacarias Moussaoui , never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable , has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants " anthrax for Jew sympathizer only . "	24	Singular
Sandi sez it 's actually happening at 10 AM and it 's renewable - focused .	2	Singular
Is there any way can let him know how to walk with leash ?	12	Singular
On the other end of the sump , you would have a small return pump with a hose that puts the water back into your tank .	25	Singular
The so called ' Tanker ' wars in the late 1980s put Iran squarely in the bullseye of all nations seeking to transport oil out of the region .	19	Plural
The Viguier and La Conte districts contain the majority of the city 's social housing , where the population is mainly made up of immigrants or those of immigrant origin .	19	Singular
He responded by purchasing a classified advertisement in the Gazette De France , hoping that his anonymous critic would find it .	17	Singular
State Representative District 94	1	Singular
Bill D Hare	0	Singular
Prevention has to be our answer to disasters of this kind and this draft Directive is an important step towards well - trained safety advisers being available , so that the right action is taken in good time .	15	Singular
Once , when he had been in the luncheonette , they had talked about baseball , and now , each time Quinn came in , they continued to talk about it .	25	Plural
I love this cage , it 's easy to clean , very spacious and fun for the hamster	6	Singular
Marianne :	0	Singular
Make a dinging noise at each floor .	3	Singular
Here is a great list of different restaurants in San Francisco	10	Singular
Alternates : Heather Johnson , Usman Shaukat , Gerard Benitez , Matthew Almy , Travis Hanson	6	Singular
You can find them From Indian Oil Building , Sector - 37 , Taj Express Road ( Bus Stops ) etc.	6	Singular
I asked them to change it but they rudely said that it was okay .	2	Plural
A community of about twenty thousand people had traffic jams worthy of Rome , cars as a matter of course rushing into the reserved bus lanes , screwing everything up and honking madly .	9	Plural
You review and approve it , keep it on your desk , and I will come over and make the change at your desk on Monday .	7	Singular
DAB 's Starry Lee ; from file , 2015 .	0	Singular
I think that providing people with a practical education is one of the most empowering things you can offer a person .	8	Singular
-- The return to flight activities for the Shuttle program are funded at $ 4.319 billion , the requested level from the Administration .	8	Singular
At the time of his arrest , the suspect was allegedly involved in constructing a " submarine " in a shipyard on the island of Sirae near Phuket on the Andaman Sea coast .	27	Singular
He is kind of hate walking with leash , every time I put the leash on , he will try to bite it .	10	Singular
In the background , shining , is Renata , who is young and healthy and good , raising her arm to show her grandmother that the chip is nothing , nothing at all .	18	Singular
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	15	Singular
These people only carry the very best American blown glass .	0	Plural
Before he had a chance to absorb the woman 's presence , to describe her to himself and form his impressions , she was talking to him , forcing him to respond .	4	Singular
It ’s fair to say that Rocco Catalano works , lives and breathes retro .	1	Singular
Aner Shalev is an Israeli mathematician and writer born in 1958 in Kibbutz Kinneret , Tiberias .	1	Singular
The influence of Paris permeates La Comédie .	4	Singular
Telling good jokes is an art that comes naturally to some people , but for others it takes practice and hard work .	16	Singular
His Ph.D. dissertation , A Synopsis of English Syntax , was the first full-scale analysis of a major language according to the " immediate-constituent " theory .	2	Singular
1972 - Year that Bush walked away from his pilot duties in the Texas National Guard , Nearly two years before his six - year obligation was up .	15	Singular
When near the buildings I met a white man , in such an unexpected elegance of get-up that in the first moment I took him for a sort of vision .	3	Plural
Billing takes 15 minutes and back office jobs takes 1 day 's training How fast your support queries get answered ?	16	Singular
As concerned citizens we affirm the liberty of adults of the same gender to love and marry .	12	Singular
Last time I went however , my beer was warm and the service was so - so .	13	Singular
My son was able to advance a full two grades within 9 months !	1	Singular
The attention is the main point made in this study , since it is fundamental to the learning process and be recurring complaint among parents and teachers in schools .	13	Singular
btw , they 're all from 4gamer .	2	Plural
We are hopeful that we can post the complaint to the UCAN web site later today .	13	Singular
They were by no means the only ones making their way to the bookshop .	10	Singular
Princeton islamist scholar Bernard Lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad , extremists like Zawahiri agree that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used .	5	Singular
I know that if my garage door needs to be repaired , I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors	5	Singular
Atwood , a Booker Prize-winner , was there to launch her graphic novel Angel Catbird , with illustrator Johnnie Christmas .	19	Singular
Traci ,	0	Singular
Greece was divided into many small , self - governing communities , a pattern largely dictated by Greek geography : every island , valley and plain is cut off from its neighbours by the sea or mountain ranges .	7	Singular
Bruce Reilly ( a.k.a Bruha ) P.O. Box 8274 Cranston , RI 02920 USA	9	Singular
For example , if you move the Salesperson field to the MultiChart area , a chart is created based on data for each salesperson in that field .	20	Singular
They had the work done in about half the time quoted which made me and my wife extremely happy .	13	Singular
After the sinking of the Titanic in 1912 , was there a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking ?	26	Singular
Regardless of method , the winning seeker wins 30 points for his or her team , unlike the books , in which the snitch is worth 150 points .	7	Singular
This paper describes a collaborative pilot project focusing on a unique collection of 17th Century Zurbarán paintings .	5	Singular
Well it took us a while to find one that we liked .	1	Singular
He reports that the Iraqi Islamic Party , which had earlier been absolutely committed to getting out the Sunni vote , is now wavering and saying their position will depend on the situation .	5	Singular
The staff and the Principal are rediculous , they do n't listen to any input , and they make up rediculous rules ( They banned backpacks , because a teacher TRIPPED OVER a student 's ) .	1	Singular
Gerry Strathmann eCommerce Group American Arbitration Association ( 978 ) 376-9004 303-294-4499	2	Singular
I 'm not sure that ENE @ 75 is the place , but maybe @ 73 .	0	Singular
UN Secretary - General Kofi Annan has indicated it is time to " recognize Hezbollah " after easily being duped by " the message on the placards they are using " .	14	Singular
I concur that Ba'athists and former security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out of 18 governorates , along with the capital , if Americans are to be removed from the picture entirely .	0	Singular
The editors punch it up over the last couple of days and then it goes out over the Internet and into the print edition .	14	Singular
My take is that the UDCs will be indifferent to this ( maybe ? ) and our # 1 priority is to work to get the PG&E model adopted across the state .	17	Singular
After all , I also was a part of the great cause of these high and just proceedings .	13	Plural
Figuratively speaking , this outer circle is the guardian , which makes sure that the people look and listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement , rather than to the world outside .	3	Singular
1 . I tested it out by making a figure boat	10	Singular
But the fact is , it 's not a joke .	6	Singular
Certain elements of the travelling community engage in this activity , but overall no not really .	4	Singular
In the foreground , facing the magazine rack , a young student stood with an open magazine in his hands , staring at a picture of a naked woman .	16	Singular
I v just had my bmw z3 rear window replaced by the guys at kelvin trimmers .	8	Singular
Midas has the most high tech equipment in town & I guarantee you if they told you it was electrical then in deed it s electrical !	10	Singular
Such consultation may highlight the need for a phased introduction or transitional measures .	5	Singular
22 - Number of hours prisoners were handcuffed , shackled , and made to wear surgical masks , earmuffs , and blindfolds during their flight to Guantanamo .	18	Plural
Yes bus service is available .	1	Singular
Dark , dark main room .	4	Singular
and there prices are really good !	2	Plural
An unsuccessful transition will equally damage us all .	2	Singular
You must go after the head of the " Family " .	5	Singular
You can apply a filter to a row or column field to show the top or bottom n items based on a total .	16	Singular
Between November and April , it is more humid and thunderstorms and cyclones do occur .	3	Singular
However , historically , there have been several events that should cause a societal response .	8	Plural
The present research represents a first step in exploring the impact of transmedia systems , as exemplified by Game of Thrones , through the study of fans .	26	Plural
He had wanted to take in the details of what he was seeing , but the task was somehow beyond him at that moment .	17	Singular
The hope was that anyone looking for the Aunt would see the family post and know that help was available .	1	Singular
The below site from the US government verifies this - it 's the same for Canada , too .....	2	Singular
They were chirping and doing their every day business .	5	Plural
can anyone tell me exactly what it is and what took place ?	11	Singular
The North Pole was one of these places , I remember .	9	Singular
Argentina intend to press ahead even given the concern about taxes , etc .	10	Plural
Potty outside will come at some point .	6	Singular
Not only am I being bilked for money I do not owe , the office staff is rude to boot .	16	Singular
I went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000 etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info it s greatly appreciated .	4	Singular
Strings of dusty niggers with splay feet arrived and departed ; a stream of manufactured goods , rubbishy cottons , beads , and brass-wire set into the depths of darkness , and in return came a precious trickle of ivory .	29	Singular
Plus the drinks are self service , have fun trying to negotiate the small cafeteria space to get your coffee , juice or water .	5	Singular
Hidden in this laundry list -- and in the pile of studies examined by the Pew researchers -- is one of the fundamental chasms dividing participants in the global warming debate .	9	Singular
But your cat is passing a LOT of urine , and this is bad .	6	Singular
If Keeper is close to their hoops they are safe from being hit by bludgers .	6	Plural
Neither was this day less fortunate to his father Philip ; for on the same day he took Potidea ; >> - JOHN AUBREY , F.R.S.	8	Singular
Many of the children were sent to Mujahedeen schools , particularly in France .	8	Plural
A CSS merely allows you to specify the formatting of each XML element without much control over the output .	3	Singular
Will we be allowed to take duty free bottles onto our connecting flight to Christchurch ?	6	Singular
My parents did n't send for my birth certificate until I was 16 and needed it for summer employment .	6	Singular
I Highly Recommend , The Law Offices Of Dale Gribow !!	6	Plural
Neither was this day less fortunate to his father Philip ; for on the same day he took Potidea ; >> - JOHN AUBREY , F.R.S.	3	Singular
I have to say the value of this place always amazes me .	0	Singular
I have a 4 months Shih Tzu puppy .	7	Singular
And it should be noted in passing that Kerry has personally questioned Bush ’s service , while Bush has not personally questioned Kerry ’s .	18	Singular
Quality is estimated to be a Mars type crude with 25 - 27 API Gravity and 1.5 - 2.0 % sulfur .	19	Singular
Mike	0	Singular
We had the ants in an observation nest , and I could just look at them for hours , watching them go about .	10	Singular
The Dutch students have yet to decide if they will be commercializing their electric motorcycle .	14	Singular
is it a gud option for casual / formal functions photography ?????	10	Singular
We do n't want to have to give anyone permission to use our recordings , we want anyone to use them for whatever they want .	0	Plural
PivotTable view with nested custom groups	5	Plural
The origin of the city 's name is unknown , however , the word łódź translates to " boat " in English .	13	Singular
The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting developers .	3	Singular
The 22 member countries of the Arab league , from Mauritania to the Gulf States , have a total population of 300 millions , larger than the US and almost as large as the EU before its expansion .	3	Plural
However , if you use a particular logo for the on - line service , that should be registered .	7	Singular
As their eyes met , Quinn suddenly felt that Stillman had become invisible .	2	Plural
These links present the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called Chernobyl :	0	Plural
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive . Valeska Paris	27	Singular
Some Christian scholars criticize Tolle 's teachings , while others praise them .	2	Plural
Stan :	0	Singular
i 've seen that ....... that does not help me at all it says what cubism influenced not what influnced cubism	20	Singular
Food is awful and the place caters to the yuppy crowd .	6	Singular
By completing this maglev line , I think the government is expecting bigger economical development in Japan .	16	Singular
How can I make my password strong ?	2	Singular
I have already submitted my resume and cover letter right after the talk .	5	Singular
Marly asked me to respond to you .	2	Singular
Create an account .	0	Singular
This was not considered particularly bizarre ; other American ambassadors and ministers in the Arab world were entirely in favor of " genuine " revolution to overthrow old landowners , rich crooks , and politicians .	1	Singular
Nor is it Kosovo , which became independent at the same time that its governmental structures were being forged .	1	Singular
He had emerged into a dingy alleyway that seemed to be made up entirely of shops devoted to the Dark Arts .	15	Plural
A bit pricey , so I did n't go very often , but it was always a treat when I did .	17	Singular
Do they act like they own the place , or act like the ' big dog ? '	1	Plural
My canon t2i stops working at times as in the power bottom is switched to " on " but the camera does not respond to any function .	0	Singular
Making his way through the press of oncoming bodies , Quinn made a tour of the numbered gates , looking for hidden staircases , unmarked exits , dark alcoves .	22	Plural
- GPSA Guaranty.doc	2	Singular
But that 's ridiculous , Roly .	5	Singular
The Sunni AMS told Iraqis , " You sinned when you participated with occupation forces in the assault on Najaf , and beware lest you repeat this same sin in Fallujah .	30	Singular
M.D. Nalapat , an expert on jihad , is professor of geopolitics at the Manipal Academy of Higher Education , India .	4	Singular
How does late January sound to you .	1	Singular
Aner Shalev is an Israeli mathematician and writer born in 1958 in Kibbutz Kinneret , Tiberias .	12	Singular
It called a " ploy " the assertaion that the attack was merely on foreign fighters at Fallujah .	4	Singular
The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States .	24	Plural
Of course , the Minutes for tomorrow 's sitting will take into account any additional explanations .	8	Singular
While L'Enfant was in New York City , he was initiated into Freemasonry .	2	Singular
Chris Abel Manager , Risk Controls Global Risk Operations chris.abel@enron.com < mailto:chris.abel@enron.com > 713.853.3102	2	Singular
A 1970 evaluation said Bush “ clearly stands out as a top notch fighter interceptor pilot ” and was “ a natural leader whom his contemporaries look to for leadership . ”	29	Singular
It definitely has ambitions to rule vast areas and to expand in all directions .	7	Plural
Jens Otto Harry Jespersen or Otto Jespersen ( Danish : [ ʌtˢo ˈjɛsb̥ɐsn̩ ] ; 16 July 1860 – 30 April 1943 ) was a Danish linguist who specialized in the grammar of the English language .	31	Singular
Vava’u is a group of more than 50 islands in Tonga , about 150 miles north of Tongatapu .	1	Singular
Since then , India has talked peace while always signaling that only the status quo would be acceptable as a final settlement : a line of action that is followed in the case of disputes with China as well .	36	Singular
On Thursday , the 3rd of November , the mayor of Saint - Gaudens ( in the Haute - Garonne region ) decided to suspend the urban development agreement with the government formed in 2014 .	20	Singular
Typically , we receive both FX and inflation from you , but both curves may not always be used .	5	Singular
This was after I brought the car !!!! !	6	Singular
12/14/2000 02:49 PM	2	Singular
The Union of Rationalist Atheists and Agnostics ( UAAR ) has launched a petition which now has more than 11,000 signatures , asking the government to respect and execute the sentence of the Supreme Court .	20	Plural
Norton would later add " Protector of Mexico " to this title .	0	Singular
This was the first book Balzac released under his own name , and it gave him what one critic called " passage into the Promised Land " .	15	Singular
This is a Ralph 's	1	Singular
I would like to make that crystal-clear .	5	Singular
The range of data types , reserved words , and wildcard characters are different in each query mode .	11	Plural
It has often been said that " True love is just around the corner " ... and maybe ... if you have n't found it as yet - you possibly soon will .	0	Singular
You will find the people of Tulsa love their city and they have that southern charm , so they are willing to help you find your way around .	6	Singular
A minute or two is great for breaking the ice , but much more can get boring fast .	9	Singular
The population of Łódź soared from some 4,000 people in the 1830s and 40,000 in 1865 to over 300,000 inhabitants at the turn of the century , which was an unprecedented growth on a worldwide scale .	25	Singular
The harmonisation of national laws is the only means to prevent such barriers to trade and unfair competition .	4	Plural
In general , avoid doing the following to prevent problems caused by mixing queries created under different ANSI SQL query modes :	9	Plural
Of course , the potential of educated , empowered women to drive sustained economic growth is not limited to South Korea .	4	Singular
The smokehouse ca n't be beat anywhere .	1	Singular
Bush is in Santiago for the annual Asia - Pacific Economic Cooperation ( APEC ) leaders meeting .	3	Singular
please let me know if you need anything else	2	Singular
From there his mind drifted off to the accounts he had read of Melville 's last years – the taciturn old man working in the New York customs house , with no readers , forgotten by everyone .	2	Singular
Other pro-Beijing elected were FTU 's Kwok Wai-keung and DAB 's Horace Cheung .	4	Singular
As a result there was a problem with the weapon jamming .	2	Singular
Response : The US must do whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of the Pakistani government .	3	Singular
Noel Ryan	0	Singular
For example , I am concerned when I buy the monthly bus passes and I have to fill in my SS number .	4	Singular
Of course not . But I mean the book inside the book Cervantes wrote , the one he imagined he was writing .	12	Singular
Please let me know if you need anything else .	2	Singular
Yes storage for your luggages is still available at Gare Montparnasse .	10	Singular
Finally , in this time of natural disasters , I would just like to mention the issue of the use of Structural Funds .	22	Plural
Response : The US must do whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of the Pakistani government .	7	Singular
I want to know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a report , not a legislative proposal , and whether that is something I can competently do on Thursday .	8	Singular
Starlin took over as plotter the following issue , and began developing an elaborate story arc centered on the villainous Thanos , and spread across a number of Marvel titles .	7	Singular
Mr President , ladies and gentlemen , the present proposal for a regulation is certainly to be welcomed .	1	Singular
There were 2 in our group , and a 3rd person was also in the parking lot waiting for this class .	16	Singular
My only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task .	11	Plural
My car broke down and roadside towed my vehicle to Sussman Kia .	8	Singular
Now that Oxitec has conducted promising field trials in the Cayman Islands , Malaysia , and Brazil , it is preparing to conduct trials in other countries , including the United States .	6	Singular
By setting properties from the View menu , you can enable mixed mode security .	6	Singular
He has said that the Iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes needed to weaponize anthrax .	5	Plural
Sent by : Jeff Dasovich	4	Singular
( 3 ) These rights and freedoms may in no case be exercised contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations .	6	Plural
The Halls had one child , Elizabeth , who married twice but died without children in 1670 , ending Shakespeare 's direct line .	14	Plural
I also appreciate their honesty .	0	Singular
When i put him off of my bed , he jumps back on and same thing .	10	Singular
Yemenia Airlines offers one flight per week on Thursday morning .	2	Singular
India keeps what it has while Pakistan and China ( which was gifted a slice of the territory three decades ago ) do likewise .	11	Singular
Other aspects of a civilized society must also have limitations .	1	Plural
In addition , when you choose to save the data as XML , you can specify that the data be transformed to a custom display format by using an existing .xsl file .	31	Singular
Shahar leads me down from the Mishkenot Sha'ananim , which stands on a slope and faces Mount Zion and the Old City , to the Gai-Hinnom ( Gehenna of tradition ) , where worshipers of Moloch once sacrificed their children .	6	Plural
And by 2007 , at the height of its popularity ( and , perhaps , Knightley 's ) it was a top 50 name , with three times more babies named Keira than Kiera .	18	Singular
Dr. Chao you are the best dentist I have ever had .	6	Singular
Molly	0	Singular
The price of crude oil on the international market hit a record $ 70.85 a barrel due to the vulnerability of oil and gas fields in the Gulf of Mexico .	4	Singular
In this time visitors will come to the house , pay their respects to the desisted and their family and have a couple of cups of tea with a sandwich or a bun .	2	Singular
The oldest known historical reference to the city is to be found on an inscription of conquered sites at Thutmose 's temple at Karnak .	8	Singular
According to the programme , she will speak at 23.45 .	3	Singular
- McCAFE Drink	1	Singular
Yeah , I thought that the holding his mouth thing sounded wrong .	2	Singular
You have to take more into account the whole question of , not just giving aid , but fair trade .	15	Singular
He has clearly gone on enjoying killing people on a large scale in Iraq .	11	Singular
Fort Lee is a small town but is piled high with apartment buildings .	5	Singular
There was one Paul Auster in Manhattan , living on Riverside Drive – not far from Quinn 's own house .	3	Singular
Other pro-Beijing elected were FTU 's Kwok Wai-keung and DAB 's Horace Cheung .	9	Singular
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned global warming , clean air , clean water , pollution or environment in his 2004 State of the Union speech .	14	Singular
In a statement to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation , the Church denied these allegations :	10	Singular
" I am frankly revolted by the response of the Bush - Bashers ; " Sorry chaps , but you did have it coming ... "	10	Singular
Users have full functionality and interactivity with components , including run-time and design-time capabilities .	5	Singular
Constantine the Great - later responsible for making Christianity the official religion of the Roman Empire - was first proclaimed Emperor in the city .	17	Singular
The " trillion spore " issue was at the heart of a lot of mistaken theories of the matter concluding that state sponsorship was necessarily indicated .	3	Singular
It was a natural thing , but I never coined myself as ' The Mets Poet . '	15	Singular
Wikinews caught up with her in a cafe in the leafy Melbourne suburb of Preston .	7	Singular
This article outlines how to plant and harvest basil .	0	Singular
Across the way , occupying the greater part of the station 's east wall , was the Kodak display photograph , with its bright unearthly colors .	18	Singular
10 m - Estimated number of people worldwide who took to the streets on 21 February 2003 , in opposition to the invasion of Iraq , the largest simultaneous protest in world history .	19	Singular
I ca nt speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us ( the patient ) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you .	18	Plural
Finishing the largest item on your list of things to do will make you feel extra productive and give you the boost to do other things you ’ve been pushing to the side .	21	Singular
Further to your call attached is a presentation I gave at the Canadian Risk Managers Conference in Edmonton in the fall of 2000 .	3	Singular
It was the first time i had left a salon with my hair curly .	11	Singular
Entering the 747 , my wife , Alexandra , and I are enfiladed by eyes that lie dark in hairy ambush .	10	Singular
Salad bar is hit and miss for freshness - sometimes the broccoli looks browned around the edges .	16	Plural
As a result , Tulsa breaks the Oklahoma stereotype of being nothing but a flat , arid dust bowl .	18	Singular
We were in Santa Fe for a special event and our hosts rented out the El Paradero for all their guests to stay at .	16	Singular
Robb says it is " like an experimental novel in which the female protagonist is always trying to pull in extraneous realities but which the hero is determined to keep on course , whatever tricks he has to use .	25	Singular
WASHINGTON , DC – The International Monetary Fund is an immensely useful organization , able to deliver substantial amounts of financial and technical assistance at short notice to almost any place in the world .	23	Singular
There are parallel shortcomings in many other markets .	3	Plural
What results are two completely separate reviews of “ The Rains of Castamere ” which in turn document the fans ’ reactions to the episode in the form of user comment threads :	24	Singular
The population increased , as many people from Luzon and the Visayas came to work either as fishermen or miners .	11	Singular
So I say : I 'm at the Radison Warwick hotel in Rittenhouse Square ( built in 1926 ) do you deliver to the Warwick ?	12	Singular
HORRIBLE SERVICE AND FOOD	3	Singular
<< He could do little during the day , for Murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite Lucas , or Lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness .	35	Singular
Their location , the northwest corner of S. 10th & Federal Sts. , is now home to Slice Pizza .	11	Plural
Mweta had the mummified look of one who has become a vessel of ritual .	4	Singular
She stayed because I held her there by looking at her , the way you can sometimes will a dog into submission .	5	Singular
It makes life very difficult for Members , Commissioners and the press .	11	Singular
Make sure the shelter box has no nails or safety hazards .	10	Plural
Also , he loves teaching so much , his price is unbeatable , but that does not change his level of skill .	10	Singular
It was a standard eight-and-a-half-by-eleven notebook with one hundred pages .	5	Singular
Bogd Khaan said that both Mongolia and China had been administered by the Manchu during the Qing , and after the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911 , the contract of Mongolian submission to the Manchu had become invalid .	13	Singular
And that explains the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga 's four - day visit to India recently .	28	Singular
Saddam Hussein did not invade Kuwait , endanger Saudi Arabia and butcher his own people because of Israel .	5	Singular
He had wanted to take in the details of what he was seeing , but the task was somehow beyond him at that moment .	10	Singular
Because of such talk , Posada has been taken into custody by Immigration officials .	12	Singular
Celebrities , fans and even CNN reporters are dressing up like " Stranger Things " characters this holiday .	15	Plural
But while the ( otherwise perishable ) thoughts are still fresh in my mind from the hearings on Monday and Tuesday , I wanted to throw out some observations for discussion in the days / weeks ahead .	20	Singular
You can also remove fields that you no longer want to see from the PivotTable view layout .	14	Singular
The application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods can help Enron to improve further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor fuel .	10	Plural
When we adopt the Minutes for today 's sitting tomorrow , then any Members who think the positions have not been explained clearly enough may ask for amendments .	17	Plural
The current waiting period is eight weeks .	3	Singular
This is one of the worst places I have stayed , we cut out stay short and went to the Mulberry .	6	Plural
Artists reach people at their heart ; it ’s the only time we meet in one place and put our differences aside .	7	Singular
Next to the door was a tall wrought-iron candle holder — the kind that stood at either end of the altar .	12	Singular
Barrie enrolled at the University of Edinburgh where he wrote drama reviews for the Edinburgh Evening Courant .	8	Singular
Will businesses that were new in 2005 have become a household name due to their efforts in rebuilding the gulf coast ?	10	Singular
" His labyrinthine city provided a literary model used later by English novelist Charles Dickens and Russian author Fyodor Dostoevsky .	17	Singular
$ 300 m - Amount cut from the federal programme that provides subsidies to poor families so they can heat their homes .	9	Singular
Today we have two directives before us , including this one on capital income .	1	Plural
They wear extremely loud shirts , blue-green sprigged with red berries , but they strike me as good fellows and are neat and nimble about the table .	18	Plural
For one thing is clear :	3	Singular
Where does all her energy come from ? Or that voice , which can blast out with a force to induce shockwaves ?	10	Singular
Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter to chapter .	24	Singular
Ukraine , with its high - quality human capital and diversified economy , is a potentially attractive investment destination .	8	Singular
News of the company ’s deceit - which had run for years - wiped tens of billions of euros from VW 's value and cost chief executive Martin Winterkorn his job .	26	Singular
10 - Number of days that the Pentagon spent investigating a soldier who had called the President " a joke " in a letter to the editor of a Newspaper .	2	Singular
Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy , even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery ( as he had twice stated i must agree to ) .	13	Singular
If you 're looking for homestyle Japanese food , you ca n't beat this	7	Singular
She is no-nonsense .	1	Singular
Eugene A. Nida ( November 11 , 1914 – August 25 , 2011 ) was a linguist who developed the dynamic-equivalence Bible-translation theory and one of the founders of the modern discipline of Translation Studies .	27	Plural
Harry had never met either of them , but knew that Charlie was in Romania , studying dragons , and Bill in Egypt , working for the wizard 's bank , Gringotts .	14	Singular
The Green Group fully agrees with Mr Spencer that we must preserve this proposal for a CO2 tax .	4	Singular
I also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of services that I did not need .	12	Singular
he will be freaked out , so going back to his territory will make him much happier .	14	Singular
That sounds like a BS excuse from ECS , but it that 's what they are saying , let me know and we can figure out a solution .	4	Singular
As I mentioned , please let me know when it is ready , and I will send someone to pick it up .	6	Singular
It is n't about finding the meaning of life at work .	8	Singular
We had the ants in an observation nest , and I could just look at them for hours , watching them go about .	3	Plural
Arrogance and smugness is often a reflection of limited life experience , and feeling concerned that those with greater life experience " have got something over them " .	6	Singular
The terms of office of the members thus appointed shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office at the time of accession .	16	Plural
so i live in Invercargill New Zealand and i want to know if there are any good places to buy an ice - cream sundae from other than mc donald s lol	21	Singular
Kesha and Pebe co-wrote the song " Stephen " together when Kesha was 16 , Kesha then tracked down David Gamson , a producer that she admired , from Scritti Politti who agreed to produce the song .	23	Singular
Oh well , I 'll get it when it comes out in Febuary .	8	Singular
Decent place to stay , I would stay there again .	5	Singular
It specifically discusses in several passages the socially and culturally degenerative effects of war on humanity itself .	5	Plural
A sender purporting to be islamist sent cyanide in both early 2002 and early 2003 in New Zealand and ingredients of nerve gas in Belgium in 2003 .	24	Singular
As early as 1926 , Meyer had written to Irène Joliot - Curie suggesting that Rona work with her to learn how his laboratory could make their own polonium samples .	12	Singular
Yes , it would be an execution punishment .	6	Singular
The origin of the word Hispania is much disputed and the evidence for the various speculations are based merely upon what are at best mere resemblances , likely to be accidental , and suspect supporting evidence .	15	Plural
He reigned only fifteen years , which is evidenced by the incomplete nature of many of his constructions .	7	Singular
EY4096.4 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 F 0 $ 31,180	3	Singular
I 'll take it to my bank tomorrow morning , deposit it in my account , and give you the money when it clears .	13	Singular
Bill -	0	Singular
“ We ’ve requested other nations to help us populate the zoo with different species of animals , including a pig , ” Saqib said .	11	Singular
" Expect the unexpected , " and enjoy the ride !	9	Singular
We need a brief report summarising the experience gained and a clear review .	4	Singular
In part because of that reputation , the gray wolf was nearly exterminated from the lower 48 states by the 1920s , except for a small remnant population on Isle Royale National Park in Michigan 's Lake Superior .	27	Singular
But , even for South Korea 's most highly educated and capable female workers , child rearing is a major career obstacle .	20	Singular
To this end , entertainment media like soap operas , which have emerged as important tools for empowering women in conservative Middle Eastern societies , could be employed .	1	Singular
However , do not purchase tickets until it is a done deal - a lesson I learned following the Ark game last season .	11	Singular
Thanks in advance for your cooperation .	5	Singular
They can cause property damage , create a mess , and produce unpleasant smells .	13	Plural
The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of Ismail Khan , the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month , who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners .	19	Singular
From childhood to old age they remained the same , and a man with the head to see it could theoretically look into the eyes of a boy in a photograph and recognize the same person as an old man .	35	Singular
He had served three terms of three years out there ... Because triumphant health in the general rout of constitutions is a kind of power in itself .	20	Singular
I used to LOVE this place .	5	Singular
And do n't even think about asking to speak to the manager because this guy is , and pardon my French , a jerk .	19	Singular
With your help , we know she can do it !!	4	Plural
Jack Herrick , wikiHow founder interviewed by Wikinews	7	Singular
For instance , you might say something like , " I do n't know why every song on the radio nowadays has a Texas Flynn feature . Does he even have time to record between rehab stints ? "	25	Singular
I visited the damaged area of the 1999 storm near Bhubaneshwar in the summer of 2012 for an invited symposium and summer school on tropical cyclones [ ... ] sponsored by the Indian government .	21	Singular
Pan-democracy camp councillor Wu Chi-wai of the Democratic Party was elected .	2	Singular
He seems to have wished for the Senate and the state to simply act without him and his direct orders were rather vague , inspiring debate more on what he actually meant than on passing his legislation .	15	Singular
The latter date can only have fallen on a Friday if an exceptional leap month had been introduced that year , but this was favoured by Newton .	13	Singular
Harry knew instantly that this was what had been watching him out of the garden hedge that morning .	15	Singular
A restaurant with this many patrons willing to stand in line just to order tacos must be good , right ?	14	Plural
We will change this programme so that the driving force behind it is the future and innovation .	4	Singular
The artwork is excellent and the prices are very reasonable .	6	Plural
I will be traveling in this area in the future and you can be assured that this experience will be helpful in my choice of hotels and Novotel will be my first selection .	9	Singular
Free of polution , free of oil dependency , and free of big business that is bleeding us dry for the short term good ( theirs ) .	15	Singular
As he examined the yoyo , he could hear the child breathing beside him , watching his every move .	4	Singular
Indeed , Sistani 's agents all over the country have been quite active in educating Iraqi Shia on the merits of elections , which has led to the assassination of at least two of them .	16	Plural
When Tulsa expanded beyond the bounds of its original plat , the expanded areas were platted in alignment with the points of the compass .	1	Singular
2 cups water ( or broth )	1	Plural
And it was in a grandmother bar by the waterfront — sipping hot tea with rum and watching over the shoulders of dockworkers playing mah-jongg — that I first heard of the valley of giants .	1	Singular
None of us will be using their services again , which is a shame .	7	Plural
India keeps what it has while Pakistan and China ( which was gifted a slice of the territory three decades ago ) do likewise .	1	Singular
We 've got a page dedicated to issues around hospitals ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/dna/actionnetwork/C55153 ) and a group called NHS SOS have already put up a campaign about ward closures in Cumbria .	7	Plural
I 'm afraid so , he mumbled in his Englishman 's way .	9	Singular
First , the nature of such an investigation is that we lack sufficient information to second - guess ( or even know ) what the FBI is doing .	13	Singular
" ... there is no companion quite so devoted , so communicative , so loving and so mesmerizing as a rat . "	20	Singular
Damascus has been intent for years upon establishing significant military strength to serve as a counterweight to Israel 's overwhelming capabilities .	10	Singular
In a statement issued June 16 , 2004 , the 9/11 Commission Staff concluded that " Al Qaeda had an ambitious biological weapons program and was making advances in its ability to produce anthrax prior to September 11 .	2	Singular
Anyone can become a monkey ; it takes serious study to become a magician .	4	Singular
He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project Novial .	17	Singular
In March 2003 , Mohammed reportedly said that Moussaoui was not going to be part of 9/11 but was to be part of a " second wave . "	9	Singular
I have a friend that has to get rid of one of her cats because of allergies , he is the youngest at 3 years old black , long hair , incredibly friendly .	13	Plural
I can seldom get up much interest in such cases and objects .	9	Plural
At some point , I 'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close ?	12	Singular
When victims and witnesses stay silent , nothing changes .	3	Plural
This last thought reminded him of something important .	0	Singular
Andrew Beresford a.m.beresford@durham.ac.uk Durham University , United Kingdom	7	Singular
22 - Asbestos levels at Ground Zero were 22 times higher than the levels in Libby , Montana , where the W R Grace mine produced one of the worst Superfund disasters in US history .	34	Singular
At age ten Balzac was sent to the Oratorian grammar school in Vendôme , where he studied for seven years .	10	Singular
There had been so many delays already that he did not know who was dead and who was alive , and how they got on – and so on , and so on .	17	Singular
" These estimates coincide with the percentages of new condos entering the rental market upon completion , indicating the important role ( domestic ) investors play in the GTA housing market . "	30	Singular
I 'm in love with the old - growth forest , and I 'm a patriotic American because we have those .	1	Singular
I would appreciate reviews from anyone who has worked with me before in the mental health setting .	16	Singular
I have nothing but respect for people who adhear to non-violence , forgiveness , and charity , but it 's important to remember that Christians ( or ' Smartwolves ' ) do not have a monopoly on that particular lifestyle .	37	Singular
After a while I needed to start thinking about an internship for my M.Sc. studies , and decided to write a couple of professors .	13	Singular
They 'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want , plus all the information you need to apply .	6	Singular
My father put his hand on top of my hair , his palm on my head , and I could feel the bone of my skull and my skin and his hot palm , so dry and strong .	27	Singular
Spring festivities include the ever - popular St Patrick ’s Festival .	0	Singular
i 've seen that ....... that does not help me at all it says what cubism influenced not what influnced cubism	12	Singular
We should resurrect Mike Smith 's note and get him on the call in the attempt to avoid recreating the wheel on this one .	23	Singular
He needs more info about these trades ( i.e. , price info ) and would like to talk with you about it .	21	Singular
For example : austere , acrimony , ebullient , embolden ; in this case , the vowel A might carry with it a negative meaning , whereas E would be positive .	13	Singular
A few days before Christmas 2003 , after a renewed audiotape threat by Zawahiri of attacks , to include in the US homeland , the threat level was raised to orange or " high . "	21	Singular
BRIDGET Vere 's birth : April 6 , 1584 Monday	1	Singular
Within this meager GDP , the gaps between rich and poor are beyond belief and too many of the rich made their money not by succeeding in business , but by being corrupt rulers .	33	Plural
So in a way people often do n't know how to combine the two fields .	14	Plural
104 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned Iraq or Saddam Hussein .	4	Singular
At each station , a red - capped guard presides over the platform and a wheel - tapper walks along the train with a hammer , gently knocking the undercarriage .	24	Singular
Are you free for lunch some day this week ?	7	Singular
Cheer the team today ; ( your boys in orange and blue ) Let them hear you shout as they fight for what 's mightily due	19	Plural
I flung out of his hut ( he lived all alone in a clay hut with a sort of veranda ) muttering to myself my opinion of him .	14	Singular
Bredders take the one that in not very interested and put it alone in a breeeding tank for 3 - 5 days .	21	Plural
Mike Indivero , I understand that Mr. Mike Croall 's release date from NEPCO is Oct 31 , 2001 .	8	Singular
I honestly have no idea what to expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of the embassies costs by the minute - which I really do n't have the money for .	26	Singular
A great breakfast which was included every morning until 9:30 am ; yummy fresh Parisian croissants .	7	Singular
Aspiring derivatives traders certainly will be more confident of their career prospects .	2	Plural
The document is now lost , however , and scholars differ as to its authenticity .	14	Singular
A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and the Middle East .	37	Singular
try to train him to heel , which means to walk round you before he needs to go on a leash , and he may do that .	15	Singular
It is naïve for emerging - market governments to expect major financial centers to adjust their policies in response to economic conditions elsewhere .	6	Singular
Jespersen was a professor of English at the University of Copenhagen from 1893 to 1925 , and served as Rector of the university in 1920 – 21 .	1	Singular
There was bread and butter , more beer , knives and forks , salt and pepper , napkins , and omelettes , two of them , oozing on white plates .	4	Singular
I have a fax machine at home , though , if you prefer .	0	Singular
Would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller meeting in October when we should have worldwide buy - in and commitment to these standards and ( hopefully ) our first draft of a meaningful exception report ?	21	Singular
What you have read in the internet is fairly accurate but of course it does not fit all scenarios .	14	Singular
Kesha and Pebe co-wrote the song " Stephen " together when Kesha was 16 , Kesha then tracked down David Gamson , a producer that she admired , from Scritti Politti who agreed to produce the song .	2	Singular
Dozens of FSLN followers are already celebrating the victory in the Plaza de las Victorias .	8	Singular
Other pan-democrats elected were Leung Yiu-chung of NWSC and James To of the Democratic Party .	9	Singular
She was offered several scripts , television commercials , and stage projects , but none piqued her interest .	6	Singular
He did not like the girl sitting next to him , and it offended him that she should be casually skimming the pages that had cost him so much effort .	5	Singular
With the onset of the automobile , public officials reduced the city 's public transportation services without foreseeing the traffic gridlock and smog that would menace the city by the 1980s .	15	Plural
In a case like this , those governments that are still recommending increased production are being irresponsible .	2	Singular
Ash - Sharq al - Awsat reports that Fallujah was closed Tuesday in a general strike .	3	Singular
That is an utterly ridiculous assumption .	1	Singular
Earlier this year Seagal was given Serbian nationality after offering to set up a martial arts school in the capital Belgrade .	7	Singular
This hotel is adequate enough , but there is an obvious problem with the staff and management .	11	Singular
But , as the criticism of Clinton as First Lady became more caustic , Karel became more empathetic .	4	Singular
We would like to pursue an offer to Rick Fehl prior to the next Executive Committee meeting on May 7 , 2001 .	18	Singular
In a 2003 interview with the Associated Press , Rick Santorum compared legalizing same-sex marriage in the United States to supporting bestiality .	3	Singular
The Liberty also visited its private island Half Moon Cay , Puerto Rico , and Grand Turk .	7	Singular
i want something cheap east to take care of and something to hopefully fit in my room	16	Singular
Those who show up and complain , but are not participating in the working groups and the daily Ercot phone calls , board meetings , etc. are ignored .	0	Plural
If you wish to pick eggs make a acrylic spawning mop .	5	Plural
But I also see that as a fatal misconception , which is doing Sunnis harm , because I do n't believe the US is going anywhere so soon .	11	Singular
you do n't know what that means ?	6	Singular
lol They where super friendly towards us and treated us like people not walking bags of cash .	16	Singular
It was as part of that surveillance in early 2001 that Jafar the Pilot studied tourist helicopters in the NYC area .	19	Singular
I dropped off a sheet metal piece that I needed copied due to th it was needing to be replaced .	15	Singular
" There are several possible explanations for this .	2	Plural
We 're all set for 2:30 on July 12 .	0	Plural
Carroll met Rachel in the Jellicoh College library , where he had a part-time job .	14	Singular
He responded by purchasing a classified advertisement in the Gazette De France , hoping that his anonymous critic would find it .	13	Singular
He gives you a hooded look .	1	Singular
Like fjords , freshwater lakes are often deep .	1	Plural
Here in Jerusalem , when you shut your apartment door behind you you fall into a gale of conversation exposition , argument , harangue , analysis , theory , expostulation , threat , and prophecy .	29	Singular
After that , a strange thing happened .	5	Singular
The magician behind the counter was wise enough not to sell it to me , but instead sold me two books which I still own today - " Scarne on Card Tricks " and " Scarne on Magic Tricks " .	28	Singular
That 's not possible .	0	Singular
In fact , upon hearing the evidence , a former Pakistani prime minister confessed that he would have been more proactive in this area had he known while he was in office what he knows now .	8	Singular
XML syntax ( the tags and their placement in a document ) defines and describes the data in an XML document but does n't indicate how the data should be displayed .	12	Singular
give them time to set up their territories , and once you bring the new kitten out , pay a lot of attention to the male .	20	Singular
In a statement issued June 16 , 2004 , the 9/11 Commission Staff concluded that " Al Qaeda had an ambitious biological weapons program and was making advances in its ability to produce anthrax prior to September 11 .	17	Singular
How does late January sound to you .	3	Singular
They picked my car up in Yarmouth and towed to Bath for a great price .	14	Singular
Serving as a global model for urban rebirth , Cleveland has been named one of the top 10 international visitor hotspots by Travel and Leisure magazine .	7	Singular
Considering the islands ' huge strategic importance , it is amazing how lax New Delhi has been .	6	Singular
Start up your filter ( sponge filters are the best for bettas ) and put in a heater and set it to anywhere between 78 - 82 .	6	Plural
It was good having the girls down .	0	Singular
On my last 6 trips here from the states I used " Fly genesis " based in Seattle , Wa .	4	Plural
Yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son Ahmed Abdul Qadoos , who receives a stipend from the UN for being officially low - IQ due to lead poisoning .	24	Singular
Squares and streets	0	Plural
The problem is whether one cares what happens to the polar bears , checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables .	2	Singular
The plots of Shakespeare 's tragedies often hinge on such fatal errors or flaws , which overturn order and destroy the hero and those he loves .	5	Plural
For whatever reason , President Barack Obama 's administration did not push this item hard in 2013 and early 2014 – and the agenda of encouraging further IMF reform has therefore languished .	28	Singular
Of course not . But I mean the book inside the book Cervantes wrote , the one he imagined he was writing .	5	Singular
Clean paper can be purchased cheaply from moving supply stores .	9	Plural
I believe they have a real study testing the lab work in real world situations now , but it may be some time before those results are released .	24	Plural
The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced " Vilt-two " — the discoverer was German , I believe ) .	22	Singular
Demosisto 's Nathan Law earned a surprise victory as second place in the constituency with 50,818 votes , and becomes the youngest Legislative Council member in Hong Kong 's history .	2	Singular
I suggest you go up to Raging Taco & Raging Burrito a couple of blocks up the street or even Taco Mac .	10	Singular
I live 10 minutes from Cycle City , but I Drove 50 mile south to Peachstate Powersports in LaGrange , dealt with the owner , Levi , and was well taken care of .	9	Singular
They are professional , knowledgeable , and take meticulous care and pride in accomplishing their work .	11	Singular
Are you free for lunch today .	5	Singular
Attached is a spreadsheet that contains the values .	3	Singular
Either create a link between the page and a connection file by setting the ConnectionFile property , or edit the ConnectionString property .	10	Singular
cheapest plastic surgeons in Thailand ?	4	Singular
He was commonplace in complexion , in features , in manners , and in voice .	14	Singular
This was the coup de grâce and encouragement the settlers needed to get their independence .	13	Plural
She has no experience with snakes and has never held one .	5	Plural
Shakespeare 's standard poetic form was blank verse , composed in iambic pentameter .	5	Singular
Look no further than 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue .	6	Singular
Theoretically , a couple could open four Tesco accounts and earn 3 % on £ 12,000 – £ 360 .	12	Singular
To help us better understand the problem , the World Bank and the ONE Campaign recently conducted an unprecedented analysis of the challenges facing women farmers .	25	Plural
Amendment No-6 makes more radical changes to the guideline maps , adding new links and creating new categories of ports .	17	Plural
In the past Muggle Quidditch has mainly been played at colleges in the US , but over the last few years there has been a dramatic rise in the number of community teams .	3	Singular
As with all new year celebrations in Taiwan , the lantern festival is crowded .	12	Singular
There is NO such requirement , in any country of the world .	1	Singular
I might just sell the car and get you to drive me around all winter .	5	Singular
They sell feed and milk bottles at the front and I recommend you buy lots .	8	Singular
The menu has the usual but then they step it up another notch .	9	Singular
This action accelerated the utilities ' move toward bankruptcy and forced the governor to move the state into the power - buying business . "	8	Singular
Cullen and Dykman ( attorneys for Boston Gas Company ) approved all of our changes on the agreement to release the Tenn and Iroq space back to Boston Gas .	21	Singular
Filter out the remaining Skittle " insides " .	6	Plural
In the current study , the responses from two children were not included because they responded the same way to every item through the training and all test items .	14	Plural
Bottom line is that when it 's a small privatly owned resturant like this is you can tell that the owners and employees take pride in their product and service .	22	Plural
76 - Percentage of 215 cities surveyed by the US Conference of Mayors in early 2004 that had yet to receive a dime in federal homeland security assistance for their first - response units .	12	Plural
the economy is down and when enron collapses , the energy industry is going to be in a world of hurt .	11	Singular
I had hear great things about Phet and G&G Automotive so I decided to give him a try .	4	Plural
Well last night while I was sleeping , my hamster escaped from his cage .	4	Singular
They explained that elk in Yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams , a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion .	5	Singular
Hope there is useful grist for the mill here .	2	Singular
Take care .	1	Singular
In 1836 Balzac took the helm of the Chronique De Paris , a weekly magazine of society and politics .	18	Singular
Many tens of thousands of acres were planted in citrus and cotton and other crops , and for many years , intensive , year-round irrigated agriculture formed the basis of the economy .	9	Singular
“ While much of the digital transition is unprecedented in the United States , the peaceful transition of power is not , ” Obama special assistant Kori Schulman wrote in a blog post Monday .	12	Plural
This sounds better than the limitations you were describing in the meeting .	1	Singular
If no .xsl file is specified , the data is saved in standard XML format .	3	Singular
I had been a patient of Dr. Olbina for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on crowns etc .	7	Singular
Heather moving in has been a different story .	7	Singular
I searched all over the internet , but I could not find one place in Tampa Bay that sells morcillas , also known as blood pudding , black pudding and blood sausages .	8	Singular
That 3 % rate also applies to Nectar cardholders looking to borrow from £ 15,001 - £ 19,999 over a period of between two and three years .	20	Singular
Commissioner Brittan should know this .	1	Singular
Please clarify " all " do you intend 10MM for ENA as well ?	3	Singular
I would n't know -- I do n't particularly like scary movies , and I have n't tried this with my pet .	21	Singular
Why don't all profiles have a " Subscribe " button ?	3	Plural
To be Auster meant being a man with no interior , a man with no thoughts .	15	Plural
It is not just company longevity .	1	Singular
I caught the third day of Corey 's Jeopardy run last night here at the office ( yes , I had to come back after the play ... I love my job ! ) .	31	Singular
Here is latest draft of risk memo ( STILL IN DRAFT FORM ) .	1	Singular
I find in Elie Kedourie 's Arabic Political Memoirs facts unknown to most about American diplomacy in the late forties .	4	Singular
I have a splitter / filter between my ADSL and ph line ?	8	Singular
But if the babies were born in American so they would named in other way but still remain " First name " in order to recall about their origination .	27	Plural
" I think everybody knows Andy Warhol 's name , even non-art people , that 's a name they might know because he was such a personality " , Water said .	26	Singular
preferably in San Jose , Palo Alto , San Francisco ..	5	Singular
French women are the ones to say yes , the way we say it is not usually as straigthforward as you propose to do .	4	Plural
Apparently the City informed them that no permit is required .	7	Singular
How FusionRetail has overcome these issues ?	4	Plural
Notwithstanding this , public procurement procedures initiated after accession shall be carried out in accordance with the relevant Union provisions .	5	Plural
Hiller asked , inquiring about Gen. Pervaiz Musharraf , who seized control of the country October 12 .	7	Singular
In case of an earthquake , stay under a sturdy table and do n't go outside as possible debris will fall .	10	Singular
I prefer Advanced auto parts over this crappy place with the meanest people .	6	Singular
Speaking in the parents ' defense , Tom Molomby , SC , said that , as the parents came from India , where homeopathy is in common use , they should be declared not guilty due to cultural differences .	17	Plural
1 ) what the s difference between a modern m16 and Vietnam m 16 ?	9	Singular
Experiment with the flavors of either recipe by replacing the vanilla extract with fragrant ingredients like neroli orange oil , rosewater , orange blossom water or coconut extract .	23	Singular
Sara is working on that with Susan Bailey , another paralegal in our Group .	7	Singular
Mr Hatzidakis now has the floor for one minute , and his will be the last question to Mr van den Broek today .	0	Singular
HOWEVER ... that same web page also states that " The current pass mark is 67 .	5	Singular
In this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to transact on EnronOnline almost a month after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now complaining .	17	Singular
It can take as long as 4 to 4 years before you get flowers .	13	Plural
Opening night , January 23 , 2014 , of the Andy Warhol exhibit of Polaroids and screen prints at the University of Southern Indiana .	1	Singular
I understood it was an Oath to ALL of our people .	9	Plural
Paris claims that she was kept at Flag Land Base in Clearwater , Florida until she was eighteen and then transferred to the Freewinds .	11	Singular
So instead of documenting the dreams it gradually became also like adding creational elements , and I think that somehow through writing my dreams I gradually came to writing , also poems , but mainly stories .	5	Plural
Action Network is also a good place to post details of events , or try to rally together a group if you want to take action in your area .	0	Singular
It was one of the worst World Cups we 've played actually .	8	Plural
The line in the POA is a seperate and distinct measure from the daily collateral .	1	Singular
I will not eat halal meat , so guess what , I opted for foods which were n't a meat dish , there were plenty of other options .	19	Singular
The service department even gave me a ride home and picked me up when my car was finished .	14	Singular
It 's just no longer bureaucratically impolite to openly contest the FBI 's ( former ) theory about a lone , American scientist .	11	Singular
His mother was also killed in the attack .	0	Singular
Make sure he is n't trapped somewhere & put a bowl of food out .	2	Singular
The IIP had also been the main force urging Sunni Arabs to participate in the elections scheduled for January , and had been opposed in this stance by the Association of Muslim Scholars .	31	Singular
When he went home on leave he rioted on a large scale – pompously . Jack ashore – with a difference – in externals only .	5	Singular
Please let them know that I was simply quoting the CEO of a large , regulated utility in California .	6	Singular
The papers found at headquarters of the Mukhabarat , Iraq 's secret police , show that an entourage from Al Qaeda group was sent to the Iraqi capital in March 1998 from Sudan .	27	Singular
The reason for this was proclaimed by a large banner stretched across the upper windows :	3	Singular
I will send the specifics per Andre later today .	4	Plural
Everything reflects the significant event , for the significant event is beyond question historical and political , not private .	10	Singular
Importing queries created under one ANSI SQL query mode into an Access database set to another mode , or exporting queries created under one ANSI SQL query mode to an Access database set to another mode .	20	Plural
In order to improve its prospects , South Korea must pursue economic reform and restructuring , with an emphasis on maximizing its human - capital resources – especially women .	21	Singular
Look at a map and you try to figure out how , in fall of 1999 , you could possibly pull off such an operation without Pakistani facilities .	13	Singular
To emancipate the south , but it was a serious failure .	7	Singular
NOW , THEREFORE , we do hereby Order and Direct Major-General Scott , the Command-in-Chief of our Armies , immediately upon receipt of this , our Decree , to proceed with a suitable force and clear the Halls of Congress .	10	Singular
The doctor bares my mother ’s arm , where the crepey flesh hangs loosely on the bones .	11	Singular
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .	4	Singular
Can somebody give me the names some collages that do post 18 ( degrees or foundation degrees ) in either :	15	Singular
We will still be around to assist them if needed .	0	Plural
Tommy Solomon Statue .	1	Singular
Place is legit .	1	Singular
EY4108.E PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 12,514,373 - $ 265,932	3	Singular
His father , born Bernard - François , was one of eleven children from a poor family in Tarn , a region in the south of France .	16	Singular
I will also add granting / perfection language .	6	Singular
I highly recommend Debi , she does an amazing job , I " love " the way she cuts my hair , extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .	34	Singular
Talk delivered by Haim Harari at a meeting of the International Advisory Board of a large multi-national corporation , April , 2004 :	10	Singular
Another time I 'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where " Mommies " get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason .	24	Singular
We continue to depend on this same virtuous cycle : More readers , means more editors , which creates better instructions , leading again to more readers .	11	Plural
On the fear angle -- talk her into coming to the pet store with you .	12	Singular
The association that represents real estate agents in Ontario says more needs to be done to protect consumers and punish agents found to have engaged in unethical behaviour .	3	Singular
Baghdadis do n't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more , you never know where you might get stuck .	8	Plural
Hard copies of the Comprehensive Settlement , including all declarations and signature pages , are being shipped tonight via US mail to all parties on the service list .?	9	Plural
The beverage is priced at US $ 8.00 , and upon an order for it , the bartender will recount for the customer the definition of the santorum neologism .	12	Singular
I better pass on the Comets game .	5	Plural
I am looking for a position that can utilize my software development and mathematical skills .	11	Singular
I speak of this to Shahar .	0	Singular
I would rate Fran pcs an A + because the price was lower than everyone else , i got my computer back the next day , and the professionalism he showed was great .	17	Singular
It 's a burgeoning neighborhood of performing arts ranging from nightclubs to music halls , avant-garde performance art , and even an improv theater company .	24	Singular
It s Really Good And The Rat Calculater Says Is Big Enough For 5 Rats , But I Would Put A Maximum Of 4 In It Really :)	0	Singular
Ask her about the handsome young man from Texas , and she remembers him 32 years later like it was yesterday .	6	Singular
They would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they do n't want 3 people in that small apartment .	12	Singular
We are the children of poverty , financial and spiritual .	5	Singular
The ghoul in the attic howled and dropped pipes whenever he felt things were getting too quiet , and small explosions from Fred and George 's bedroom were considered perfectly normal .	10	Singular
This is important , but so is enforcement and there are , of course , a number of reasons why we need to pay particular attention to this .	27	Singular
The phones and networks are compatible , so the only reason it would n't work would be if you have , say , a cheap cell phone company ..	1	Plural
> From the shameful history of slavery in America , the injustice of forbidding people to marry is evident as a denial of a basic human right .	26	Singular
There are to many people that need our business to have to put up with this unfair treatment !!!!!	15	Singular
The project is called Stardust @ home .	6	Singular
All the talks about nationalities , etcetera , well , the new age has very little patience for history .	18	Singular
He could forget about the case , get back to his routine , write another book .	15	Singular
Until the 1960s , a dominantly Italian-American neighborhood , it is now a much more diversified neighborhood , home to many restaurants , including some of the city 's best Korean and Ethiopian establishments .	6	Singular
I went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000 etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info it s greatly appreciated .	15	Singular
How much money does the USA give NASA per year ?	5	Singular
In South Korea , Japan , and elsewhere , developing and maximizing women 's potential will require comprehensive education and labor - market reforms , as well as structural change , particularly on the services side of the economy .	29	Singular
Hey there , I 'm trying to find a restaurant in Philly to take my husband tomorrow for his birthday .	18	Singular
These are two areas of action which I invite the Commissioner to set up and in which I would ask him to involve us .	10	Singular
I did n't remember if your email mentioned Judy .	0	Singular
Smutney - Jones also said he was unaware of anyone in the power - generating community being consulted .	0	Singular
In 1992 , grounds of the former puppet theater , which had been left to the commune , were taken over by players and employees .	16	Singular
They shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union if the texts in the present languages were so published .	0	Plural
We look to the Commission also to ensure that there is matched funding for projects .	10	Singular
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 Fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 Email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	3	Singular
The vaults were reached by means of small , goblin-driven carts that sped along miniature train-tracks through the bank 's underground tunnels .	1	Plural
- train / inform new staff and extend the training to sectors that have less benefited from the Pericles programme , namely financial agents , prosecutors and technical staff ;	7	Plural
Holidays with Hags by Gilderoy Lockhart	0	Plural
The single most costly thing we spend on is rent and advertising , those two together make up the bulk of what we spend .	5	Plural
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone .	19	Singular
her long curly hair had sprung out , diademed with raindrops , because she had done her marshmallow toasting outside over the spit fire .	3	Singular
The utilities repeatedly called on FERC to do a " real " investigation , with hearings , testimony , data discovery --- the works .	19	Singular
China has its own reserves of oil and natural gas and once was a net oil exporter .	1	Singular
Net to Enron LNG Marketing Company - $ 272,000 ( $ 0.10 / mmbtu )	4	Singular
Game 8 : Monday , July 2 @ 7:30 PM vs. Portland FIRE	9	Singular
Al - Zawahiri attempted to use Musharraf 's lack of progress in helping the Muslims of that Indian state as a justification for his overthrow .	6	Singular
Great Wine & Service	1	Singular
Be Careful Of Who Your Sales Guy Is	5	Plural
putting the girl in her territory will make her feel less afraid , and she will relax .	14	Singular
We had 30 guests for the event , and everyone came away from the evening impressed with not only the food , but the outstanding service as well .	25	Singular
shorts are primarily worn by laborers and schoolchildren .	0	Singular
absolutely fantastic experience getting my iphone upgraded at Zion ...	8	Singular
187 - Number of Bush - Cheney fund - raisers who had earned Ranger status ( by raising $ 200,000 each ) as of March 2004 .	2	Singular
Your World Series in Question document : was received Kyle Jones / US / AMERICAS / Equant by : at : 01:00:51 PM Today	22	Singular
One day he remarked , without lifting his head , ' In the interior you will no doubt meet Mr. Kurtz . '	8	Singular
We ’ll attack People Magazine ’s coverage of Britney as much as Britney .	6	Singular
I never got a price quote over the phone and they take your cc info just to make the appointment because if you do n't show up , they 'll charge you .	14	Singular
After all she will only be a baby for so long I figure why not enjoy it .	11	Singular
Wires sometimes get crossed . A person tries to call a number , and even though he dials correctly , he gets someone else .	21	Singular
If such a decision is taken with respect to only one of the acceding States this Treaty shall enter into force for that State on 1 January 2008 .	14	Plural
In fact , you probably wo n't ever want to leave .	1	Singular
to the extent reasonably practicable , the Uniform Resource Identifier , if any , that Licensor specifies to be associated with the Work , unless such URI does not refer to the copyright notice or licensing information for the Work ;	36	Singular
The scientists found reduction of crop yields by 2050 exceeded 10 % of 2000 levels , substantially decreasing food security , in all cases examined .	6	Plural
With regard to the aspects of euro protection , where the responsibility belongs to the Member States , expertise was systematically sought in their specialised services .	11	Singular
I will bear in mind however , as these debates are of especial interest to me , that Spain has been particularly affected .	19	Singular
News of the retreat came as a great shock to Danish public opinion which had considered the Danevirke to be impregnable , and General de Meza was promptly relieved of his command .	31	Singular
This campaign season , there have been questions about whether George W. Bush fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s .	18	Singular
The last two nights I have dreamed of dogs in trouble .	4	Singular
As an infant Balzac was sent to a wet-nurse ;	2	Singular
Approx 4 months later , the compressor went out .	2	Plural
UVB and basking temp ( should be about 110 F for a baby , 95 F for an adult ) should be available for 10 - 12 hours a day .	0	Singular
According to many scientists , the early results of global warming — 90 degree Fahrenheit water temperatures in the Gulf and rising sea levels — may have exacerbated the destructive power of Katrina .	7	Plural
Had a meal in this pub and i have to say it was excellant .	11	Singular
During the seasons , it was always the most recent game .	10	Singular
In addition , the need for greater transparency has been pointed out .	7	Singular
If she is nicer when you are alone I 'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend .	17	Singular
From the amount of time spent with us to explain things during the initial quote , to the communication through the approval process to the actual workmanship of the build itself .	4	Singular
Neither was this day less fortunate to his father Philip ; for on the same day he took Potidea ; >> - JOHN AUBREY , F.R.S.	7	Singular
The p-value associated with the design-based F is thus more accurate ( than the associated with the χ2 statistic ) given the adjustments and calculations take into account the weighted nature of the data .	6	Singular
But now the emerging - market blues are back .	7	Plural
France integrated the economy of Cameroun with that of France and improved the infrastructure with capital investments and skilled workers , modifying the system of forced labour .	0	Singular
6 Hakim Mosque , Hakim ( north of Naqsh-e Jahan in the old quarter ) .	4	Singular
We have no way to estimate how many times we 've served it overall , but we 're now pouring around ten a night .	9	Plural
Check these out :	1	Plural
In our example conversation , you might work a joke or two into your music-related small talk .	16	Singular
India	0	Singular
This made him the object of ridicule among his much wealthier schoolmates .	2	Singular
I have used Just Like Family several times now and they have provided great care for my two dogs .	3	Singular
This Directive is a contribution to this .	6	Singular
Beth has made our reservations for the Round Table Friday night ( 5/18 ) at Sullivan 's Steak House for 6:30 .	8	Singular
One side of the memorial is scenes made by student groups while other areas represent the counties of Taiwan .	4	Singular
How can I change my boarding station against the ticket I booked a month back from counter ?	2	Singular
The US chose to ally itself with such groups as the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq , whose 15,000 - strong Badr Corps paramilitary was trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards .	26	Singular
The beverage was inspired by the santorum neologism coined in advice columnist Dan Savage 's column Savage Love in response to comments made by former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum about homosexuality ;	26	Singular
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company ' Moore Noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics .	25	Plural
The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges , I finally gave up , he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful .	32	Singular
The cardinal numbers included in this study were only one through five in order to avoid additional item variability , but larger numbers should be included in future research .	13	Singular
The next meeting of the CAEM Board of Directors will be held on Wednesday , September 12 , at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington , DC .	21	Singular
Quinn had often imagined this situation : the sudden , unexpected pleasure of encountering one of his readers .	11	Singular
My neighbourhood has been surrounded by American troops for three days now , helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop .	19	Plural
3 ) also want an island where I can do fun activities , rainforest is a must	11	Plural
He frequently moved between works in progress , and " finished " works were often revised between editions .	0	Singular
But their parents refused to accept this .	1	Plural
For some reason or other we did not begin that game of dominoes .	9	Singular
The other Canadian recipient of the medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford , 42 , of Hamilton , who was killed Aug. 4 , 2002 , while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife .	18	Singular
There is currently no simple way for the system administrator to create new logon accounts to the locally installed SQL Server database except by using SQL Tools or Transact-SQL ( TSQL ) commands .	5	Singular
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language .	0	Singular
It is a question of appropriateness and of review .	1	Singular
The Internal Revenue Service of the United States of America will function as our trusted intermediary .	2	Singular
I 've been given the opportunity to live in Limerick , Ireland , next year as part of my course .. if you know about Limerick , what are the pros and cons ?	19	Singular
One unnamed naval officer was quoted saying , " Arms smuggling is a very profitable business in this region . "	18	Singular
Although the region is small , it is characterized by unique land and marine biodiversity .	2	Singular
The early voting suggests that this time the Latin Americans will come out to vote in greater numbers , but it is unclear whether the increase will have an impact .	29	Singular
Pardon my questions , but you are the first Englishman coming under my observation ... .	2	Plural
They moved off with their plates of food , and Wentz said to a woman settled in one of the canvas chairs , Margot , here is Colonel Bray .	20	Singular
How do you make your cat adjust to a new house ?	10	Singular
When victims and witnesses speak up , at least sometimes a child is protected , the truth is exposed , and justice is done .	17	Singular
Good to hear from you and I 'm glad you 're available .	6	Singular
My friend and I were to stay here for a girls night , catch up on our lives evening .	1	Singular
Sun. Oct. 1 - Paris to London in afternoon - probably by Eurostar train - ( arrv. London late afternoon )	0	Singular
He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project Novial .	4	Singular
They watched the moths in the tobacco flowers .	0	Plural
The Archbishop is really very handsome , with his full cheeks , his long clear dark-green eyes , and the short strong beard .	1	Singular
If we 're not careful , we 'll have another Head Boy in the family .	10	Singular
This is a significant strategic change and it applies strong pressure on the terrorist countries .	10	Singular
This convention is only slightly relaxed in modern age and now it is still unadvisable among friends to use the given name , but use of the family name is still common .	24	Singular
By the 3rd century the emperor Caracalla made a new division which lasted only a short time .	10	Singular
Evansville , Indiana , United States -	0	Singular
Even if you buy a cake in a baker s you can not be too what happens in the kitchen , for example the cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham .	5	Singular
This type of drop area is not displayed for single charts .	5	Singular
The city regained its importance in Greek civilization , and by 1900 had evolved into a very attractive cosmopolitan city , with abundant neoclassical architecture harking to the nation 's past .	7	Singular
Louisiana 's Governor Blanco urged residents to spend Wednesday in prayer and assured them the crisis would eventually be overcome .	3	Singular
" Because when they bring my chicken dinner this kid with the beard will be in a state , " I explain .	8	Singular
St Anne a very nice but also very touristy city and beach ( maybe the tourists primary area of Guadeloupe ) .	1	Singular
You will feel a growing sense of pride as you visually monitor your ever-diminishing list of projects .	14	Singular
Debra Perlingiere	0	Singular
When creating a new password , be sure that it is at least 6 characters in length and that you use a complex string of numbers , letters , and punctuation marks .	25	Plural
As such , we will distribute net shares calculating the proper withholding at fair market value the day prior to notifying the transfer agent .	15	Singular
Do n't be in a hurry though .	5	Singular
Steve .... proud Range Rover Sport owner ( with rear tints )	3	Singular
My pharmacy order is always correct and promptly delivered but the pharmacy staff are always very short with me and do n't seem to like answering questions .	11	Singular
They could also use regular-length hockey sticks to hit bludgers ( perhaps wiffle balls ) on the ground .	13	Plural
A further nine percent can be eliminated over the next eight years , at a reasonable cost .	11	Plural
Please visit my website to learn more about my practice at www.veraakulov.com .	2	Singular
The Chernobyl Children 's Project ( http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp ) offers several ways to help the children of that region .	8	Singular
They tried to run my credit score as less as possible so it wo n't hurt my score .	16	Singular
During their various collaborations , it is not clear who between the two conceived of some stylistic solutions in the arrangements that later on characterised both artists ' style .	26	Plural
We were very happy how clean looked our windows .	8	Singular
You are individuals of quality , and in our alliance we seek quality of member over quantity of member .	10	Plural
By mid-1962 , Brooks and Carson had largely finished the editing , and were laying the groundwork for promoting the book by sending the manuscript out to select individuals for final suggestions .	16	Singular
We are following up with Sue and Robbie on a couple legal issues , case law and MSA self - certification language , and let me know if you have additional items .	15	Singular
Carol St Clair 05/25/2001 10:56 AM	5	Singular
Several scenarios were considered because of uncertainty of future levels of ozone pollution .	1	Plural
The centerpiece of this rock concert-like performance is a 15 meter high rotating pig equipped with a fog machine , laser light show and theme music .	25	Singular
All are entitled to equal protection against all types of discrimination in violation of this Declaration and against any incitement to any form of discrimination .	19	Singular
Snowman would jump the high fencing that separated the two properties and always return to where he felt was home .	19	Singular
Between them bloomed a long professional and amicable relationship that lasted for years .	12	Plural
Water the mature basil plants once a day , in the morning , so the water has time to soak in and evaporate rather than sitting on the plants overnight .	15	Singular
I do n't hang around with people like that .	0	Singular
maybe buy him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up	16	Singular
The US has strongly opposed a nuclear weapons program of Iran , yet Israel , which to this day has never officially said that they posses nuclear weapons , ranks around fifth in nuclear strength .	7	Plural
Food is awful and the place caters to the yuppy crowd .	5	Singular
" He Would Tear Down Our System Of Checks And Balances , Giving Far Too Much Power To The President . "	1	Singular
In 1820 Balzac completed the five - act verse tragedy Cromwell .	8	Singular
Harry listened anxiously , but there was no sound from the Dursleys bedroom .	8	Singular
China 's insatiable demand for energy is prompting fears of financial and diplomatic collisions around the globe as it seeks reliable supplies of oil from as far away as Brazil and Sudan .	13	Plural
And we 're making the ocean pretty unhappy in a lot of different ways .	9	Singular
Finally a chambermaid stuck her head around the corner from the top of the stairs and told us sternly that we could not be accommodated until 3 M , no exceptions .	30	Plural
i handle him every few days .	0	Singular
Incitement by Arab TV , accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies , has become a powerful weapon of those who lie , distort and want to destroy everything .	19	Plural
And , everyone , all of our friends and all of our acquaintances would say , " Hey , you 'd get along with him really well . "	6	Plural
Email : " engin i. erdem " < erdemen...@gmail.com >	5	Singular
His direction to Eric Holder to enforce some laws and not others is another example .	4	Singular
These reforms need to be agreed , in legislative form , by the US Congress before they can take effect .	9	Singular
He worked on it right on the back of my car .	9	Singular
You can also go to Porte d'Enfer , a beautiful still stripe of sea between a scenery of reefs .	13	Singular
Now that 's a rambling response .	2	Singular
“ Do n’t you quote the founders at me , ” Derya snaps .	11	Singular
In the following example , Year is the outer field and Salesperson is the inner field .	5	Singular
The square is the largest historical public square in the world after Tiananmen Square in Beijing and it is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .	13	Singular
The results of the February 26th PVT test conducted on Nville have been discussed with each of you over the last three months .	10	Singular
We want an original take .	4	Singular
50 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 15 October 2003 .	19	Singular
Ireland receives a lot of rain , with certain areas getting a soaking as many as 270 days of the year .	0	Singular
Here in Jerusalem , when you shut your apartment door behind you you fall into a gale of conversation exposition , argument , harangue , analysis , theory , expostulation , threat , and prophecy .	23	Singular
These agreements were forwarded to the counterparty , CCNG , Inc. .	8	Singular
This means that I could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely , because it would have expired and disappeared by the time I returned .	1	Singular
Musharraf told Clinton he could n't use Pakistani soil or air space to send the team in against Bin Laden .	18	Singular
I – I mean , he faltered as sparks flew from Mrs Weasley 's eyes , that – that was very wrong , boys – very wrong indeed	12	Singular
Cullen and Dykman ( attorneys for Boston Gas Company ) approved all of our changes on the agreement to release the Tenn and Iroq space back to Boston Gas .	6	Singular
1647 : It is called Palace of forty columns , as there are many columns , and in Iranian , 40 means many .	3	Singular
fyi / review / comment	2	Singular
I was gon na have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having Having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places I know are denny 's and ihop .	26	Plural
I hope the owners and employees of this store have broken bedroom suites in their homes and furniture sitting in someone 's warehouse .	0	Singular
- ld2d-#69345-1.DOC	1	Singular
I do hold a HHa certificate in the state of NY but I looking to move to Delaware anyone know how I can get certified in delaware ?	5	Singular
The screw - up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean - counters ( and McNamara was nothing if not a bean - counter ) instead of soldiers in charge of the military .	8	Plural
Give yourself a break .	1	Singular
this is not where the Blue Water Bridge Duty Free is located .	6	Singular
He keeps them in place .	1	Singular
sorry but i ca n't help my stupidity =(	2	Singular
Ahmed Mohamed , a 14-year-old boy from Irving , Texas , was arrested at his school by police after he brought a digital clock he had made to school .	15	Singular
He gave no indication on the value of the highest bid .	10	Singular
The fact is that molecular genetic engineering is more precise and predictable than older , cruder techniques	1	Singular
With 71 goals in 137 international matches , he has shot a record number of goals for the DFB .	15	Plural
" Wei has given some virtuoso performances with brush and ink , often incorporating several different techniques into a single work , " said Gordon S. Barrass , curator of the exhibition .	2	Singular
The reason for advertising the video in Germany is unclear .	1	Singular
Let me know if you have any questions .	1	Singular
The owner warned me that it was the best salsa I would ever had , and he was right .	10	Singular
I 've never had a dwarf hamster but I 've had the same problem with my pet rat I put some chicken wiring around it the I got from home depot and now it ca n't out .	8	Singular
Roland Dando said we probably should be seeing you at the Rhino .	3	Plural
This is Leninism , neat , with neither ice nor bitters .	0	Singular
Restaurant on top was renovated , food was decent , price was way to high for Duluth for quality , new decor seems tacky	18	Singular
I will send the specifics per Andre later today .	6	Singular
I know that the mouse will probably die , but I was wondering if there is any cure for mouse poison ?	15	Singular
Historically , yes , it would happen but not to Adamson , and not to us ?	15	Plural
This town needs some food soul and this is not it .	1	Singular
I 've been a regular customer at this store since it opened , and love the fact that all of the employees are friendly locals .	7	Singular
Attached is a forecast for the rest of the summer for the X ( NWP and PGT ) .	12	Singular
Dozens of FSLN followers are already celebrating the victory in the Plaza de las Victorias .	0	Plural
Email : " The Cat Album " < thecatal...@hotmail.com >	5	Singular
I want to use this opportunity to welcome Brian Ryner to Google !	11	Singular
Since work has gone to hell , I am hoping to find some excitement in the possibility that LSU may play in the Cotton Bowl ( if Rohan " Alabama " Davey shows up for the next 3 games . )	8	Singular
In Tulsa you will find old west charm as well as a cosmopolitan atmosphere .	7	Singular
I do not think , however , that this report has come too late .	10	Singular
I shall spend an entire day at PRC ( performance review ) on Friday , July 7 .	10	Singular
How to Play Muggle Quidditch	3	Singular
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed , the price was Non-Bondad .	6	Singular
His health deteriorated on the way , and Ewelina wrote to her daughter about Balzac being " in a state of extreme weakness " and " sweating profusely " .	19	Singular
The referenced TAGG # was entered as a ' New Counterparty ' , can you please let me know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the counterparty exposure .	10	Singular
The Jewish marriage living to the right of George 's house said that he is an arrogant person who does never return a greeting .	8	Singular
The down side was that sometimes there was a lot of noise in the hallway from other patients / doctors .	2	Singular
The square is the largest historical public square in the world after Tiananmen Square in Beijing and it is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .	1	Singular
I think Valerie Mooney ( our credit person ) and Ed Sacks are still discussing some minor fine tuning of the LOC format .	11	Singular
Their service is top - notch and I especially love the free French champagne served even in Economy .	2	Singular
I also understand that weekend staffs are different than daytime staffs and not necessarily Starbucks A - team or even full - time .	22	Singular
We could certainly slow the aging process down if it had to work its way through Congress .	9	Singular
1596 , dating from the Saffavid era , the avenue is the most historically famous in all of Persia .	18	Singular
Their minds are of the stay-at-home order , and their home is always with them – the ship ; and so is their country – the sea .	14	Plural
Although Balzac was " by turns a hermit and a vagrant " , he managed to stay connected to the social world which nourished his writing .	13	Singular
Rumor also had it some renegade biologist brought a caged pair to Yellowstone and released them into the wild sometime in the 1970s , hoping to reestablish a breeding population .	3	Singular
But it is less clear how the government will create additional jobs for women .	13	Singular
After the Russian Revolution in 1917 , some countries , such as Finland , Poland and the Baltic States , won their independence .	8	Plural
Most of us believe in crafting laws and instilling order .	2	Plural
This makes your first language a proto-language — a language that branches off into a family of languages .	11	Singular
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department .	10	Singular
I am taking my wife out for our first year wedding anniversary and we both agree that we want a good steak .	4	Singular
One member actually was convicted of beating his teen daughter unconcious when she ran away from ' marriage ' to her father 's own brother .	24	Singular
I got yelled at , literally yelled at because i asked if i could pick up my car 5 - 10 minutes late .	9	Singular
We tried 4 different style of donuts , they were all the same when it came to quality .	6	Plural
So totalling $ 212 just for start before any work started .	9	Singular
I also have a profile they fill out for me , a mini-MMPI that I developed , so that I have an idea -- Rebecca and I put it together	19	Singular
I do n't know if this has been verified .	0	Singular
Also , Beardies often do not eat food that is not moving , so it s anyone 's guess whether or not he 'll touch the freeze - dried crickets or the processed food .	22	Singular
In other places , it may mean increasing women 's access to markets , or introducing labor - saving tools to help them get the highest yield from their land .	16	Singular
IN MY OPINION SHOULD OF JUST TOOK OFF THE PRICE OF THE WINGS FROM THE BILL .	12	Plural
I spent quite a bit because I spoil my little princess .	8	Singular
Before and during his career as a writer , he attempted to be a publisher , printer , businessman , critic , and politician ;	9	Singular
When having your car worked on you have to trust the mechanic & this Midas is truly someone you can trust !	17	Singular
The impact depends on a number of aspects .	5	Singular
The report says the decline in iodine intake appears to be due to changes in the dairy industry , where chlorine-containing sanitisers have replaced iodine-containing sanitisers .	1	Singular
We feel that the Internet provides an effective way of avoiding that stranglehold .	5	Singular
In addition , we 've used our revenue on things like buying carbon offsets to become carbon neutral .	9	Plural
It is this circle that makes sure that women remain inferior , that democracy is unthinkable and that exposure to the outside world is minimal .	13	Singular
He could become severly dehydrated ( especially if he continues to vomit and have diarrhea ) .	8	Singular
1575 Leonardo beats Ruy Lopez in Madrid .	4	Singular
He added : " This has been one step in a long journey of finding the right combination for male hormonal contraception . "	0	Singular
Madam President , the importance of transport safety is highlighted on a regular basis in this Parliament and rightly so .	15	Singular
" To arrive at the truth " , he wrote in the preface to Le Lys dans La Vallée , " writers use whatever literary device seems capable of giving the greatest intensity of life to their characters .	12	Singular
Phoenix is the capital of the state of Arizona as well as the most populous city in the American Southwest and sixth largest city in the United States .	0	Singular
Look inside yourselves parents , is this you ?	5	Singular
From there his mind drifted off to the accounts he had read of Melville 's last years – the taciturn old man working in the New York customs house , with no readers , forgotten by everyone .	8	Plural
By this time , " her skin was weeping , her body malnourished and her corneas melting " , according to the Sydney Morning Herald .	11	Singular
The two paintings by Lucas Cranach the Elder on display are especially eye - catching .	2	Plural
Mr. Villega is an exceptional California criminal defense lawyer .	8	Singular
Arthritis of the spine , neck , waist and other joints will be removed .	5	Singular
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( Phone ) 713-646-3393 ( Fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	11	Singular
He also built and renovated five traditional markets in 2013 and four traditional markets in 2014 .	0	Singular
I would also like to point out , Madam President , that this Parliament voted to express its confidence in President Prodi during the previous legislature .	25	Singular
They are hoping Corp will foot the bill for a pilot which will allow them to fully test this tool before implementing it company - wide .	19	Singular
Mr. MURPH ARCHIBALD ( Nephew of Red Blount ) : Well , I was coming in early in the morning and leaving in mid-evenings .	1	Singular
The project eventually was terminated but Larry and Bob decided to finish what they started and bring it to the world .	17	Singular
Light came out of this river since – you say Knights ?	5	Singular
Hopefully President Bush can accomplish these goals which will not only help strengthen our Chinese allies , but will also help fight the war on terror .	5	Plural
Mr President , Commissioner , I should first like to congratulate Mr Koch on his reports which , though technical , are nonetheless of very great significance for safety .	15	Plural
The report contains a number of proposals for tax concessions which many other speakers have mentioned in this evening 's debate .	13	Plural
Balzac ( 20 May 1799 - 18 August 1850 ) was a French novelist and playwright .	13	Singular
In the mid-town area the names are taken from colleges and college towns .	5	Plural
I remember one of our ads that I had put in said , " If you think nice girls do n't do S&M , " -- I forgot what the rest of it said --	30	Singular
Furthermore , Indians lack access to insurance programs , particularly for outpatient care .	7	Plural
1572 Ruy Lopez defeats several eminent players in Rome .	1	Singular
Arial photos of the lab were uranium is being enriched , somewhat like those of chemical weapons stockpiles in Iraq .	17	Plural
Carnival and Royal Caribbean are two popular cruise lines that have strong followings .	0	Singular
Her father Mohammed Hadid Muhammad al-Hajj Husayn Hadid was a wealthy industrialist from Mosul .	3	Singular
The last two nights I have dreamed of dogs in trouble .	10	Singular
Sinh Cafe is not a Cafe .	1	Singular
You are the only one auto glass repair shop in the area I would count on .	12	Singular
I was looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an opportunity to buy back the calls you sold .	1	Singular
Ironically sometimes it is wise to newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs .	2	Singular
It was a pretty stilted conversation for both of us .	0	Singular
The mycelium infuses all landscapes , it holds soils together , it 's extremely tenacious .	2	Singular
Furthermore , before and after the implementation of the intervention , we performed a D2 Test of attention that measures selective and sustained attention , as well as visual scanning accuracy and speed .	14	Singular
Our fence was installed quickly in August and they had their money and left saying " Workmanship is guaranteed for a year ! " .	10	Plural
We have since moved slightly further away from the centre but it 's worth the extra travel , as the care provided exceeds our expectations ... especially after a few horrendous daycare experiences elsewhere .	24	Plural
Their new dwelling was a five-minute walk from Tokyo 's ill-famed red-light district , the Yoshiwara .	11	Singular
Installed Biometrics and Got Excellent Service .	5	Singular
I 'm looking for suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area and the where to's .	0	Singular
it 's got the character of the miners ' pub it was , but it 's very handy for the new government offices , not too overawing , so you get quite a few Africans coming in .	15	Singular
For the avoidance of doubt , where the work is a musical composition :	9	Singular
The last programming exercise for the pre - accession assistance referred to in paragraph 1 shall take place in the last year preceding accession .	17	Singular
that is precisely the time when you may , if you wish , raise this question , i.e. on Thursday prior to the start of the presentation of the report .	19	Singular
237 - Minimum number of misleading statements on Iraq made by top Bush administration officials between 2002 and January 2004 , according to the California Representative Henry Waxman .	14	Plural
A Bronze Age astronomical observatory was constructed there around 1900 BC and continuously served the nearby community that lived there until about 700 BC .	2	Singular
We have and will have children of our own , grandchildren too .	5	Plural
Answer	0	Singular
The family suite was basically two rooms with a small opening between them which worked great for us because we were two families traveling together .	19	Plural
Consequently , I feel we must look to the future and establish guidelines for the mid - term review in 2003 , and thus have an influence on the second phase of programming set to follow 2003 .	25	Singular
The latter date can only have fallen on a Friday if an exceptional leap month had been introduced that year , but this was favoured by Newton .	18	Singular
For the last year SNY has broadcast footage of me with my poems , so quite a few fans known about the " Mets Poet ' .	24	Singular
If you have a pet store near buy some wheat , pigeon corn or even mixed bird seed will do , but do not feed bread .	12	Singular
Karim - this 's likely the explanation to your other question ...	10	Singular
She was always being sent to pick up people when arrangements went wrong ;	0	Singular
If India could transform its IP regime to resemble the US system , which is more robust than China 's , the benefits would be even greater .	22	Plural
However there were visible signs of a crackdown on the Pakistan side .	10	Singular
Just as he opened his mouth to speak , he was interrupted by a clattering of keys at the front door , the sound of the door opening and then slamming shut , and a burst of voices .	2	Singular
I 've booked Videoconference Room # 1 .	4	Singular
They have a BLAST so the sooner they get there , the sooner they can have fun .	13	Plural
Susan Scott	0	Singular
Grand - standing is ignored .	3	Singular
In 1955 , Mishima took up weight training and his workout regimen of three sessions per week was not disrupted for the final 15 years of his life .	14	Plural
Even if you can figure out what is wrong with this poor poneh , there is always the chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again in the future .	12	Singular
The two paintings by Lucas Cranach the Elder on display are especially eye - catching .	9	Singular
Ballet began in royal courts in the early 1600's , and early forms of this elegant and sophisticated art involved long skirts and wooden clogs .	14	Singular
Take your time and really explore the Maya sites , walk for miles along the Gulf of Mexico , attend a village festival , photograph the wildlife , crawl through a cave or swim in a cenote .	17	Singular
Equine collages uk NEED HELP !!!?	1	Plural
First and Last time we 'll eat there	3	Singular
worse , accepting Russia 's terms would ratify the idea that powerful countries may bully less powerful neighbors into doing their bidding , to the point of surrendering their independence .	17	Plural
i cold n't find anywere else local to fix it so i took it there and they fixed it for $ 150 ...	9	Singular
If you would prefer to settle the taxes with a personal check , we can distribute gross shares .	7	Plural
When you move a field to the column area , the unique items of data are displayed across the columns .	19	Plural
hope this helps !!	2	Singular
The following illustration shows how the PivotTable view will look after the captions of the custom group field and custom groups have been changed .	16	Singular
It emphasizes consumerism , the belief that success always goes to people who merit it due to their abilities , dedication and qualifications , and reinforces , rather than changes , existing ideas related to gender , ethnicity and nationality .	7	Singular
Rebecca Edwards came in from the veranda , smiling good-naturedly , inquiringly , under the remarks shied at her .	1	Singular
What sort of Hotel could I expect to find in New Delhi / Agra / Varanasi for rs 500 per night ?	11	Singular
I am looking for people who would like to play D & D 3.5 and live in or around the Chillicothe , OH area .	1	Singular
Prominent Builders in New Jersey are one the best building contractors , I was referred to them by my friend , I am so glad I used them for my Home renovation , and addition .	4	Singular
In addition , is there someone who could consider the correlation between US CPI and the $ / euro exchange rate .	16	Singular
It remains unclear if these figures represent real individuals , or if the authorial " I " who addresses them represents Shakespeare himself , though Wordsworth believed that with the sonnets " Shakespeare unlocked his heart " .	4	Plural
Prominent Builders in New Jersey are one the best building contractors , I was referred to them by my friend , I am so glad I used them for my Home renovation , and addition .	1	Plural
While there was some fur and blood on the nine - centimetre blade , Dr. Fortier said he does n't think he hurt the bear badly .	2	Singular
As a shortcut , and for a bit of interesting background , add connotation to various letters , preferably vowels .	19	Plural
They have a great selection of wine from all over the world with all different prices .	4	Singular
In the sixth floor music room , deep circular niches are found in the walls , having not only aesthetic value , but also acoustic .	20	Singular
People who study ballet also retain flexibility throughout their adult lives , making this technique the basis of training for all types of dance .	16	Singular
If you have any questions or require any assistance at all , please contact Hope Duncan at 202.739.0134 or Jeff Mangold at 703.729.2710 .	4	Plural
Their seasons are the same as all the countries in the Northern Hemisphere but I would suggest fall .	0	Plural
Next to the door was a tall wrought-iron candle holder — the kind that stood at either end of the altar .	4	Singular
I do nt know how it is possible to make orange chicken , sesame chicken and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puffs taste THAT bad but China Delight accomplished that .	13	Singular
There is also the Desert Rose ( adenium obesium ) which looks like a blooming elephant leg .	1	Singular
Why am I getting a Facebook invitation email from a friend ?	10	Singular
The doctor has an injection gun and while my mother is focused on my daughter , she puts it firmly against my mother ’s arm and puts the chip in .	1	Singular
In light of the CA regarding curves , I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information .	6	Plural
I do n't know how others feel , but I 'm definitely looking into immigration to Canada as an option .	14	Singular
A helicopter snored over the celebrations , drowning the exchange of greetings when Bray was introduced to someone in the street , expunging conversation in bars and even speeches .	9	Singular
Prepare to mount the laser sight onto the rail on the wang .	11	Singular
WT Cal has been added .	1	Singular
Regards ,	0	Plural
This contact with the West during the 16th century lead to a period of profound economic growth as lucrative trade routes were established .	19	Singular
But realizing this potential requires improving the business climate across the economy as a whole and within individual sectors – particularly by addressing the endemic corruption and weak rule of law that are deterring foreign and domestic investors alike .	7	Singular
Label each box clearly and which room it belongs to .	8	Singular
" Sudan is the primary example , " he said .	8	Singular
They need to see the political dimension working , to see that officials accept their responsibilities and that there is communication with the citizens .	0	Plural
In later ages playwrights , historians , and other intellectuals would create works inspired by the Trojan War .	17	Singular
The latter is overseeing the Republican primaries , in which Rachida Dati supports Nicolas Sarkozy 's candidacy .	6	Plural
- BRENNER , URSULA J.doc << File : BRENNER , URSULA J.doc >>	4	Singular
Gasping for breath she pulled a large clothes brush out of her bag and began sweeping off the soot Hagrid had n't managed to beat away .	8	Singular
I will be in Houston on May 11th and would like to visit with you in early afternoon if possible .	0	Singular
My brother was a runner and they used to call him The Birdman -- Birdie -- and they called me The Poet .	10	Singular
68.4 - Average Number of species added to the Endangered and Threatened Species list each year between 1991 and 2000 .	3	Singular
Text the other person a brief message asking them about their day , asking them a specific question about work or school , or simply saying " Hi ! " .	3	Singular
Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 - 7 days , depending upon the quantity of oil you put on it .	23	Singular
If America remains stuck in its under - saving ways but finds itself without Chinese goods and capital , it will suffer higher inflation , rising interest rates , and a weaker dollar .	9	Plural
President Obama has an agenda that represents the far left wing of his party .	1	Singular
of course , he thought bitterly , Uncle Vernon was talking about the stupid dinner party .	7	Singular
Abby needs to fly to New York twice a month for these treatments , and her time on the Federal Grant program has expired .	6	Singular
George Bush : Tax cutter	3	Singular
Alternatively , if life has not been good to you so far , ( and considering your current situation this seems more likely ) consider how lucky you are that it will not be troubling you much longer .	19	Singular
Second , we attracted millions of readers via the virtuous circle of wiki editing : We had some articles of mixed quality , and editors joined to improve those articles , which in turn attracted more readers .	10	Singular
Joy Powell Executive Assistant to Richard Everett 713/871-5119	6	Singular
Then she ’s there , in a doorway .	1	Singular
He is now losing the cheek muscle on the left side of his face and seems to be dropping weight by the day .	5	Singular
How did you originate these questions ?	5	Plural
3 ) If he shows no interest in water , then take him back to your vet .	4	Singular
If your companion 's canopy has successfully opened , then both your chances of survival have dramatically increased .	5	Singular
Things started to change in October 1777 when British forces under the command of General John Burgoyne surrendered in Saratoga in the north of the state of New York .	15	Singular
Harry and George threw their shoulders against the trunk and it slid out of the window into the back seat of the car .	15	Singular
And which one of us 's been taking Rebecca to the Sputnik ?	11	Singular
I went to work the next day , turning , so to speak , my back on that station .	15	Singular
It was n't until he gave up and walked out the door that someone asked Can I help you .	11	Singular
Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .	13	Singular
WASHINGTON , DC – In his recent State of the Union address , US President Barack Obama reiterated his ambition to complete the Trans - Pacific Partnership , a proposed trade agreement among the US and 11 Pacific countries .	19	Singular
Like many people I know , I ’ve spent recent months staying up late , reading polls in terror .	18	Singular
If you get caught in traffic and are a couple minutes late they make you re-schedule ... for 6 weeks later .	9	Singular
Smart girl .	1	Singular
These works were written under the name of William Wilson , and he produced them at the rate of about one a year , which brought in enough money for him to live modestly in a small New York apartment .	14	Plural
In a form or report , the Name property never appears when more than one control is selected because control names must be unique .	7	Singular
The flavor of icing or frosting can be improved by adding a little of your favorite juice to it instead of soy milk or water .	1	Singular
In 1992 , grounds of the former puppet theater , which had been left to the commune , were taken over by players and employees .	22	Plural
it runs you about 4 bucks and it deals crushing blows to hunger .	1	Singular
Nota has no swagger but he is war-hardened .	3	Singular
I would remind you that Mr Cornelissen 's report has been added to the agenda for Tuesday .	8	Singular
Language : Its Nature , Development and Origin ( 1922 ) is considered by many to be his masterpiece .	17	Singular
You can write your jokes down on index cards to keep them handy or use a document file on your computer . [ 1 ]	11	Plural
The store manager , Jim Smith , made an excellent tire recommendation for my newly acquired Lexus .	11	Singular
Whatever be the age , you will have the choice of variety of activities to forget about your hectic day - to - day activities .	3	Singular
Richard , below is a list of oc invoices sent to you for approval on 5/30/00 .	7	Singular
Patience is the key here .	3	Singular
He was commissioned as a captain in the Corps of Engineers on April 3 , 1779 to rank from February 18 , 1778 .	1	Singular
The poet and critic T. S. Eliot argued against Shaw that Shakespeare 's " primitiveness " in fact made him truly modern .	19	Singular
What they wonder is whether Google can be anything more than what it 's always been -- a great search engine with some real grass - roots support , successful by the grace of simplicity .	8	Singular
This debate and the amendment of the Directive currently in force allow us to incorporate differentiating elements which demonstrate the diversity of this Europe of ours .	10	Singular
As you may recall , they say they want a deposition on the parties ' intention .	13	Plural
237 - Minimum number of misleading statements on Iraq made by top Bush administration officials between 2002 and January 2004 , according to the California Representative Henry Waxman .	24	Singular
Whoever wins election on November 5 , 2013 , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .	4	Singular
Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 2/15/2005 05:12:00 PM	6	Singular
This study is limited in its power and generalizability .	1	Singular
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task ; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business .	22	Singular
The dragon 's blood tree thrives in Socotra 's arid climate	1	Singular
The well - equipped , clean gym is a plus !	7	Singular
The wires have been humming since before the New Year with reports that the Bush administration is planning an attack on Iran .	15	Singular
Thanks	0	Singular
Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "	0	Singular
Start with small amount of vodka and Skittles at first to experiment which combination of taste suits you best .	7	Plural
I also wonder if he might have had a slight stroke ?	0	Singular
Just because Al Qaeda likes its truck bombs and the like to be effective does not mean they do not see the value in a deadly missive .	14	Singular
there 's these little like bait worms at jack s . petshoppe .	11	Singular
Regarding how long the beverage will be made available , Stan remarked to The Brooklyn Paper , " We 'll keep it around until he ’s irrelevant . I hope he ’s there the whole way " .	21	Singular
maybe buy him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up	11	Singular
I would n't want any other company in my time of need .	9	Singular
The referenced TAGG # was entered as a ' New Counterparty ' , can you please let me know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the counterparty exposure .	22	Singular
The 131-page document was found on Castlefrank Road in Kanata , Ontario in a rain-stained , tire-marked brown envelope by a passerby .	9	Singular
It was only months and months afterwards , when I made the attempt to recover what was left of the body , that I heard the original quarrel arose from a misunderstanding about some hens .	20	Singular
( A civic agent notices you noticing , and attaches itself to your infospace , whispering statistics —	10	Singular
It looks like The Lunar Transportation Systems , Inc. is visualizing a " space highway " going from the moon to Earth ( and back again ) .	14	Singular
In the eastern city of Baqubah , guerrillas detonated a car bomb outside a police station , killing several people .	11	Singular
When you select one or more items in the filter field , the data that 's displayed and calculated in the entire PivotTable view changes to reflect those items .	9	Singular
Wikinews interviewed him for May 's Interview of the Month ( IOTM ) on May 18 , 2006 .	9	Singular
The following have made a team for the game show on August 17th !.	11	Singular
The Museum of Flight in Seattle , Washington was also proposed as another location for a shuttle , going so far as to build a new building to house an orbiter .	16	Singular
Because of the mosquitoes , they moved into the house .	9	Singular
great knowledge and prices compared to anyone in the industry .	3	Plural
Freedom from the fear of corporate downsizing ?	3	Singular
In the standing photo ( from the front ) there is a corner of a rug creeping in , some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord .	3	Singular
This e-mail is never sent unsolicited .	2	Singular
Coffee filter , cheesecloth / muslin , or an extremely clean T-shirt	11	Singular
Wikinews observed the USI exhibit identifies and features Polaroids of fashion designer Halston , a former resident of Evansville .	18	Singular
The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges , I finally gave up , he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful .	29	Singular
( Applause . ) "	1	Singular
Over 50 years .	2	Plural
that is precisely the time when you may , if you wish , raise this question , i.e. on Thursday prior to the start of the presentation of the report .	1	Singular
Recall that it was two Exocets that ripped the USS Stark to shreds in 1987 , killing 37 sailors .	9	Singular
My take is that the UDCs will be indifferent to this ( maybe ? ) and our # 1 priority is to work to get the PG&E model adopted across the state .	20	Singular
Islamabad accuses New Delhi of using its consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train Balochi insurgents who are active in Pakistani Balochistan .	2	Singular
Hamas has become rather unpopular in Gaza , as many see the Israeli air strikes as a response towards the rocket attacks upon Israeli soil .	1	Singular
give them time to set up their territories , and once you bring the new kitten out , pay a lot of attention to the male .	7	Plural
Recently I 'm having trouble training him .	1	Singular
But the arrogant person is usually more than happy to show their cruel side to those that they do n't like .	13	Singular
Addressing inequality requires greater redistribution through national tax systems , together with enhanced programs for adult education , presumably making heavy use of new technologies .	13	Plural
It was his job to make the food , which consisted mainly of gristle-studded hamburger patties , bland sandwiches with pale tomatoes and wilted lettuce , milkshakes , egg creams , and buns .	2	Singular
The particular instruments mentioned in this Article include those referred to in Article IV - 438 of the Constitution .	5	Singular
Remove your fingers from the existing grip and replace them with your new laser grip .	13	Singular
Honoré De Balzac was born into a family which had struggled nobly to achieve respectability .	6	Singular
We infected the ants by preparing a solution of the fungus Beauveria bassiana .	7	Singular
The Syrian Air Force is comprised of ten to eleven fighter / attack squadrons and sixteen fighter squadrons , totaling somewhere near 650 aircraft .	23	Singular
THE DAILY STAR publishes this commentary in agreement with Agence Global	7	Singular
I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee 's position in connection with the enforcement / nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking .	32	Plural
Do not go there if you expect to sleep through the night .	11	Singular
That agreement will also impose real economic pain , but Ukrainians are willing to pay the price in order to preserve our independence .	1	Singular
Little did I know that I would soon be needing her help as well !	10	Singular
At an elevation of 1100 ft ( 335 m ) , it is situated in the biologically unique Sonoran Desert .	18	Singular
Discovery is undergoing decommissioning and currently being prepped for display by removing toxic materials from the orbiter .	1	Singular
The mangers also play a classic movies on Sundays , you can get a beer in the lobby , and repeat customers can get discounts if they have a member card .	17	Singular
THERE IS NO SUCH THING any more , anywhere , it ’s an online dating scam . "	1	Singular
The santorum neologism has inspired satirical forms of parody , including this political cartoon by Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal webcomic artist Zach Weiner .	1	Singular
The 20th century however , marked the rapid development of Athens .	8	Singular
Doves are a species of pigeon , they are Seed eaters , they do not eat bread , or worms .	12	Plural
They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they " do as they wilt " .	4	Singular
He jumped the last six stairs , landing catlike on the hall carpet , looking around for Dobby .	0	Singular
Julie	0	Singular
York quickly became one of the most important cities in Roman Britain , and after 211 became the capital of the province Britannia Inferior .	11	Singular
And , of course , China 's outsize backstop of $ 3.8 trillion in foreign - exchange reserves provides ample insurance in the event of intensified financial contagion .	20	Singular
I have n't been able to find a shoe repair place in Seattle since that has been able to do it .	0	Singular
Per my conversation with Edmund this morning , we are moving the following countries to the non-approved list : Austria , Belgium , Croatia , Czech Republic , Denmark , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Singapore , and Slovenia .	19	Singular
However since the elections Iranian influence has proved critical in convincing the Hazara Shia candidate Mohammed Mohaqeq to accept the results of the elections and later convincing Qanooni to do the same .	13	Singular
Gallop , I 've already read that whole site and been reading through research articles from the research colleges as well .	17	Singular
These amendments deal with the social economy and the need to provide social risk capital and support financially local schemes to develop employment opportunities and strengthen social cohesion .	16	Plural
Autumn is from mid August onwards as far as the weather goes if not officially according to the calender .	10	Singular
It collects the data based on the observation of the proposed interventions as well as interviews conducted with participating teachers and students to identify their perceptions of digital games ’ contributions to the learning process .	15	Plural
& here I am thinking that I really must be getting old .	3	Singular
Balzac 's health was deteriorating by this point , making the completion of this pair of books a significant accomplishment .	11	Singular
According to news accounts , the company is struggling .	7	Singular
The sample includes our " caveat " , so it should be fine .	3	Plural
As you can see , the price data is too large to fit into one tab .	8	Singular
Take a sieve , line it with a piece of cheesecloth ( muslin ) or a coffee filter , place above a large jug and pour the vodka through slowly .	17	Singular
Rafferty recorded a new version of his Humblebums song " Her Father Did n't Like Me Anyway " on the album Over My Head ( 1994 ) .	4	Singular
If you 're a fan of herpes , being ripped off , and child molesters , this is the garage for you .	4	Singular
Getting out of the narrow confines of the pipeline simulation industry would be a plus .	8	Singular
A woman stood there , so bright and beautiful , in a sky-colored robe – a heavens covered with	16	Plural
and jokes requiring specialized knowledge ( of , for example , science or old movies ) will only be appreciated by people who possess that knowledge .	1	Plural
Not for the first time , an argument had broken out over breakfast at number four , Privet Drive .	14	Singular
They watched the moths in the tobacco flowers .	3	Plural
Daniel Montalvo in September 2010 , after having left the elite group within Scientology called the Sea Org .	17	Singular
They have towed car for me a few times and I am always very satisfied with this services .	8	Plural
Jespersen was a professor of English at the University of Copenhagen from 1893 to 1925 , and served as Rector of the university in 1920 – 21 .	8	Singular
I get that careless teenager kind of treatment from some of their staff ... perhaps they should hire more serious adults to help serve / cook .	5	Singular
We felt we made it better because it introduced a process for review and refund . "	4	Singular
now it felt as though cold hands were slapping his face	6	Plural
Recall how a few years ago , just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers , the financial sector prided itself on its innovativeness .	21	Singular
Terminal 2 : Alaska ( Gates 10 & 11 ) , Great Lakes ( Gates C & D ) , Spirit , Sun Country , United	17	Singular
There are different theories about the reasons for leaving the place .	6	Plural
Everyone has the right to an effective remedy by the competent national tribunals for acts violating the fundamental rights granted him by the constitution or by law .	14	Plural
The Chatnam Islands ( Rekohu in the indigenous Moriori language ) are the eastern-most settled islands in New Zealand .	2	Plural
This year a newspaper claimed two UK firms were involved in a deal in which thousands of guns for Iraqi forces were re-routed to al - Qaeda .	26	Singular
He could n't tell when things were becoming more unstable as opposed to less .	0	Singular
-- Due to the lack of response yesterday , I 'm beginning to worry about your success with the road test ...	16	Singular
We 'll get the paperwork together and sent to you for naked options .	12	Plural
I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft .	7	Singular
Iran 's coast facing the Persian Gulf is a looming wall of mountains that look down upon any naval forces arrayed in those waters .	5	Singular
I personally trust this Midas store with all my vehicles , I have been going there for years & would never go anywhere else !	9	Plural
We ca n't dictate what business wants to open where .	0	Plural
At first glance , for a city of 760,000 and agglomeration of 1.428,000 , there does not seem to be much to see .	2	Singular
So I have a mini-MMPI that I --	1	Singular
After the major kill - offs , wolves outside of Alaska and Canada existed mostly as legend .	10	Singular
Nordau was also the co founder of the World Zionist Organization .	9	Singular
The reality is that IP protection is an economic engine that developing - country citizens should not have to forego .	14	Plural
You will find the people of Tulsa love their city and they have that southern charm , so they are willing to help you find your way around .	26	Singular
We hope that those considering rejection of these amendments have very powerful reasons to offer to both Parliament and their citizens who are seeking employment .	3	Plural
Good , friendly , reasonable service	5	Singular
The Agel compensation plan includes the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it .	19	Singular
Boulder , CO , Nov. 15 ( UPI ) --	7	Singular
The close proximity of Warsaw and Łódź 's location at the crossroads of the Polish motorway system make it an ideal destination for a day trip or longer city break .	4	Singular
talk about law enforcement not having the will ...	2	Singular
Imagine that when we got on this boat , we were all given two Styrofoam peanuts .	3	Plural
This would have to be determined on a case by case basis .	10	Singular
Simultaneously , New Delhi would ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert Kashmir into a second Afghanistan .	7	Singular
the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open - ended downside , loses $ 50 million , and then claims that it was not a valid contract .	14	Singular
It was the farthest point of navigation and the culminating point of my experience .	12	Singular
This right to love and form a family is so fundamental that our United States Constitution takes it for granted in its dedication to " secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity . ”	15	Singular
I posted what the owner as said in paragraph 2 & 3 , that is not me to clarify .	14	Singular
They have seen your pet , and are most aware of his condition .	11	Singular
These guys were the best .	1	Plural
If ever in Sicily please take the time to visit Anna Maria Jose Mudo and her familia .	16	Singular
This is o.k. for Ken Lay , but we are changing to a more uniform address , so would likely be better to use kenneth.lay@enron.com .	8	Plural
It turned aside for the bowlders , and also for an undersized railway-truck lying there on its back with its wheels in the air .	12	Singular
Some strategies being used by NASA & Company in relation to China and other space planning countries are mentioned here after being gleaned from a news item underneath .	16	Plural
Jared , Ruth and I are going to go over all the Florida activity tomorrow morning .	2	Singular
Both students of Goffredo Petrassi , Ennio Morricone and Bruno Nicolai met at the Santa ( Saint ) Cecelia conservatory .	16	Singular
I think for starters , myself and those of you who believe in God could say a special prayer for them .	18	Singular
Hot , animal fear surges in your chest .	2	Singular
I am currently working on guidelines for Argentina which will address both physical and financial trading .	0	Singular
Then Harry realised that Ron had covered nearly every inch of the shabby wallpaper with posters of the same seven witches and wizards , all wearing bright orange robes , carrying broomsticks , and waving energetically .	9	Singular
Praising his portrayal of society while attacking his prose style , Flaubert once wrote :	4	Singular
And this , said Auster , turning to the woman , is my wife , Siri .	13	Singular
It was a wrong number that started it , the telephone ringing three times in the dead of night , and the voice on the other end asking for someone he was not .	30	Singular
If an engagement with Iran envelops our forces in Iraq , and comes to involve Syria , our economy will likely shatter under the strain of fighting so many countries simultaneously .	29	Plural
The actors in Shakespeare 's company included the famous Richard Burbage , William Kempe , Henry Condell and John Heminges .	1	Plural
Stylish and contemporary , no matter your size or personality type .	9	Singular
Increased friction - the ocean surface is much , much smoother than the land surface .	1	Singular
My results were just AWFUL .	0	Singular
Learn the quality of their friendships .	2	Singular
I wo n't go to anyone else .	5	Singular
they do some good waterproof raincoats	5	Plural
Nevertheless , I see that in a book called Things to Come two Americans who think themselves anything but undeveloped and helpless , Herman Kahn and B Bruce-Briggs , are not impressed by Russian achievements .	26	Singular
Simmer the quinoa for about 15 minutes or until the grain becomes translucent and the white germ forms a visible spiral on the exterior of the quinoa grain .	6	Plural
Good food , good wait staff , poor management	4	Singular
Then , suddenly , with great clarity and precision , he saw Bartleby 's window and the blank brick wall before him .	18	Singular
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive . Valeska Paris	28	Singular
" One of the reasons that iodine is going down is because people are taking that good healthy eating message and not adding salt during cooking . "	12	Plural
Those things ended up being a windsheild washer fluid tank ( 1 screw ) and the air filter canister ( 4 spring clips ) .	21	Singular
" Iran has significant capabilities for asymmetric warfare , and poses the additional threat of proliferation .	13	Singular
This contact with the West during the 16th century lead to a period of profound economic growth as lucrative trade routes were established .	0	Singular
As early as 1926 , Meyer had written to Irène Joliot - Curie suggesting that Rona work with her to learn how his laboratory could make their own polonium samples .	29	Plural
We would be glad to provide the same documents in an earlier version of Word , upon request by individual Parties .	14	Singular
The subject of all this talk is , ultimately , survival the survival of the decent society created in Israel within a few decades .	5	Singular
Its management , however , has n't been devoid of criticism .	10	Singular
Sun. Oct. 1 - Paris to London in afternoon - probably by Eurostar train - ( arrv. London late afternoon )	4	Singular
I could handle my mice , but they where skittish and preferred their cage .	13	Singular
Shakespeare 's standard poetic form was blank verse , composed in iambic pentameter .	4	Singular
She says that about me , to my mother .	8	Singular
The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of Ismail Khan , the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month , who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners .	24	Singular
The ACIA -- with participation by the United States , Canada , Denmark , Finland , Iceland , Norway , the Russian Federation and Sweden -- was begun in 2000 .	21	Singular
Therefore I could not estimate the mean reversion rate as the estimated slope has the positive sign .	6	Singular
The building is typical , it 's a former warehouse .	1	Singular
The dude who grills the retarded dogs is rude .	6	Singular
If you mention the name Amir you will receive % 10 off at time of purchase	13	Singular
XML syntax ( the tags and their placement in a document ) defines and describes the data in an XML document but does n't indicate how the data should be displayed .	16	Singular
With protests going on in the Chilean capital of Santiago ( from the economic summit ) , President Bush visited Chinese President Hu Jintao and other key allies in Santiago .	14	Singular
Then , in 1973 , as Bush made plans to leave the Guard and go to Harvard Business School , he again started showing up frequently .	12	Singular
Dobby knows it , sir .	0	Singular
This Muggle woman bought it , took it home and tried to serve her friends tea in it .	14	Plural
At the same time McCartney was going out with Heather Mills , he used Linda 's death for promotional ends , due to his waning popularity .	12	Singular
George Bush : Military man	1	Singular
* Washington , D.C. - *	3	Singular
Cover containers with clear plastic kitchen wrap , so they stay moist .	5	Singular
The countries which are giving to America to aid are a great example of the seed that America has sown through the years with other nations .	18	Singular
What became known as the palace coup began on Oct. 26 when ISO board members voted for severe restrictions on the amount of money electricity producers could charge for power .	29	Singular
You can not walk 5 feet without smelling that disgusting cigarette smoke and it blows right into the windows all day and all night .	14	Singular
THIS PLACE IS THE BEST .	2	Singular
And this is a direct result of the Politically correct , permissive , time out granting bullshit liberal culture that has caused this .	1	Singular
Many neo-pagan religions , such as Wicca , use aspects of ancient Greek religions in their practice ; Hellenic polytheism instead focuses exclusively on the ancient religions , as far as the fragmentary nature of the surviving source material allows .	13	Plural
But the real fear comes from the undisputed fact that no defense and no preventive measures can succeed against a determined suicide murderer .	4	Singular
Babe 's 185 Bridge Plaza North , tel : 1 201 944-6800 .	7	Singular
Given the volume of content this represents , it is easy to forget that the television series itself is an adaptation of a book series with a pre-existing fandom .	15	Singular
Runar	0	Singular
Try the 360 restraunt u spin in the cn tower with a beautiful view the sky pod elevator is about an hour line up in the summer	18	Singular
Just pray that you have not ever given this criminal enough information for your identity to be stolen - your full name , birthdate , home address , etc or that you were not conned into sending money .	26	Singular
Thus began a fifteen - year correspondence between Balzac and " the object of [ his ] sweetest dreams " :	2	Singular
I think to say it was unexpected is inaccurate , because it implies that there was a well-founded expectation of something .	15	Singular
As he emerged from the subway and entered the great hall , he saw by the clock that it was just past four .	16	Singular
I plan on taking a couple of graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this level .	0	Singular
Whether it is appropriate or not is another thing we leave to the pros to decide .	1	Singular
I seem to remember something about ' by their works shall ye know them . "	8	Plural
" But it may be that BA and IAG have cracked it and can offer something vaguely reliable . "	6	Singular
When Bray was delivered to the house there was no one at home but servants well primed to welcome him .	2	Singular
Today 's decision not to renew the embargo is extremely dangerous considering the situation there .	2	Singular
Product Additional Information ( example ) :	4	Singular
Bobby is a member of a bicycle team , while cycling this weekend , he and other members of his team were injured by a truck .?	12	Singular
Therefore I could not estimate the mean reversion rate as the estimated slope has the positive sign .	8	Singular
After training , Bush kept flying , racking up hundreds of hours in F - 102 jets .	9	Plural
That 's the most interesting part of all .	1	Singular
She spoke to CNN Style about the experience .	0	Singular
However , now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $ 6,000 + despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do , I feel I have to voice my opinion .	36	Singular
Even if you do not have a cat , you can use used kitty litter to deter mice .	13	Singular
The principles governing an F-E translation would then be : reproduction of grammatical units ; consistency in word usage ; and meanings in terms of the source context .	5	Singular
I used to e-mail Vince Kaminski about the advice on his article " The Challenge of Pricing and Risk Managing Electricity Derivatives " and he had mailed me the copy .	11	Singular
The bus trip down from Sao Paulo is a similar affair taking around 18 hours .	7	Singular
But Carney argues that , on the contrary , the rest of the British economy benefits from having a global financial center in its midst .	18	Singular
Respondents were asked to indicate their race from among the following categories : White ; Black or African American ; Hispanic ; American Indian or Native American ; and Asian or Pacific Islander .	6	Singular
The US chose to ally itself with such groups as the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq , whose 15,000 - strong Badr Corps paramilitary was trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards .	31	Singular
I was just in last night and had a chance to dine in their new dining room .	16	Singular
It makes a huge difference .	4	Singular
Ted Noble	1	Singular
maintaining a population in rural areas , given the changes taking place in all types of economic activity owing to agriculture 's increasing lack of importance amongst the various sources of income for rural society .	10	Singular
People got killed there .	0	Plural
Additional cost will be incurred for the remainder of this year , that I have not been able to review yet .	13	Singular
101 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned missile defence .	19	Singular
Amendment No-6 makes more radical changes to the guideline maps , adding new links and creating new categories of ports .	19	Plural
Researchers call this effect " tonic immobility " .	3	Singular
The first set of issues includes slow - burn problems involving externalities , the leading example being environmental degradation .	15	Singular
Where in Europe ?	2	Singular
The optimistic view is that those , like me , who find ourselves fearing the relative wage distribution of the future as a source of mammoth inequality and power imbalance simply suffer from a failure of imagination .	11	Plural
Granite islands include Seychelles and Tioman and volcanic islands such as Saint Helena .	8	Plural
In Design view of a form , report , or data access page , you can format a control in the following ways :	11	Singular
Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .	24	Singular
Thanks	0	Singular
No ... that 's all .	3	Singular
You can filter a field to display only data that matches the value in a selected cell .	8	Singular
The bottom line is that the food is n't great and is relatively high - priced .	2	Singular
Harry Potter was a wizard – a wizard fresh from his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .	10	Singular
Zawahiri , Al Qaeda 's # 2 , is head of Al Qaeda 's biochemical program .	3	Singular
is it worthy to send in for warranty repair ?	1	Singular
The hashtag took on a life of its own , and was used in messages on Twitter over one million times by Thursday night .	11	Singular
It is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of George Harrison , who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him .	8	Singular
If she is nicer when you are alone I 'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend .	1	Singular
For many visitors , the first place they are likely to visit is Downtown , especially if they are in town on business , or simply do not know where to start .	7	Plural
Dr. Fortier was one of 15 people to receive the Carnegie Medal on Monday .	1	Singular
$ 46 m - Amount the Bush administration has budgeted for port security in 2005 .	8	Singular
he crawls on top of them but does not try to eat them .	1	Singular
There 's something pathetically childish in the ruins of grass walls .	1	Singular
And the river was there – fascinating – deadly – like a snake . Ough !	12	Singular
" If a school bus carrying fifty children drove off a cliff , killing everyone involved ... that would be a tragedy " .	14	Singular
The term of office of the other Judge shall expire on 6 October 2012 .	3	Singular
I 've been looking at the bose sound dock 10 i ve currently got a jvc mini hifi system , i was wondering what would be a good set of speakers .	15	Singular
Find multiple methods for making Skittles vodka after the jump -- and soon you 'll be tasting the rainbow !	2	Plural
Then I remembered there was a big concern , a Company for trade on that river .	1	Singular
EDIT : I love how she says it 's not callum but does n't deny it 's me .... i think we all know who she 's talking about ...	10	Singular
Additionally , it is written in a style similar to an XML document using a combination of XML-like tags and HTML to create a template for a specific style of output .	11	Singular
Now I 'm the youngest and I just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it 's a good thing ?	10	Singular
We are following up with Sue and Robbie on a couple legal issues , case law and MSA self - certification language , and let me know if you have additional items .	0	Plural
So my advice is that NEVER TRUST THIS DEALER .	8	Singular
When the war ended he came to Israel via Cyprus , joined Kibbutz Sdot Yam , married , and had two children .	14	Singular
My rabbi is in Jerusalem . "	2	Singular
Based on how CRRA reacts , I would make an ultimate determination if the agreement needs to be attached to the LOI .	4	Singular
Chicago 's a big area .	1	Singular
He had nothing , he knew nothing , he knew that he knew nothing .	0	Singular
( I hope that the US army got an enormous amount of information from her relatives , because otherwise this move was a bad , bad tradeoff ) .	14	Singular
Isner , who produced some of his best tennis as he leveled at one set all and forced a decider , also paid his tribute .	14	Singular
Thanks ,	0	Singular
You can be absolutely sure , says Shahar , that the Prophet Jeremiah passed this way .	14	Singular
This attitude is particularly prevalent in India , which recently put trade negotiations with the EU on hold , and it was central to the failure of the Doha Round of global trade talks .	25	Singular
What you see in New Orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system , a form of socialism that many in this country know is the true problem .	12	Plural
It was certainly nothing like Father Christmas .	3	Singular
There s [ sic ] something in the hilarious anarchy of the net that produces these ' events ' every now and again . "	15	Plural
“ When I ’m playing him , I feel powerful , ” the Donald Trump impersonator John Di Domenico explained to Slate last year .	16	Singular
They also killed Shaikh Hamid 'Akkab , a clan elder of a branch of the Dulaim tribe in Tikrit .	8	Singular
That is the source of Tana 's concern regarding the correct entering of divisions in the system .	16	Singular
While Tanya is reviewing credit , can you please send a " blank form Paragraph 13 " for this master .	4	Singular
The rate schedule on Tennessee should be either NET - 2 or NET - 284 .	8	Singular
One of the silk screens exhibited at USI this time was the Annie Oakley screen print called " Cowboys and Indians " from 1987 .	3	Singular
It should not be left in the hands of a man who spent his life like this .	10	Singular
Place a drop or two on a cotton ball .	2	Singular
It was about two years from when Frank sent me specimens to when we got the paper out .	4	Plural
And indeed nothing is easier for a man who has , as the phrase goes , followed the sea with reverence and affection , than to evoke the great spirit of the past upon the lower reaches of the Thames .	9	Singular
F-E focuses attention on the message itself , in both form and content .	6	Singular
These are not household type alarms .	0	Plural
Dave Kingman is a turd , said Quinn , biting into his hamburger .	2	Singular
Quantum mechanics offers a fitting metaphor .	2	Singular
I have seen horses Loose Nails On there Own And do just fine with ONE nail gone Now if he had left out 2 or 3 I would be wondering to ...	15	Singular
He had also changed his name to that of an ancient noble family , and added - without any official cause - the nobiliary particle De .	24	Singular
Name something you find at a carnival that comes on a stick ?	8	Singular
This is just to let you know that Emma gave birth at week 34 on Friday , 6th July , to our triplets :	22	Plural
Economics will be a big determiner in the speed of their program . "	5	Singular
New faces emerge as veteran politicians step down in Hong Kong legislative election	5	Plural
Both Dawa and SCIRI have umbilical connections to the fundamentalist Shi'ite leadership in Iran that go back decades .	3	Singular
They , above – the Council in Europe , you know – mean him to be .	7	Singular
That 's what it was on Thursday . And yesterday ... Only a hundred and nine , that 's all ...	4	Singular
Islamabad accuses New Delhi of using its consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train Balochi insurgents who are active in Pakistani Balochistan .	9	Singular
+ As the implications of the Andaman Islands situation sink in , Indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny .	3	Plural
One horse even got his lifetime mark after being treated for EPM .	1	Singular
Yes I 've had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the door so yes a plastic cage will be good	14	Plural
Children swept in and out , belligerently pleasure-seeking .	0	Plural
Dando refused and Vivien had to go home to the children , and Rebecca Edwards protested that hers were alone too .	0	Singular
I 'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually , I 'm sure I do n't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me .	4	Plural
You can place the chicken on its breast instead .	6	Singular
Debra Perlingiere	0	Singular
Its guarantee of liberties promised to dissolve inter-communal tensions and transform the empire into a more harmonious place .	8	Plural
Go to a local market or drug store , and buy this month 's copy of the " Philadelphia Magazine " .	12	Singular
either way you also need to keep an eye on the temperature if you are using a dry fish tank as UV lights in my experience up the temperature significantly and without proper ventilation it can become an oven .	21	Singular
Someone observes that the Church is a worshiper of success and always follows the majorities .	0	Singular
This is not a hoax , as so many of these emails actully are .	4	Singular
The numbers indicate that in his first four years , Bush not only showed up , he showed up a lot .	16	Singular
He would often work for fifteen hours or more at a stretch ;	10	Singular
We 're both in our early 20s and just wanting to explore the beautiful country while we 're still young and before our lives start to get even crazier !	4	Plural
Give yourself the gift of visiting Winterowd Fine Art !	3	Singular
The wife smiled her smile , said she was glad to meet Quinn as though she meant it , and then extended her hand to him .	22	Singular
Pittsburgh gets men on second and third , one out , so the Mets go to the bullpen for Allen .	17	Singular
. . . Murph Archibald is Red Blount 's nephew by marriage , and in 1972 , he was coming off a 15 - month tour in Vietnam in the infantry .	30	Singular
In the realm of international economics , being perceived as boring confers power to the extent that it allows major decisions to be made without a great deal of external scrutiny .	12	Singular
The reports say she is suspected of having been a member of Al Qaeda 's " Chemical Wire Group . "	10	Singular
Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter to chapter .	18	Singular
My apartment also smells repulsive even though I am cleaning out their litter box at least once a day if not twice .	12	Singular
One of the silk screens exhibited at USI this time was the Annie Oakley screen print called " Cowboys and Indians " from 1987 .	7	Singular
Over priced for Mexican food	4	Singular
Wikinews interviews Robert Sarvis , Libertarian Party nominee for Governor of Virginia	5	Singular
George Harrison said that he is tired of listening to people talk about John Lennon ....	4	Singular
In any case , I congratulate Mrs Thors on her French ; I certainly can not speak in Swedish or Finnish .	2	Singular
May seem a little silly , but , taking a long ride on the Metra system or the " L " system is a great way to see the city and sites without spending a fortune .	11	Singular
I would have had to because with the economy the way it is i ai nt haves much monies fo repairs round the House ....	20	Plural
His relationship with his family was often strained by financial and personal difficulties , and he ended several friendships over critical reviews .	12	Plural
Topless sunbathing is common by Western women at many tourist beaches .	10	Plural
However , on the document , it referred to the database as National Enforcement and Emergency Management Information System and Intelligence System , adding the words " and Emergency " to the name .	10	Singular
He walked a hundred yards or so up the road , and , meeting a man on a bicycle , greeted him in the language that had come back to him as he lay in the room .	36	Singular
Anyone who doubts that should review a recent letter orchestrated by the Bretton Woods Committee , addressed to Congressional leaders on behalf of an impressive array of former Republican and Democratic cabinet secretaries .	31	Singular
Super Pet Silent Spinner Exercise Wheel	0	Singular
With beneficent Jupiter in your sign , this is definitely your year , especially where your social life is concerned .	7	Singular
“ When I ’m playing him , I feel powerful , ” the Donald Trump impersonator John Di Domenico explained to Slate last year .	13	Singular
I understand that it is a competitive process , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability .	29	Singular
Agel is a new company and is uniquely positioned to be the next giant in the network marketing industry .	1	Singular
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be reliable , but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete .	4	Singular
If they get upset , gauge their anger .	7	Singular
I liked it so much there I ended up doing a PhD and I 've been working on social insects ever since .	6	Singular
She told me that was to bad she would do nothing to help me since she could not use or resell the piece .	2	Singular
Frank Rack got in touch after they returned from Antarctica in hopes that I could help with an identification on the anemone .	11	Plural
In the medium case , investigations find that Enron ( like others ) " played by the rules , " but the rules stunk , and Enron profited at the expense of California consumers .	22	Plural
The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly and informative and answered any question I had .	17	Singular
in some messages the content is of primary consideration , and in others the form must be given a higher priority .	20	Singular
This piecemeal style is reflective of the author 's own life , a possible attempt to stabilize it through fiction .	3	Singular
Aner Shalev is an Israeli mathematician and writer born in 1958 in Kibbutz Kinneret , Tiberias .	5	Singular
By the end of 2005 you 'll have a whole new start with regard to your career and your earning potential - and a possible new partnership to top it off !	2	Singular
Seriously , I talked this morning with Tom Hall and we agreed that Ecogas would pay him $ 53,000 .	2	Singular
He allowed his boy – an overfed young negro from the coast – to treat the white men , under his very eyes , with provoking insolence .	17	Plural
He looked up at the vaulted ceiling of the great hall and studied the fresco of constellations .	6	Singular
Stand in the corner of the elevator facing the wall .	3	Singular
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I am determined to prove to the Admissions commitee that I can excel with the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business .	5	Singular
Such a formal orientation that typifies this type of structural equivalence is called a " gloss translation " in which the translator aims at reproducing as literally and meaningfully as possible the form and content of the original .	32	Singular
But do they know what they have heard ?	2	Plural
Stephen Wheeler , the editor , worked Kipling hard , but Kipling 's need to write was unstoppable .	7	Singular
They got out of the car .	0	Plural
If the baby is feathered yet - which I 'm sure he is mostly - he should be fine .	12	Singular
As far as George Bush knew , he and his unit could have been transferred to Vietnam .	10	Singular
3 When you filter a field , the drop-down arrow Field arrow for the filtered field changes to blue instead of black , and the AutoFilter button on the toolbar is selected .	10	Singular
From Umsalongwe .	1	Singular
Veronique stayed with me that night , lying next to me in my blankets and furs .	3	Singular
Attached is a new link for employees unable to attend the all - employee meeting today at 10 a.m. ( CDT ) at the Hyatt Regency Houston , Imperial Ballroom .	15	Singular
I recently threw a surprise birthday party for my wife at Fraiser 's .	9	Singular
Some 2,000 junior officers of the old Baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months , something Chalabi would have blocked if he could have .	8	Singular
I had paid in cash , and he said he had no receipt / record of my purchase .	12	Singular
I am the only candidate born and raised in Virginia , but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing diversity of the commonwealth .	4	Singular
In the core of the city , named avenues run north / south and are named after US cities , generally in repeating alphabetical order ( for example , Winston - Yale - Allegheny - Braden ) .	27	Singular
Category labels usually appear across the x axis of the chart , although this can vary depending on the type of chart you are using .	21	Singular
In the Middle East and probably elsewhere , the United States relied heavily on management consultants and public-relations experts .	9	Singular
A simple follow - up phone call with a woman quickly turned into a nightmare .	9	Singular
Wayne	0	Singular
Rona developed an enhanced method of preparing polonium sources and producing alpha - emissions .	4	Singular
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .	0	Singular
All p&l and PRMA numbers should be in $ '000's .	1	Singular
It 's quite a large Canadian tournament , and so we went as the Gliders team .	0	Singular
to distribute copies or phonorecords of , display publicly , perform publicly , and perform publicly by means of a digital audio transmission Derivative Works .	14	Plural
Wikinews interviews New York bar owner on Santorum cocktail	7	Singular
He walked a hundred yards or so up the road , and , meeting a man on a bicycle , greeted him in the language that had come back to him as he lay in the room .	15	Singular
He now discusses his work with Wikinews .	2	Singular
Everyone has the right to an effective remedy by the competent national tribunals for acts violating the fundamental rights granted him by the constitution or by law .	7	Singular
They went into the Sputnik Bar for a moment , meeting music like a buffeting about the head , and then someone said that he thought the arrangement had been to meet at the railway crossing .	27	Singular
You can also transform the data to another presentation format using an Extensible Style Language ( XSL ) file during the export process .	5	Singular
Hours of stress , or regular exposure to stressful situations , can cause serious health problems .	2	Singular
For example , some snakes will routinely go off their food in both the summer and winter , feeding mainly in spring and fall .	23	Singular
Pros : * Jill , the owner , is very nice and really cares about her feedback * Pretty nice atmosphere * Great Dessert * Not your typical veggie selection , I like !	29	Singular
Also several days before the elections Pakistan closed the border crossing point at Chaman in Baluchistan which is a key entry point for the Taliban into Afghanistan .	13	Singular
Like UFOs or Sasquatch , several people claimed to see fleeting lone wolves , usually in Yellowstone .	6	Plural
An hour later , as he climbed from the number 4 bus at 70th Street and Fifth Avenue , he still had not answered the question .	25	Singular
I 'll keep you posted .	0	Singular
I would suggest not avoiding Second Home based on the ' bad experience ' review .	14	Singular
Now I was ready to make and to bake – only in my heart , actually – a small , perfect unleavened wafer to eat with my beloved Paschal Lamb .	28	Singular
Arial photos of the lab were uranium is being enriched , somewhat like those of chemical weapons stockpiles in Iraq .	1	Plural
I am going on a private boat cruise with my friends from Florida .	1	Singular
Does your train pass Asansol when starting from Howrah ?	0	Singular
Jahmaal James , 23 , Toronto ;	5	Singular
Dr. Eric Fortier , 34 , of Gatineau , Que. , used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on Baffin Island , just south of the Arctic Circle , to save two friends who were being mauled .	14	Singular
He can not accept calls , visits or flowers at this time , since he is in the emergency room .?	15	Singular
Day after day , with the stamp and shuffle of sixty pair of bare feet behind me , each pair under a 60-lb. load .	6	Singular
Fedayeen are now visible on the street and they have become bolder than ever .	0	Plural
The Communists thought they could defeat the ARVN , cause the fall of the South Vietnamese government , and the people would than rally to the Communist cause and leave the Americans stranded in a sea of angry peasants .	7	Singular
The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .	19	Singular
This map shows the location of the Ross Ice Shelf in the Antarctic , and the two known localities for E. andrillae relative to McMurdo Station	1	Singular
Those texts shall be authentic under the same conditions as the texts of the Treaty referred to in the first paragraph , drawn up in the present languages .	0	Plural
He has said that the Iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes needed to weaponize anthrax .	18	Singular
I found that the lion , in place of his sword , now held a rather large plaque .	0	Singular
Researchers have been investigating potential for male hormonal contraceptives for around 20 years .	12	Plural
The screw - up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean - counters ( and McNamara was nothing if not a bean - counter ) instead of soldiers in charge of the military .	15	Singular
Andre is going to look over the list of curves needed for the global assets ( August Board meeting ) one more time before I forward it to you .	26	Singular
I wanted to watch it with them , but they decided they ’d rather watch it without me in the end .	17	Singular
No one employs people from Hartpury because of what they received on work experience .	5	Singular
Miami Bass producers were clinical in the art of moving butts — their main concern .	2	Plural
We were in Springfield , IL for a family funeral from Kansas City .	8	Singular
My last day in the Portland area will be March 31 , 2001 .	9	Singular
... love story and romance and surprises and tragedies and all this but also this structure interested me a lot .	15	Singular
Specifically , altering law once it is passed to accommodate his voting blocs .	6	Singular
The young Hasid recoils when the tray is handed to me .	2	Singular
I had no problem with my delivery .	6	Singular
There had been a lot of such rot let loose in print and talk just about that time , and the excellent woman , living right in the rush of all that humbug , got carried off her feet .	16	Singular
In color , the leaves show a great variety of greens , ranging from yellowish to bluish .	1	Singular
I 'm not interested in Hitler .	5	Singular
Rebecca Edwards had just told Neil Bayley that Felix Pasilis , the Pettigrews ' Greek friend , was furious with her because she 'd forgotten some essential herb that he wanted for his sheep ...	6	Singular
I caught the third day of Corey 's Jeopardy run last night here at the office ( yes , I had to come back after the play ... I love my job ! ) .	15	Singular
Last year was an incredible year and I ’m ready for us to come back even better in 2017 .	5	Singular
I got him back the first of the month and he had lost some weight but attributed that to be worked everyday ( I expected him to drop some ) .	8	Singular
Even the mainland school groups that fly there for school camps , and choose to stay at Kopinga Marae [ 1 ] get value for money by chartering a flight one way .	9	Singular
At this rate we may have to start pinning notes to your shirt to remind you to do things .	9	Plural
They 're inseparable , " he says .	0	Plural
Greg Couch will be taking over the responsibility for the estate risk group and will be able to assist you with your requests going forward .	0	Singular
You take a boat across the river , then spend a day biking , eating at a local restaurant , buying souvenirs and doing other things that are geared towards tourists .	18	Singular
Also found in Socotra 's landscape is the ever-strange and extremely rare Cucumber Tree .	13	Singular
Email : franz371...@gmail.com	0	Singular
In other words , how do they treat those with different beliefs , cultural backgrounds and ways of seeing the world ?	6	Plural
Such a formal orientation that typifies this type of structural equivalence is called a " gloss translation " in which the translator aims at reproducing as literally and meaningfully as possible the form and content of the original .	16	Singular
Jews do , it is well known , make inordinate demands upon themselves and upon one another .	12	Plural
Press gently down on its back , and gently move its legs back if it tries to stand up .	15	Singular
It s a Reel and i have danced to it before ..	9	Singular
Thus , it suggests the use of digital games in an integrated way the school activities in the classroom .	3	Singular
WHEN : JUNE 12 , 2005 , 2:00 P.M. TO 2:00 A.M.	8	Singular
I 've had 2 cuts now from Georgia and have paid more in other salons / barbershops and have not received this kind of treatment or cut !	4	Plural
César was personally informed of Pompey 's actions by Curio , who at that time had finished his term in office .	17	Singular
either way you also need to keep an eye on the temperature if you are using a dry fish tank as UV lights in my experience up the temperature significantly and without proper ventilation it can become an oven .	19	Singular
even if they did , our risk is limited to the premium , not some big payout .	5	Plural
The few times I have consulted with a travel agent I was able to find the same for less on my own , and more options than what they were selling .	2	Plural
“ I do n’t know what G.D.P. growth was during the Washington and Lincoln Administrations , but the institutional developments in those terms had large and long - lasting effects . ”	7	Singular
He would arrive early , never later than seven o'clock and sit there with a take-out coffee , a buttered roll , and an open newspaper on his lap , watching the glass door of the hotel .	27	Singular
My breyers need stables or barns though ..... and I need directions and materials on how to make them .	0	Singular
Stardust is a NASA space capsule that collected samples from comet 81P/Wild ( also known as " Wild 2 ) in deep space and landed back on Earth on January 15 , 2006 .	5	Singular
One of them is the channels that NBC as the broadcasting rights owner for the United States will use to air the Paralympic Games on .	15	Singular
If no one objects , I will be the lead coordinator on Florida starting tomorrow .	3	Singular
The act of moving from one place to another seemed to require all his attention , as though not to think of what he was doing would reduce him to immobility .	14	Singular
All you have to do is sign up for one free offer ( such as efax ) and then cancel within the offer time frame .	11	Singular
Having enjoyed a career peak at home in Australia , Geyer returned to live in Los Angeles in 1984 to concentrate on breaking into the musical scene there .	8	Singular
Money is , money and power and cold - blooded murderous incitement , nothing else .	11	Singular
So was Darren there last night to meet her or do you just think they 'd make a good match ?	8	Singular
We have to leave him at the vet for 3 days and I was told to call for check ups as often as I wished that no matter how many times I called I would not annoy them .	23	Singular
The latest spot for a real Hackney 's is Printers ' Row :	2	Singular
If you have some problems with your windows , you should call them .	4	Plural
Ukraine , with its high - quality human capital and diversified economy , is a potentially attractive investment destination .	11	Singular
Interviewers : Kevin McGowan - confirmed	3	Singular
You are unlikely to have the time or ability to aim for a soft landing-spot , body of water , or other impact site that might improve your chances of survival .	23	Singular
That needs to be made very clear .	0	Singular
Currently , I need three interviewers for Thursday , March 1st and one interviewer for Friday , March 2nd .	7	Singular
to distribute copies or phonorecords of , display publicly , perform publicly , and perform publicly by means of a digital audio transmission the Work including as incorporated in Collective Works ;	25	Singular
You can view or edit the contents of the file in any text editor .	6	Plural
The optimistic view is that those , like me , who find ourselves fearing the relative wage distribution of the future as a source of mammoth inequality and power imbalance simply suffer from a failure of imagination .	16	Singular
ever since Harry had come home for the summer holidays , Uncle Vernon had been treating him like a bomb that might go off at any moment , because Harry Potter was n't a normal boy .	26	Singular
It is the portion from this second boundary up to the outer boundary , the imaginary line that connects the lighthouse landmark at Punta del Este to the lighthouse landmark at Punta Rasa .	21	Singular
Stillman 's behavior had been too obscure to give any hints .	2	Singular
I think it s only fair that nowadays every town should provide at least one halal cafe or restaurant and hopefully one day every British catering establishment will be halal .	26	Singular
The New York City skyline and 4th of July fireworks are spectacular over the river .	8	Singular
It sounds like your dog may benefit from being hospitalized , and put on IV fluids to help his hydration , administer the antibiotics IV , and to ensure that he starts to recover .	30	Singular
It needs greater definition on the issue of what is to be done at Community level in terms of employment policy .	14	Singular
Both have shared this country for the last 14 centuries and there is no possible way that one can live without the other .	3	Singular
( not church morality , no that is phoney , love thy neighbor ... hell no , kill thy neighbor - now that is REAL MORALITY ????? )	12	Singular
They have crushed red pepper flakes and oregano .	5	Plural
Game 3 : Monday , June 11 @ 7:00 PM vs. Los Angeles SPARKS	9	Singular
For instance , you might say something like , " I do n't know why every song on the radio nowadays has a Texas Flynn feature . Does he even have time to record between rehab stints ? "	28	Singular
For example , when you move a Product field to the filter area , you can have the chart display category and series values for one product at a time .	11	Singular
Again Dr. Fortier threw rocks at the bear and again its target was able to escape .	1	Singular
‘’ Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , ” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan ’s National Security Directorate . ]	10	Singular
The mycelium is sentient .	1	Singular
I 'm a soccer mom so I was n't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear .	16	Singular
Well , I had my seventeenth and eighteenth birthdays in the detention camp at Fort Howard , the guest of Her Majesty 's governor , said Odara , that I know .	2	Singular
In the core of the city , named avenues run north / south and are named after US cities , generally in repeating alphabetical order ( for example , Winston - Yale - Allegheny - Braden ) .	8	Plural
In May 2004 , Patrick Hughes , Lieutenant General ( Retired ) , Assistant Secretary for Information Analysis , Homeland Security Department testified before the 9/11 Commission .	5	Singular
" Terry said he made that filing in the interest of Californians , but I find that argument has no basis in fact . ''	22	Singular
The bib has a wallet pocket and a watch pocket .	5	Singular
Marcelo L. Meira Sr IT Developer Enron Networks - Houston , TX ( 713 ) 345-3436	5	Singular
would someone give me some information about migratory birds in punjab ?	8	Plural
For instance , if the person has a band-related username , you might say : " Hey , cool name . Did you see those guys when they last came to town ? "	1	Singular
The move highlighted the company 's desire for users to start thinking of its products as more than just productivity tools .	4	Singular
It shall promote understanding , tolerance and friendship among all nations , racial or religious groups , and shall further the activities of the United Nations for the maintenance of peace .	30	Singular
A ROMANCE IN EIGHT DAYS by JOHANN VALENTIN ANDREAE in a new version by JOHN CROWLEY illustrated by THEO FADEL	19	Singular
" Inhibitory systems are essential for controlling the pattern of activity in the cortex , which has important implications for the mechanisms of cortical operation , according to a Yale School of Medicine study in Neuron ....	16	Singular
It 's dark , dingy & dirty .	1	Singular
These works were written under the name of William Wilson , and he produced them at the rate of about one a year , which brought in enough money for him to live modestly in a small New York apartment .	38	Singular
My bday is Saturday :) and I wan na have breakfast / lunch with my fam .	15	Singular
So , can rabbits and chickens live together as long as they have separate places for their food and water ?	14	Plural
The study of volcanoes is called volcanology , sometimes spelled vulcanology .	4	Singular
This hotel is adequate enough , but there is an obvious problem with the staff and management .	14	Singular
Include items like toiletries , toilet paper , bottled water , snacks and a change of clothes in case you can not unpack everything in time .	23	Singular
Here and there bits of ancient Maya stonework can be seen reused in Spanish Colonial era buildings in the old part of town .	22	Singular
By April of '71 the Dow had climbed back to 950 , only to fall to 869 in February of '72 .	5	Singular
The warm chocolate cake was very tasty , but served at room temperature , not warm by any stretch of the imagination .	3	Singular
It is also a fact that almost everybody in the region blames this situation on the United States , on Israel , on Western Civilization , on Judaism and Christianity , on anyone and anything , except themselves .	1	Singular
This idealized vision of the Romanov monarchy blinded him to the actual state of his country .	12	Singular
While other may be ok waiting in line at Town Bagel we are happy with the quality and service we get at Family Bagels	16	Singular
She has professional hair , lightly streaked .	1	Singular
One minister reportedly handed out 100 dollar ' gifts ' to journalists attending a press conference for Allawi , a practice that brings back bad memories to many Iraqis .	22	Singular
The centre of the falls is known locally as ‘ Garganta Del Diablo ’ ( The Devil ’s Throat ) , where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air .	24	Singular
This has resulted in a major rail accident in Pakistan involving three trains and involving more than 300 deaths .	12	Plural
The Archbishop is , to use an old word , a portly man .	1	Singular
i 'm a red sox fan so i was glad that the phillies won .	4	Plural
" I do n't know whether they sell them to outsiders . "	10	Plural
He 'd also like to see greater enforcement and investigative powers for the Real Estate Council of Ontario ( RECO ) , which regulates agents in the province .	7	Singular
Sheer contrast to getting it done at karol bagh which is done under the wooden plank	1	Singular
I trust you and believe that you 'll be able to handle this and all you have to do is to reciprocate !	0	Singular
A large central market and numerous small shops are found all around the main plaza .	14	Singular
Notwithstanding the foregoing two ( 2 ) sentences , if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder , it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor .	7	Plural
Probing the ' palace coup '	3	Singular
It does n’t have a moment .	5	Singular
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608 .	1	Singular
Some places do the registration right at the hospital .... in some smaller places , you need to register your child 's birth at the town hall / registrar 's office .	30	Singular
The letter bombs were sent in connection with the treatment of the Egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the WTC and a related plot .	1	Singular
I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .	21	Singular
Do this repeatedly and frequently and he will learn to walk on a leash .	13	Singular
Meanwhile , his place in tribune was occupied by Marco Antonio , who held the position until December .	2	Singular
As you know , like Mr Rack , I come from a transit country , where this issue plays a particularly important role .	2	Plural
The way China develops is vital for the way our own societies develop .	8	Singular
Soliloquies had been used mainly to convey information about characters or events ;	7	Singular
This is to advise you that we have available , for your business or personal use , Stan 's four ( 4 ) WNBA Comets tickets .	25	Plural
I do n't want to wait till month end , let 's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order , let s take that value into June since it relates to July puts .	25	Plural
The self of the individual lies hidden in the innermost layers of existence ( kosas ) .	12	Singular
If you are really desperate for something to pass the time and are willing to shell out the best part of £ 30 for 2 two people then go for it .	30	Singular
Our exploratory study included three basic steps .	0	Plural
Implementing a Tax System that allows working Americans making under $ 250,000 to keep all of their money .	7	Plural
Attached are the GCP Signoffs on EOL Approvals for 11/29/00 with GCP responses marked in Red .	6	Singular
Turkey and Thailand are mired in political crises that reflect long - simmering domestic conflicts .	3	Plural
The white pages allowed me to get in touch with parents of my high school friends so that I could track people down one by one and the restaurant section is basically my cookbook .	4	Singular
What greatness had not floated on the ebb of that river into the mystery of an unknown earth ! ...	13	Singular
$ 4 b - Actual monthly cost of the US military presence in Iraq according to Secretary of Defence Rumsfeld in 2004 .	18	Singular
It s simply not just a case of avoiding pork , alcohol and only being allowed to eat halal prepared meat , but the kitchen and its utensils should not have been used for prohibited foods .	9	Singular
It is important to note that there is also a departure tax of CUC 25 , to be paid in cash when departing Cuba by airplane ; this is not required for boat departures .	32	Singular
Keep your security question a secret .	5	Singular
You live the moment , without any perspective , but you can not break free of the moment , forget the moment .	17	Singular
Throw on some old clothes or put a smock over clothes you want protected .	4	Plural
Prevention has to be our answer to disasters of this kind and this draft Directive is an important step towards well - trained safety advisers being available , so that the right action is taken in good time .	23	Singular
One of “ NCRC4ME ’s ” major efforts is to collect signatures for the attached “ Declaration of Religious Leaders , ” which has been and will again be presented to members of the NC legislature .	23	Singular
For a Jew from Eastern Europe it has been completely typical war , death of mother , death of father , death of sister , four years in disguise among the Germans , death of wife , death of son .	15	Singular
Certainly , Nguyen is the one of first names of many people in Vietnam , only in Vietnam .	13	Singular
And China relied heavily on the US dollar to anchor its undervalued currency , allowing it to boost its export competitiveness .	18	Singular
eHow was and continues to be the largest and how to website in the world .	11	Singular
It ’s really hard to tell .	0	Singular
There are many reasons to say Disney cruise is the best bet for you to have a enjoyable holiday tour .	3	Plural
This is a thought that sometimes crosses Jewish minds .	1	Singular
Debra Perlingiere	0	Singular
The USI art gallery celebrated the Thursday opening with its display of Warhol 's Polaroids , gelatin silver prints and several colored screen prints .	6	Singular
I just got back from france yesterday and just missed the food already !	11	Singular
" Christianity , and especially Catholicism , being a complete repression of man 's depraved tendencies , is the greatest element in Social Order . "	23	Singular
The object of the game is to score the most points and the game ends when the seeker snatches the snitch .	1	Singular
The advisor kept me up to date and informed on the progress of my vehicle .	13	Singular
I 'll make the change .	0	Singular
( Some might cynically say that keeping MBAs and economists out of real businesses is a blessing , but I doubt that that is really true . )	15	Singular
In addition , there is also another hotel at the airport as well as multiple guest houses around the island .	7	Singular
They are professional , knowledgeable , and take meticulous care and pride in accomplishing their work .	15	Singular
After all , our organizational performance is seldom measured in terms of how safe we are or how many rules we follow .	3	Plural
As for the Clinton administration , let me say one thing in its defense .	3	Singular
A popular area on the weekend with a mixed vibe of hipster and hip hop .	11	Singular
Crossed together ( five toes is incompletely dominate ) chicks could develop to have an fifth toe on both , or even one foot .	16	Singular
When you distribute a Web page that uses components , users who do not have the components installed will be prompted to install the components , provided the Web page designer configures the components to do so .	10	Plural
The whole Western Addition and a large portion of the Haight was black .	7	Singular
We are currently moving to a new server , so we will be down for a while .	10	Plural
While studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual works and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no work has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes .	13	Plural
He 'd almost be glad of a sight of his arch-enemy , Draco Malfoy , just to be sure it had n't all been a dream .	10	Singular
And all sorts of other oxalates are also sequestering carbon dioxide through the minerals that are being formed and taken out of the rock matrix .	13	Plural
He was a common trader , from his youth up employed in these parts – nothing more .	4	Singular
I sent a phone to Mobile Phone Exchange and it failed a test due to lost or stolen what should I do ?	20	Singular
Learn from a Cesar Gracie black belt and former ufc fighter !	9	Singular
He was replaced around the turn of the 16 th century by Robert Armin , who played roles such as Touchstone in As You Like It and the fool in King Lear .	30	Singular
Saturday , October 9 , 2010	0	Singular
If you need someone to help you out with your heating problems , I DEFINITELY would call TIGER HEATING and AIR .	11	Plural
I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $ 65 puts are in the money and the $ 75 call is also in the money .	18	Singular
In addition , the police forces have successfully conducted a number of operations to dismantle workshops and seize large numbers of counterfeit banknotes and coins before they enter into circulation .	29	Singular
Hey guys , take Monday off !	4	Singular
It only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa .	31	Singular
As you know , like Mr Rack , I come from a transit country , where this issue plays a particularly important role .	17	Singular
I definitely recommend him :)	3	Singular
" In the wake of Hurricane Katrina , affordable housing in New Orleans is more scarce than ever .	11	Singular
I came upon more pieces of decaying machinery , a stack of rusty rails .	10	Singular
You might notice some differences in your PivotTable view after you export it to Excel .	4	Plural
The king did not take special precautions during his escape and was recognized multiple times during his stays .	14	Plural
He was friends with Théophile Gautier and Pierre - Marie - Charles De Bernard du Grail De La Villette , and he knew Victor Hugo .	1	Singular
Did it very well , too , no doubt , and without thinking much about it either , except afterwards to brag of what he had gone through in his time , perhaps .	30	Singular
The price is quoted in JPY ( the ' Foreign Currency ' ) per US Dollar ( the ' Base Currency ' ) .	14	Singular
( 2 ) Everyone has the right to leave any country , including his own , and to return to his country .	3	Singular
If you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .	38	Plural
Whereas recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom , justice and peace in the world ;	15	Plural
The Kerry camp blames Bush for the Swift boat veterans ’ attack , but anyone who has spent much time talking to the Swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons .	23	Plural
not tonight , Dandy-Roly I 'm on my best behaviour .	3	Singular
This tax is not well publicized but it is essential to remember it .	0	Singular
The city maintains several tourist information offices , all of which can offer helpful information on accommodation , free maps , and bus connections .	1	Singular
" Had it happened an hour later it would have been much worse , " Khaled Al-Maeena , editor at large at the Saudi Gazette , said .	24	Singular
and I said , YES , CENTER CITY PHILLY , and he says , NO , Warwick is a township , If you 're at a Radison in Warwick that s too far , try dominos in Pottstown .	16	Singular
5 - Number of major US airports at the beginning of 2004 that the Transportation Security Administration admitted were Not fully screening baggage electronically .	22	Singular
The Alliance of Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Congo rebels captured Lubumbashi in April 1997 .	9	Singular
Last June , an international initiative led by Japan to persuade the LTTE to come back to the negotiating table failed despite an aid package offer of US$ 4.5 billion .	23	Singular
For example , you can collapse the outer field ( Year ) in the example so that the inner field items are no longer displayed .	20	Plural
One critic explained that " there is a center and a circumference to Balzac 's world .	1	Singular
You can export just the data from a table , query , datasheet , form , or report into an XML file .	14	Singular
Using the default SA account , users can access the SQL Server database through the Access project without any additional security requirements .	12	Singular
In Macbeth , for example , the language darts from one unrelated metaphor or simile to another .	12	Singular
Brushing at dust was the commonest gesture in town .	2	Singular
Bilbray joined the " gouging " band wagon .	6	Singular
I have found this hotel in the Lonely Planet guide .	8	Singular
Its maximum low - altitude speed is Mach 2.2 , some three times faster than the American - made Harpoon .	4	Singular
The top two are going ' head to head ' in a final vote on that opens on Wednesday on - http://www.stuff.co.nz/dominion-post/	18	Singular
The suspicion was founded on many false premises , and there was no reliable publicly known evidence indicating his guilt .	19	Singular
I am told that our respective credit departments want to raise the credit lines to $ 10 M for each party , but to effect that we will have to modify the existing Guaranties accordingly .	20	Singular
In my letter to Le Monde I had said that in the French tradition there were two attitudes toward the Jews : a revolutionary attitude which had resulted in their enfranchisement , and an anti-Semitic one .	30	Singular
I am just middle aged and do not want to die , but thanks to this doctor i have no other alternatives .	1	Singular
I found nothing else to do but to offer him one of my good Swede 's ship 's biscuits I had in my pocket .	18	Plural
it 's almost like paradise there	4	Singular
In the Warren Jeffs cult he reassigns wives if the husband displeases him or to reward the new husband .	2	Singular
But one should not go here expecting something fantastic , unless perhaps you 've never had middle - eastern food before , or succulent duck , tasty lamb , decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts .	35	Singular
One twelfth of each annual amount shall be payable to Bulgaria and Romania on the first working day of each month in the corresponding year .	16	Singular
A genteel lot , very conscious of their dignity , man-about-town and all that , you can imagine how the white toughies feel about all those white collars round black necks in the bar .	33	Singular
The crane accident comes just ten days before the beginning of the Hajj , the annual pilgrimage to Mecca , Islam 's holiest site .	23	Singular
( I 've even had a pair of killies leave eggs on a floating thermometer !	14	Singular
By the peace treaty Spain ceded to the United States its colonies of Puerto Rico , Guam , and the Philippines .	13	Singular
What 's their personality like ?	2	Plural
Superstars	0	Plural
And that 's the way the greatest bear market since the Depression worked its way down .	13	Singular
you have brought someone else into his territory , and he needs to be reminded that you still love him , and support his claim to his space .	7	Singular
Amazon has become the fourth American company with the largest market capitalisation , surpassing ExxonMobil .	0	Singular
The cargo on the voyage from which he has just returned was Dead Sea potash .	1	Singular
The day before the outbreak of World War II , Łódź was inhabited by approximately 672,000 people , among whom 35 % were of Jewish faith and some 15 % were ethnic German .	11	Singular
Mr. ARCHIBALD : People have different ways of starting the days in any office .	0	Singular
I had to go to the BBC for this report .	9	Singular
He clearly enjoyed , as governor , watching executions .	0	Singular
Fort Lee is bordered by Edgewater , Englewood Cliffs , Cliffside Park and Leonia .	10	Singular
Next to the door was a tall wrought-iron candle holder — the kind that stood at either end of the altar .	20	Singular
This name was formed by using COMp , for computer , and PAQ to denote a small integral object .	1	Singular
Unemployent stays low because half the population oversees those " out of the workforce " , the dregs , the rabble , the enemy ?	0	Singular
If possible , I think the cleanest way to run this biz would be to put a box around the prime broker biz .	22	Singular
Dobby has heard Dumbledore 's powers rival those of He Who Must Not Be Named at the height of his strength .	7	Plural
Again , it was a good chance for me to get to know what I can do in this field and what I have to more focus on in school .	29	Singular
I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000 .	3	Plural
No more than a general impression – even though he was there , looking at those things with his own eyes .	18	Singular
If you get a good wife , you 'll become happy ; if you get a bad one , you 'll become a philosopher .	5	Singular
You can also provide the schema to other businesses and applications so that they know how they should structure any data they provide to you and they , in turn , can provide their schema to you .	13	Plural
The reports say she is suspected of having been a member of Al Qaeda 's " Chemical Wire Group . "	16	Singular
An XML schema file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document , providing a series of element names , as well as which elements are allowed in the document and in what combinations .	4	Singular
I spoke to her prior to my note .	0	Singular
I am sorry for him , he is a good dad	10	Singular
I would like to draw people 's attention to Amendments Nos 1 and 2 which were agreed by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs but not accepted by the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .	35	Singular
Also , revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from PGE at rates above TW 's tariff rates were adjusted accordingly .	10	Singular
That 's very sweet of you , dear , but it 's dull work , said Mrs Weasley .	13	Singular
In his last phase , he wrote tragicomedies , also known as romances , and collaborated with other playwrights .	3	Singular
Additionally , when there was confusion ( my fault ) , they left me flowers along with a personalized gift .	14	Plural
Vangie McGilloway Constellation Power Source , Inc. ( " CPS " ) 111 Market Place Ste 500 Baltimore , MD 21202 Phone 410-468-3798 Fax 410-468-3499 Email vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com	25	Singular
In an imperial decree the following month , Norton summoned the Army to depose the elected officials of the U.S. Congress :	16	Plural
I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions ( first Argentina ) and thought your expertise would be very helpful .	11	Plural
Moving fields to the data area	1	Plural
When you filter a field , you select one or more items of data in the field that you want to view , and hide the other items .	13	Singular
This is simply a protective mechanism for their false image or their fantasy land .	0	Singular
Neiafu is the official port of entry for yachts coming to Vava'u , which attracts over 500 yachts every winter sailing season between June and October .	20	Singular
As he walked up Riverside Drive , he became aware of the fact that he was no longer following Stillman .	7	Singular
And I thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations , particularly in the context of something as serious as a US senatorial campaign , by talking about their drinking the night before .	4	Singular
Of the metal music farce , Ministry has definately made in - road into ' Loose Change " - " Alex Jones " territory with their new record , Rio Grande Blood .	16	Singular
When the elevator is going from the bottom floor to the top , as soon as the doors close , exclaim that you lost your tarantula / snake / scorpion but confirm that it is somewhere in the elevator .	38	Singular
Fri May 12 , 2006 at 08:27:46 PM PDT	1	Singular
When Dando 's opinion of someone was really low he did not seem to hear his name .	5	Singular
He exchanged dark looks with his wife , Petunia .	5	Singular
Merrist Wood in Woking in Surrey .	3	Singular
if you do n’t lay a good foundation here , then the punchline wo n’t make sense to the audience or they wo n’t find it humorous .	21	Plural
Dobby might have saved Harry from horrible happenings at Hogwarts , but the way things were going , he 'd probably starve to death anyway .	18	Singular
large selection of fiction , science fiction and best sellers .	9	Plural
The outward appearance makes you think this place is nice , but everything inside is cheap cheap cheap .	2	Singular
The home page for Rockin on the River is , and it lists all the acts scheduled for the season .	12	Singular
I guess the questions on which I should like your steer are : ( a ) Do you have a particular sensitivity about the reference to bad faith proceedings made by United India ?	6	Singular
Last year we just knew we were going to the playoffs ; we knew we were going post-season .	12	Plural
This is just to let you know that Emma gave birth at week 34 on Friday , 6th July , to our triplets :	18	Singular
Travelled 40 mins after calling to see if a product was in stock .	9	Singular
And , third , Marx was fixated on the labor - theory of value .	5	Singular
The below site from the US government verifies this - it 's the same for Canada , too .....	15	Singular
John Staikos Direct Dial :? 203.961.7523 Direct Fax :? 203.674.7723 E-mail :? johnstaikos@paulhastings.com	0	Singular
I had to ask the greeter , he explained his reasons with broken English .	13	Singular
When the elevator is going from the bottom floor to the top , as soon as the doors close , exclaim that you lost your tarantula / snake / scorpion but confirm that it is somewhere in the elevator .	3	Singular
It is a cloth napkin kind of place , but I thought well worth it .	3	Singular
( 1 ) Everyone has duties to the community in which alone the free and full development of his personality is possible .	19	Singular
Supermechanized , ultraefficient , they give the crew no time in foreign ports .	12	Plural
You should use the same spreadsheet format used for the 1/29/02 DPR .	5	Singular
The fingers closed slowly on it and held – there was no other movement and no other glance .	1	Plural
The light from the door made the shadows under the bleachers darker , the long space stretched far away .	7	Plural
Stephanie 's knowledge of the market and properties in our price range , made us feel secure in our decision to buy when we did .	5	Singular
I had paid in cash , and he said he had no receipt / record of my purchase .	7	Singular
Ginny seemed very prone to knocking things over whenever Harry entered a room .	0	Singular
In my dream I told her , “ Stay , Sonia . Stay . ”	5	Singular
They grabbed what they could get for the sake of what was to be got .	11	Singular
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 Fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 Email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	3	Singular
E E Cummings , locked up by the French government , finds his aesthetic paradise in the detention camp of Ferte Mace .	1	Singular
That 's what keeps us coming back for more .	0	Singular
My major influences on performance are Eugene Burger and Michael Skinner .	6	Singular
Overall , 2005 is sure to be a year you wo n't forget .	3	Singular
Although , I do n't think that scary movies will affect pets for a long time ; I am sure they 'll forget sometime -- or am I wrong ?	17	Singular
The Canadian investigator of the plane crash Larry Vance told SPIEGEL that he is convinced that one of the pilots had intended to land the machine on the ocean surface - so that it would sink .	2	Singular
The federal government proactively reports on aggregate performance pay and bonus levels for each department , but the latest web posting is for 2013 - 2014 — or two years out of date .	19	Singular
click the START button	2	Singular
Frustrated , the Americans decided for the best of reasons , as always , to make a heavier move :	9	Plural
My husband has met beautiful , beautiful girls --	7	Plural
Mr Malfoy 's lip curled .	3	Singular
That sounds like a BS excuse from ECS , but it that 's what they are saying , let me know and we can figure out a solution .	22	Plural
Steps	0	Plural
I talked with Gary Wilson , and he confirmed that the revised values are correct .	7	Singular
Mr President , Commissioner , I should first like to congratulate Mr Koch on his reports which , though technical , are nonetheless of very great significance for safety .	28	Singular
I am writing you in absolute confidence primarily to seek your assistance in acquiring oil funds that are presently trapped in the republic of Iraq .	14	Singular
But before you fight and win , by force or otherwise , you have to realize that you are in a war , and this may take Europe a few more years .	24	Singular
Courage the cowardly dog ?	0	Singular
It may also be privileged or otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal rules .	9	Singular
This one is better for rats .	5	Plural
Let me tell you how this works and most important , why it works ..........	6	Singular
It had better nutritional value and it s also less expensive .	6	Singular
We have been able to keep ENA 's direct group expenses flat year on year , we are trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well .	0	Plural
We must ask ourselves a fundamental question :	4	Singular
It ’s not a mistake .	0	Singular
Family visits were allowed on Thursday nights and Fridays .	6	Plural
USDA employee Johnelle Bryant first told us , in sensational detail , of Atta 's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster .	3	Singular
They promise them the delights , mostly sexual , of the next world , and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead .	17	Plural
Nevertheless , I see that in a book called Things to Come two Americans who think themselves anything but undeveloped and helpless , Herman Kahn and B Bruce-Briggs , are not impressed by Russian achievements .	34	Plural
" Balzac himself attributed his condition to " intellectual congestion " , but his extended confinement in the " alcove " was surely a factor .	24	Singular
I have already submitted my resume and cover letter right after the talk .	8	Singular
When it serves their business needs , all of them collaborate beautifully .	1	Singular
Subject : Europol	0	Singular
Hey Tonto ( a.k.a - the trusty , but silent , side - kick to the Lone Ranger or in this case the Big D )	24	Singular
I personally have had wonderful service and if you re truely looking for a FAMILY practice ... Warner Family is the place for you .	5	Singular
The Jacob cycle at Auckland Castle is the only UK example of a continental collection preserved in situ in purpose-built surroundings .	1	Singular
I found her through a colleague one day when one of my clients was in the midst of a panic attack and needed professional help that I am not qualified to provide .	27	Singular
If the negotiations stall , it seems like I need to go ahead and cut off the utilities .	17	Plural
Once he had taken the leap into that name , he had stopped thinking about Auster himself .	10	Singular
Rebecca Edwards had just told Neil Bayley that Felix Pasilis , the Pettigrews ' Greek friend , was furious with her because she 'd forgotten some essential herb that he wanted for his sheep ...	9	Singular
Patty Lee Corporate Tax x35172 EB 1774	4	Singular
We have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of December 1 , 1999 .	10	Singular
Can ssome oone please tell me where i can buy some weed in auckland .	13	Singular
BAD COFFEE , DO NT BOTHER !	1	Singular
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page , we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers .	16	Plural
The current New Zealand flag is partially based on the United Kingdom 's flag ;	13	Singular
Our last call was Iris Kind , Bill Savier ( sp ? ) , and Jeff Davis .	7	Singular
“ The Vietnam War was winding down , and the Air Force was putting pilots in desk jobs .	17	Plural
Although Balzac was a supporter of the crown , Balzac paints the counter - revolutionaries in a sympathetic light - even though they are the center of the book 's most brutal scenes .	22	Plural
Is this how your clients usually evaluate these properties ?	0	Singular
In the words of my new accountant , THEY LET ME DOWN !	8	Plural
i want something cheap east to take care of and something to hopefully fit in my room	2	Singular
The direction of saccades is determined by an interaction between the goals of the observer and the physical properties of the different elements of the scene ( e.g. colour , texture , brightness etc ) .	22	Plural
As far as I know , Madam President , lies are not accepted in any parliament .	9	Plural
We are absolutely confident that Stuart 's ethical and focused strategies will see these trends continue to grow , and our business will reap the rewards of this program .	0	Plural
Rest was too oily .	1	Singular
Add six Skittles to 25 ml of vodka .	5	Plural
Moving back to Calgary in about a month which is a little sooner than I thought I would be going back but when opportunity knocks you got ta go .	14	Singular
They bake bread fresh daily , they do n't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it , and the meat is always fresh .	22	Singular
what is a kimberwick bit used for ?	4	Singular
WHERE : 550 West C St. ( b/t Columbia & India ) Suite 1810 Law Offices of Levine , Steinberg , Miller & Huver 619-231-9449	3	Singular
Tips for picking a good security question :	5	Singular
I have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm ( Houston time ) with Antonio Felix de Araujo Cintra from the Tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in Brazil .	16	Singular
A query that uses wildcard characters in a criteria expression can produce different results under each query mode .	17	Singular
My understanding was that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC 's online profile in order for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC 's peak load periods .	4	Singular
The family suite was basically two rooms with a small opening between them which worked great for us because we were two families traveling together .	12	Plural
And what is it that has led the Jews to place themselves , after the greatest disaster of their history , in a danger zone ?	2	Singular
We 've got a Steven , the one word that did n't crash my spell - check , despite it being followed by a Vikash Chand Abdul Shakur .	0	Plural
" We applaud China 's space achievements , " NASA spokesman Allard Beutel said Tuesday .	1	Plural
She has gone into the issue in some depth and in the committee debate she took account of many of the amendments that have been tabled regarding this report .	21	Plural
* Offers a 7.5 cent / dth rate to large customers while minimizing rate changes to other customers , minimizing the incentive for these customers to seek to bypass local transmission charges and other CPUC - approved charges . *	7	Singular
OBSERVATION -- The pressure to finger somebody for " price gouging " is increasing .	3	Singular
Arab boys are racing their donkeys down the hill .	1	Plural
I assume you have your anwser and do n't need me .	0	Singular
He said after 10 years of DNA testing on northern Rockies wolves , scientists have not found a single strain that did not belong to one of the wolves the agency released -- or their descendants .	0	Singular
Let us hope , therefore , that the proposals of the Commission will be sufficient to make sure this job will be done effectively .	8	Plural
it was assumed that he would pick up family and other relationships merely by being exposed to them .	1	Singular
The daytime temperature varies ; in January , it is about 24 ° C ( 75 ° F ) and in June , about 35 ° C ( 95 ° F ) .	21	Singular
And always , always train with love and positive methods - never hit or harshly scold .	6	Singular
No injuries or deaths were reported in the attacks from either side , but South Korea evacuated about 80 people in the town of Yeoncheon after at least one shell landed near the area .	14	Singular
As a young man , he had published several books of poetry , had written plays , critical essays , and had worked on a number of long translations .	5	Singular
I fancy I see it now , but I am not sure – not at all .	9	Singular
Just said i was inoperable and walked out of the hospital room .	11	Singular
I do not get along with my family .	6	Singular
He 's dropping weight , but most of that came from being at the trainer s and being ridden hard for 60 days .	22	Plural
Its meaning is " Infinite happiness is everywhere " .	6	Singular
i have bought some long reptile feeding tweezers and have tried holding the pinky in front of the snake 's face .	20	Singular
I prefer darker colors because I can see their eggs , more easily and the fish look better next to them .	20	Plural
Change there to the 13 line toward " Chatillon Montrouge " and take it until the " Montparnasse Bienvenue " station .	18	Singular
Can I create a joint Facebook account or share a Facebook account with someone else ?	11	Singular
I hope my proposal will be taken into consideration in tomorrow 's vote .	10	Singular
Although Balzac was a supporter of the crown , Balzac paints the counter - revolutionaries in a sympathetic light - even though they are the center of the book 's most brutal scenes .	4	Singular
I would do the tupperwear idea TBH - easiest and most humane .	5	Singular
Supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening , but I 'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal .	5	Singular
Fred twiddled the steering wheel .	3	Singular
Have you had interaction with " new readers ' through your Mets work ?	7	Plural
The officers were able to subdue the 53 year old during the act on Sunday morning .	12	Singular
I think the first step is a call between yourself , me , Mark Stubley and Mike Indivero .	5	Singular
China emerged from the late-1990 ' s Asian financial crisis as the region 's most resilient economy , and I suspect the same will be true this time .	16	Singular
You all remember the Iraqi Minister of Information , Mr. Mouhamad Said al - Sahaf and his press conferences when the US forces were already inside Baghdad .	21	Singular
Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer , or should this be more generic ?	7	Singular
The theme this year was " Maternal and Child Health and Nutrition . "	8	Singular
Bill was the oldest Weasley brother .	5	Singular
I could handle my mice , but they where skittish and preferred their cage .	7	Plural
the Member States obtain more powers .	3	Plural
Among the weapons intercepted were two rocket - propelled - grenade launchers , 20 assault rifles , M - 79 grenade launchers and more than 10,000 rounds of ammunition .	6	Singular
If you want to take it a step further , look around questioningly at everyone in the elevator when no one gets off at the floors you pushed . [ 1 ]	21	Singular
I think that in this kind of structure there is a very gradual clarification of the relationship and the forth going on .	19	Singular
She stayed because I held her there by looking at her , the way you can sometimes will a dog into submission .	0	Singular
Using DISTINCT in an aggregate function reference , for example , SUM-DISTINCT-Price	4	Singular
all of the pho places taste the same to me , so what seperates one from the other is the service and the price .	13	Singular
Hong Kong Island was ceded to Britain , and certain ports , including Shanghai and Guangzhou , were opened to British trade and residence .	21	Singular
Try their weekend " tastings " which you can learn about by getting on their weekly email list .	14	Plural
A very good friend of mine highly recommended the Professional Driving School and I was told to specifically ask for Gerry .	3	Singular
On September 9 , 2002 , Aldrin was lured to a Beverly Hills hotel on the pretext of being interviewed for a Japanese children 's television show on the subject of space .	25	Singular
I suggest Mr Evans goes back and reads the Regulation .	7	Singular
Over 12 months , CM Photographics generated nearly 40,000 dollars in revenue directly from a 600 dollars advertising investment on Facebook .	9	Plural
Princeton islamist scholar Bernard Lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad , extremists like Zawahiri agree that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used .	16	Singular
That would eliminate the disturbing calls , at least temporarily .	0	Singular
The population increased , as many people from Luzon and the Visayas came to work either as fishermen or miners .	6	Plural
It appears the Company had received news that one of their captains had been killed in a scuffle with the natives .	20	Plural
On the other side of the flag there was a chart of the manual alphabet – LEARN TO SPEAK TO YOUR FRIENDS – that showed the hand positions for each of the twenty-six letters .	14	Singular
One reader pointed out that the President watched the Americans in the embassy when they took them hostage .	14	Plural
Alteration of the Mississippi River and the destruction of wetlands at its mouth have left the area around New Orleans abnormally vulnerable to the forces of nature .	19	Singular
Is it better to book a cruise online or by a travel agent ?	12	Singular
‘’ Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , ” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan ’s National Security Directorate . ]	35	Singular
They expect you back , she said with pride .	0	Plural
The band I started in 1993 , Spoken Motion , received a lot of recognition as a spoken word band born out of the New York spoken word scene .	25	Singular
Of the total 56 projects , 41 originate at the competent authorities of Member States , while 15 are an initiative of the Commission / OLAF .	14	Plural
PONCHATOULA , La. --	2	Singular
There was one Paul Auster in Manhattan , living on Riverside Drive – not far from Quinn 's own house .	1	Singular
My kid is making wonderful grades and has reassured me she will graduate within the four year period .	1	Singular
My house was empty and cold .	0	Singular
Local municipalities in Italy ask taxes from religious schools	1	Plural
I have been eating Cuban for a long time , sandwiches mainly along with other dishes ..	0	Singular
A Russian stamp for Paralympic Games in Sochi in 2014	4	Singular
I watched the coast .	3	Singular
See the steps for approval below .	2	Plural
attendance by commercial banking sector , specialist lawyers or chambers of commerce was not sufficient .	12	Singular
Which may explain the pattern to their stories : a journey to self - empowerment and the enlightenment of self - sacrifice inspired by the light and wisdom of Maryam and Massoud .	14	Singular
Le Monde gloated over this reversal .	5	Singular
Think of it this way .	3	Singular
I better pass on the Comets game .	0	Singular
When we start the summer process , we will interview the candidate and slot him for your group .	4	Singular
Finally , we ask that the Commission ensures that Structural Fund monies are spent in a way which is transparent .	6	Singular
I 'm talking soaking all the litter box and then some .	6	Singular
SEATTLE – Africa 's GDP is now growing faster than any other continent 's .	5	Singular
Like everything else , infrastructure and transportation has only just begun in recent years .	6	Singular
An F1 ticket grants access to the concert on the same day .	4	Singular
This place is identical to the Youngstown Sports Grille , so I imagine they are owned / operated by the same people .	2	Singular
In the second case , the M5S party asks to the regional government to assure the local administrations of the region regularly apply the sentence of the Supreme Court .	8	Singular
The work on my car was done quickly and I felt I could trust his work .	4	Singular
Keep a notebook by hand before you start your workday .	4	Singular
Got to love this place .	4	Singular
They have been accumulating for years , and basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he feels like it .	18	Singular
I have visited Dr. Cooper 's office twice and I am very impressed with how friendly and polite the staff is .	4	Singular
When starting off , follow closely to a language you like .	8	Singular
Finally , I would like to say that we have to consider safety in all types of transport .	2	Singular
He shook it , feeling the uncanny slenderness of her bones , and asked if her name was Norwegian .	10	Plural
Not to submit to what societies and governments consider to be important .	7	Plural
If you like the drama described in popular sitcom ' Seinfeld ' , you will see it here .	10	Singular
The fact that my name has been mixed up in this .	3	Singular
The hope was that anyone looking for the Aunt would see the family post and know that help was available .	2	Singular
Instituto Gonzaga , a catholic school in Milan . Image : Friedrichstrasse .	1	Singular
is the root element which encompasses the entire document .	8	Singular
The final slide of the opening presentation , delivered by GTC fellow Stephen Kennedy , was a cartoon depicting two young contestants set to begin a race :	2	Singular
On the other hand , Vine was art in six seconds .	7	Singular
The Industrial Revolution created a demand for metal parts used in machinery .	2	Singular
Rodents require special bedding in their cages to absorb their waste , and this needs to be cleaned regularly , or your hamster could suffer from problems due the buildup of ammonia from his urine .	29	Singular
Pan-democrat Lam Cheuk-ting from the Democratic Party and localist group Youngspiration 's Baggio Leung were successfully elected newcomers .	0	Singular
Unfortunately , they are talking about moving it so it will be on the year before the Paralympics .	9	Singular
The IPN report examines commercial fish species , but it neglects important non-commercial animals , such as seals and polar bears .	20	Plural
9 Chehel Sotoun ( The Palace of Forty Columns ) .	5	Singular
There will be two volumes to this saga .	6	Singular
Quinn stood up from the sofa and turned around , expecting to see Mrs. Stillman .	13	Singular
I started collecting animations & jokes just to help with my boredom and depression .	0	Singular
Reports from Port Blair make it evident that New Delhi gets little on - the - ground intelligence , and the Indian Coast Guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands .	37	Plural
I 'm aware of that .	4	Singular
Using the Save As command on the File menu will save a data access page that is similar in appearance and functionality to the original report .	8	Singular
A 1970 evaluation said Bush “ clearly stands out as a top notch fighter interceptor pilot ” and was “ a natural leader whom his contemporaries look to for leadership . ”	12	Singular
( 2 ) Everyone has the right to leave any country , including his own , and to return to his country .	21	Singular
prospective audiences differ both in decoding ability and in potential interest .	1	Plural
For anyone who wants to see the capital in all its glory , November 's a great time to go .	3	Singular
I mean there ’s certainly signs of it , and in the United States too , in fact we had a sit down strike in the United States not long ago , which is a very militant labor action .	23	Singular
Well one day he said to me You know i do n't wear Underwear as he was bent over Working on my Mare s Right front hoof .. and I was Like Ummmm okay ???	13	Singular
In all this so - called controversy , has anyone considered that perhaps George Bush just wanted to fly jets ?	2	Singular
Golden Age Spanish or Early Modern Spanish is the variant of the language that constitutes the transition from Medieval Spanish to Modern Spanish .	12	Singular
Groups : alt.animals.rights.promotion , alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.lion , alt.animals.tiger , alt.animals.felines.diseases , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.horses.breeding , alt.animals.felines.snowleopards	8	Singular
the circularisation of Barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off and substantiation analysis	9	Plural
As recently as last week the official line stated they had no knowledge he had entered the country .	17	Singular
Do n't be so ridiculous , Fred , said Mrs Weasley , her cheeks rather pink .	9	Singular
The world may be enraging and absurd – yet at least someone has the self - respect to keep protesting against that fact .	22	Singular
Then , suddenly , with great clarity and precision , he saw Bartleby 's window and the blank brick wall before him .	14	Singular
The XML protocol is a set of rules , guidelines , and conventions for designing data formats and structures , in a way that produces files that are easy to generate and easily read by different computers and applications .	2	Singular
I also realize that some may not have done any works on paper or they are outrageously expensive .	14	Plural
This was one of those historic moments that leave a lasting imprint on a society 's collective memory .	4	Plural
it seems like it s healthier too , but it s prolly not .	3	Singular
Only time will reveal whether Griffin 's expectations are either exceeded or confirmed .	5	Singular
Then , glancing down , I saw a face near my hand .	8	Singular
This right to love and form a family is so fundamental that our United States Constitution takes it for granted in its dedication to " secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity . ”	17	Singular
The good news is that all of this is temporary , because the evolution of international law has always adapted itself to reality .	20	Singular
Last year she came up to me during one of the games late in the season ; she was so happy we were going to the post season .	2	Singular
( 3 ) Everyone who works has the right to just and favourable remuneration ensuring for himself and his family an existence worthy of human dignity , and supplemented , if necessary , by other means of social protection .	13	Singular
To my friend , thank you for your recommendation ... you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a " Saintly Instructor ... Absolutely Simple the Best Instructor and Best Driving school there is !	23	Singular
It 's a massive multiplayer role playing game .	0	Singular
The recall of all OBSF stock in early April and retention on balance sheet ( reduced where economically viable ) until positions are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated .	8	Singular
Do the job honest and quickly as possible .	2	Singular
If you are looking for a good workout , the Creek Turnpike Trail follows the land 's original contours .	13	Singular
Mr President , Commissioner , I should first like to congratulate Mr Koch on his reports which , though technical , are nonetheless of very great significance for safety .	5	Singular
prospective audiences differ both in decoding ability and in potential interest .	6	Singular
Some critics consider Balzac 's writing exemplary of naturalism - a more pessimistic and analytical form of realism , which seeks to explain human behavior as intrinsically linked with the environment .	15	Singular
Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest .	9	Singular
They shut the owl in the paint locker while they debated what to do with it , and in the night John set it free .	21	Singular
The discovery of a number of ' bugs ' within the AS400 Merchanting code , arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality , which compounded the operational burden of supporting the OBSF .	32	Singular
Currently , Mercury and Venus is conjunct and the conjunction is being closely aspected by Rahu .	5	Singular
Ron had gone a nasty greenish colour , his eyes fixed on the house .	8	Singular
They were conquerors , and for that you want only brute force – nothing to boast of , when you have it , since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others .	11	Singular
Your amendments uphold two important principles : the right of rightholders to fair remuneration and the fine distinction concerning private digital copies .	1	Plural
For the sake of mankind , you should email our verdict to your friends .	10	Singular
By 1598 , his name had become a selling point and began to appear on the title pages .	4	Singular
The staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care my pup received was outstanding .	9	Singular
And those dolphin parts had a huge load of PCBs , dioxins and heavy metals .	5	Singular
I look forward to working toward a mutually satisfactory agreement in this new and thorny area of e-commerce contracting .	0	Singular
This common black ant eats other insects , and also aphid honeydew .	3	Singular
I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker ... and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me ... " the inspection guy is n't here today " .... for example .	28	Singular
Many of the plays had already appeared in quarto versions — flimsy books made from sheets of paper folded twice to make four leaves .	17	Singular
How about Friday , Sept. 17 , at 9 am ( Houston time ) which is 11 am ( Sao Paulo ) time ?	17	Singular
She gave a small , self-questioning shrug , admitting the glibness of another kind of daily talk in another time .	10	Singular
Why were they suddenly acted on Saturday ?	6	Singular
If demand were to increase , so too would risk capital , regardless of whether the markets are fragmented or not .	10	Singular
I still have them and they are doing well .	0	Singular
Remember the old shoe sizing machines that was a form of radiation xray ?	9	Singular
In 2008 , Endeavour and Atlantis await a journey on their respective launchpads .	8	Singular
" What we know is that he 's always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their enemies , " former CIA OBL unit counter terrorism chief Michael Scheuer has said .	28	Singular
We affirm freedom of conscience in this matter .	6	Singular
Is n’t the answer to that question that wise decisions are made with a basis from memory ?	9	Plural
Any advice would be greatly appreciated .	1	Singular
I just finish reading a really good book ( it was actually a ebook ) from some new series called the The Tale of Terra .	10	Singular
The Palestinian militant organisation Hamas has announced an end to rocket attacks on Israel from the Gaza Strip after a weekend of escalating violence .	16	Singular
We hope that in time , we will have millions of articles with many of them having featured status .	9	Plural
Now it is time to take the next steps and achieve even greater progress in our public education system .	1	Singular
In the sixth floor music room , deep circular niches are found in the walls , having not only aesthetic value , but also acoustic .	9	Plural
the participant group had mean and standard deviation 60.23 ( 64.75 ) respectively , while the control group was 20.00 ( 42.65 ) .	17	Singular
And , he did n't think he needed to know anything about South Asia , with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics -- the latter a dire security threat to the US .	6	Singular
Do you know the online streaming link for Red FM 93.5 delhi ?	6	Singular
Not for the first time , an argument had broken out over breakfast at number four , Privet Drive .	7	Singular
We have not received access to this information which has resulted so far in additional electric cost of $ 200,987.33 for the period of July through September .	16	Singular
Or you could just scoop them out when the color dissolves .	10	Singular
No one uses 3 burst .	1	Singular
If ERCOT goes the way of California - either due to market power or poor market design rules - it will be a bad day for deregulation and for Pat Wood .	24	Singular
And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka .	2	Singular
Know this well because I remember an ' irish ' pub in the town in canada i grew up in used to advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town , but they served them in american sized pints .	32	Plural
Ryan Watt says high .	1	Singular
Judging by Nook Tablet 's processor it 's supposed to be quite faster !	3	Singular
Their first king was Mojmír I ( ruled 830 – 846 ) .	2	Singular
I shook hands with this miracle , and I learned he was the Company 's chief accountant , and that all the bookkeeping was done at this station .	16	Singular
I am serious about doing something .	5	Singular
The flight of Fei and Nie could mark the end of the opening chapter in a three - phase Chinese space initiative , Johnson - Freese said .	1	Singular
We have the technology ; if you are going to spend billions of dollars touting " FREEDOM " why not spend those billions making all of us free ?	11	Plural
The paper-type twist ties will deteriorate a little , but the dryer filter screen will catch the fallout .	2	Singular
She has not only helped me through some challenging computer - work and sports related injuries , she was wonderful to work with throughout my pregnancy and beyond .	25	Singular
He is credited with helping efforts to tackle the mountain of debt accumulated by local governments in China .	0	Singular
For this question I do n't know the ' preparedness ' of the Indian gov't to deal with this .	2	Singular
Do yourself a favor and give them a call .	1	Singular
I caught the third day of Corey 's Jeopardy run last night here at the office ( yes , I had to come back after the play ... I love my job ! ) .	6	Singular
These are the kids who will destroy society , because of the crapfest the American family has become under the post hippie culture , you heard again .	12	Singular
The Air Force only selected 180 Officers a year from the Academy , Squadron Officer School and ROTC to attend .	17	Singular
It was n't a quarry or a sandpit , anyhow .	7	Singular
As Pakistan 's president had been telling the United States he was " forced " into taking a hawkish line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman , this was an embarrassment .	19	Singular
They were both Mets fans , and the hopelessness of that passion had created a bond between them .	3	Plural
It emphasizes consumerism , the belief that success always goes to people who merit it due to their abilities , dedication and qualifications , and reinforces , rather than changes , existing ideas related to gender , ethnicity and nationality .	32	Plural
I asked if they could copy the piece I dropped off .	0	Singular
$ 101 m - Amount Lay made from selling his Enron shares just before the company went bankrupt .	5	Singular
The conference will also discuss what it will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to achieve an efficient regime for ensuring that the nation has a reliable grid and regional trading system .	1	Singular
After one month 's full - bore effort , I 'm pleased with the results ( e.g. , we forecast Nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned out $ 46 ) .	27	Singular
Highly recommended people / business .	4	Singular
houston wo n't be too affected b/c most of the layoffs affect satelite offices .	13	Plural
ANYWAY WE DRIVE AROUND IN MY VAN AND SOLVE MYSTERYS AND SHIT	1	Plural
The document is now lost , however , and scholars differ as to its authenticity .	9	Plural
While the Museum of Flight was in the top running , I m disappointed that NASA did not choose them .	4	Singular
Should all UK towns and their cafes or restaurants provide Halal food ?	5	Plural
The range of data types , reserved words , and wildcard characters are different in each query mode .	4	Plural
" This strain helps with back pain , this strain helps with nausea , this product makes you sleep at night , " says Dietrich from the company 's headquarters in Denver , Colorado , where pot is sold legally .	2	Singular
Mice smell garbage and get attracted to your house .	8	Singular
Instead of rescheduling they chose to waste my time instead .	3	Plural
It aims to take the journey time into account after deducting this from the working hours actually completed , without being able to measure the real journey time .	27	Singular
Carnival and Royal Caribbean are two popular cruise lines that have strong followings .	12	Plural
However , the provisions contained in Article 165 of the Financial Regulation applicable to the general budget of the European Communities shall not apply .	20	Plural
It will give you a lot more power , as well as control over how your black and white photo looks :	19	Singular
With the new data in hand , we can see that , surprisingly , the productivity gap persists even when women have equal access to inputs .	23	Singular
01/19/2001 07:24 AM	2	Singular
To this day , about 10 or 12 of these World War II Japanese shipwrecks comprise what is considered one of the best dive sites in the world .	27	Singular
Improving the energy efficiency of products contributes to the security of the energy supply , which is a precondition of sound economic activity and therefore of sustainable development .	13	Singular
Add the quinoa and salt to the saucepan , stirring until completely incorporated .	2	Singular
His more unusual accolades include global ambassador for New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation , and a place at Harvard Business School .	18	Singular
I 'm a sophomore in high school doing a presentation on Italian Arts and my teacher is making us censor the Statue of David .	6	Singular
Ben	0	Singular
The main reason attributed for the pollution of Athens is because the city is enclosed by mountains in a basin which does not let the smog leave .	25	Singular
God , I do n’t know !	2	Singular
3 ) G. V. & A. Bourret 41 Broome St , # 1 Brooklyn , NY 11222 USA	2	Singular
I was unsure of what he should wear , it says business casual but that can be interpreted in many different ways .	14	Singular
After 1 month , roots will have sprouted and you can water the cutting for the first time .	13	Singular
Even that locution , ' his appointment ' , seemed odd to him .	12	Singular
We 'll have four bands , and Big D is cookin' ..... lots of fun and great prizes .	9	Singular
So for the 4th time in 5 months and the third time in 2 weeks , we brought the car back again .	19	Singular
Stretching 750 kilometers from end to end , they reach from near the coast of Myanmar almost to Sumatra in Indonesia .	18	Singular
Just as he opened his mouth to speak , he was interrupted by a clattering of keys at the front door , the sound of the door opening and then slamming shut , and a burst of voices .	20	Singular
Hands - down the best pasta and gnocchi I 've ever eaten ( and I 've eaten a lot ) .	14	Singular
Sulphur is a key plant nutrient vital to healthy growth , but UK soils are naturally deficient in this essential mineral .	9	Singular
The heat was heightened by drink and animation and the glass filled by the long , narrow black hand of his neighbour was marked by the fingerprints of the white woman who had relinquished it .	26	Plural
Reports are circulating in the intelligence community that the Andaman Islands are not only thick with Myanmar rebels .	6	Singular
My understanding was that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC 's online profile in order for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC 's peak load periods .	12	Singular
“ More people are turning to credit … While this borrowing might be manageable now , a sudden change in circumstances could lead to debt problems . ”	20	Plural
Mr. ARCHIBALD : I mean , at that time , I was 28 ; George would have been 25 or 26 .	1	Singular
Then Charles A. Briggs came to the rescue .	3	Singular
Born in England , Norton spent most of his early life in South Africa .	8	Singular
I have weighed those options and found the three that I have chosen to be more my wife and my own taste .	19	Singular
They have a great lunch special with your choice of meat , chicken , steak , or pork and rice and black beans and fried plantains .	25	Plural
People of real culture do not smoke at dinner tables .	3	Singular
Any thoughts ?	1	Plural
" The aristocracy and authority of talent are more substantial than the aristocracy of names and material power " , he wrote in 1830 .	4	Singular
If somebody makes a wai to you , a slight bow alone is more than sufficient for ordinary occasions , and for business , most Thais will shake hands with foreigners instead of waiing anyway .	28	Plural
Critic Richard Lehan says that " Balzac was the bridge between the comic realism of Dickens and the naturalism of Zola . "	0	Singular
The Pentagon is bypassing official US intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in Iran in preparation for any possible attack , former and current intelligence officials say ...	19	Singular
They specialize in financial institutions , medical , and retail projects .	0	Plural
This has not yet penetrated the thinking of the Western World .	1	Singular
When you see the first green tendrils push up through the soil , it 's time to remove the plastic wrap .	15	Singular
I shopped it around and they were extremely competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my tires which should extend the life and get me better gas mileage .	17	Plural
They have undoubtedly recognized their failure in the Arab world and may even be preparing to reopen diplomatic relations with Israel .	20	Singular
More and more tech companies are calling the shots more than ever before on Wall Street , even more than in Silicon Valley .	4	Plural
The mailer 's use of " Greendale School " as the return address for the letters to the Senators is also revealing .	7	Singular
Holly is truely the best hairstylist !	0	Singular
The proposed period for extension is six years and the reference amount unchanged at one million euro per year .	16	Singular
Yesterday , North Korea fired artillery rounds aimed at a loudspeaker in South Korea that broadcasts anti-Pyongyang propaganda into the North .	12	Singular
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	14	Singular
However , Socotra is a perfect destination for the adventurous and nature loving travelers .	11	Singular
My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth , so I will be heading that way on Monday .	15	Singular
Musharraf told Clinton he could n't use Pakistani soil or air space to send the team in against Bin Laden .	2	Singular
With these operating standards implemented worldwide , we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure Enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide .	7	Plural
Creative Commons makes no warranties regarding the information provided , and disclaims liability for damages resulting from its use .	2	Singular
Next , they tried to force the window with a pry bar and then to break the window with a hammer .	11	Singular
Some individuals reported that when they are able to reach the site , all they get is a message stating , " The word scientology means search for truth ... " .	16	Singular
Your public updates will appear in people 's News Feeds once they click this button .	14	Singular
Fort Lee Historic Park , a reconstruction of a Revolutionary War encampment , with beautiful views and pleasant greenery	2	Singular
The policy dilemmas that have resulted – rising inequality , greater volatility , reduced room to manage the real economy – will continue to preoccupy policymakers in the decades ahead .	14	Singular
We were a party of 4 and none of us were particularly pleased with our dishes .	7	Singular
air dry clay works on armatures , the clay has a minor shrink percent , so you can leave the wire armature inside , paint with acrylic paint	12	Singular
Be more careful when you write reviews - this is an accounting group , not Hollister the clothing store .	15	Singular
But from the way the light was coming through the windows , it seemed to be almost noon .	17	Singular
If you would be so kind , could you possibly let me know of your status over the next couple of days ?	21	Plural
one about uncontrollable lust for a married woman of dark complexion ( the " dark lady " ) , and one about conflicted love for a fair young man ( the " fair youth " ) .	5	Singular
One side of the memorial is scenes made by student groups while other areas represent the counties of Taiwan .	1	Singular
The thing to do is to bring the right clothing with you , clothes so you can layer up if it is cold and take off layers when it warms up .	21	Singular
Changing the connection information of a page	6	Singular
This is a horse that I otherwise would n't be able to afford and even if I spend 2 K and treatment I come out ahead of his purchase price .	21	Singular
Caplan dismisses retrospective voting , quoting a pair of scholars who call it “ no more rational than killing the pharaoh when the Nile does not flood . ”	20	Singular
The traffic of the great city went on in the deepening night upon the sleepless river .	5	Singular
The 69 year old Dr. Lopez was found guilty and was summarily hung and quartered on June 7 , 1594 at Tyburn .	5	Singular
They are beautiful and will add a lot to our collection .	0	Plural
Hey , Mr. Computer , you ca n't log an email in to your sister ?!	10	Singular
These may be reasonable assumptions , but the estimate was deeply unsettling to many .	9	Singular
But the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish , in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications , which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about .	4	Plural
It was the farthest point of navigation and the culminating point of my experience .	4	Singular
Second , we attracted millions of readers via the virtuous circle of wiki editing : We had some articles of mixed quality , and editors joined to improve those articles , which in turn attracted more readers .	28	Plural
This is what has held the Jews together for thousands of years .	11	Plural
Here 's a tip : Do n't get married in countries that house illegal militias that attack other countries and hence are likely to come under counter-attack !	18	Plural
4 . Alan Greenspan , Chairman , Federal Reserve , U.S.A .	7	Singular
From 1939 to the outbreak of World War II , the municipality experienced the mining boom .	6	Singular
Controls in the Form , Report , or page footer sections will be placed as unbound controls in the navigation section of the outermost group level .	16	Plural
Assad the Father did not kill tens of thousands of his own citizens in one week in El Hamma in Syria because of Israel .	17	Singular
Perhaps GDP does not really capture the improvements in living standards that computer - age innovation is engendering .	7	Plural
Wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature of California 's market structure makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit .	20	Singular
But best is obviously photoshop CS5 or if you r on a macbook there s aperture :)	2	Singular
Reality hurts when it intrudes ; as such , an arrogant person is less likely than other people to self-reflect or analyse , thereby not seeing their own imperfections .	28	Plural
i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex female and the silkie females would make ?	21	Plural
He became a Christian at a young age , when he responded to the altar call at his church " to accept Christ as my Saviour . "	15	Singular
If you have been to the London Aquarium I would not even bother with this .	14	Singular
However , he also mentioned we were a close sixth , that is close to the fifth highest bid .	9	Singular
Ariel Sharon 's aggressive near annexation of almost half of the occupied West Bank and his indefinite postponement of any Palestinian state have created unprecedented rage and violence .	0	Singular
Very good with my 5 year old daughter .	5	Singular
Per my voicemail message , please review the note below .	8	Singular
Chahine said her immediate family spent about $ 20,000 to return to Detroit via Syria and Jordan .	2	Singular
This deviation shows that Eco definitely has a significant amount of option value which can be exploited with quick reactions and favourable market movements .	4	Singular
The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced " Vilt-two " — the discoverer was German , I believe ) .	7	Singular
You who watch as budgets are cut in education and health care while you militarize a police force ?	11	Singular
Ladies room , Open Sundays	4	Plural
His eyes began to mist .	1	Plural
I will not eat halal meat , so guess what , I opted for foods which were n't a meat dish , there were plenty of other options .	11	Singular
He 's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he 's been in town for awhile .	0	Singular
It 's so much fun over there , and I 'm positive that you 'll love it ! :)	1	Singular
Traders over here seem to have a lot more respect for other humans .	0	Plural
I will be in Sao Paulo on Monday , September 20 , 1999 .	9	Singular
When the dancers start the step with the beat of " dhin , dhin ... " , the mental ideation should also be kept .	8	Singular
By Jove ! I 've never seen anything so unreal in my life .	11	Singular
Has a location , Theirs or TW land / ROW , been settled and when is the required in - service date ?	6	Singular
The regulation that was annulled was based on Article 100c of the Maastricht Treaty .	5	Singular
Through his grandmother , Mishima was a direct descendant of Tokugawa Ieyasu .	1	Singular
And then she laughed her laugh , and Quinn felt a little more of himself collapse .	4	Singular
What a hopeless business it was , hopeless for the D.C. and for the people .	5	Singular
( Also , it might be a good idea to wrap the $ 1 bill in dark paper to reduce the risk of mail theft ) .	21	Singular
They seemed to be no more than broken things , discarded things , stray bits of junk .	16	Singular
It was very upsetting to see this kind of behavior especially in front of my four year old .	6	Singular
Shakespeare 's work has made a lasting impression on later theatre and literature .	12	Singular
I really do belive he left the nail out becuse of the horse s Hoof condition and It s a added bonus he would get to see her again	18	Singular
The only thing that was edible was the steamed rice and the vegetable lo mein was barely tolerable .	4	Singular
High-tech industry began to flourish after World War II , and since that time the growth of Phoenix has been explosive .	6	Singular
In 1887 – 1888 , he traveled to England , Germany and France , meeting linguists like Henry Sweet and Paul Passy and attending lectures at institutions like Oxford University .	10	Singular
Members of the Sea Org live a strict lifestyle – with little income , small diet provided and significant time invested in work per day .	15	Singular
Keep it up .	1	Singular
The inner circles are primarily financed by terrorist states like Iran and Syria , until recently also by Iraq and Libya and earlier also by some of the Communist regimes .	7	Singular
He put the empty bowl back on the floor next to the cat-flap and lay back down on the bed , somehow even hungrier than he had been before the soup .	19	Singular
And those simple themes aren't really themes about the complex science of what 's going on , but things that we all pretty well know .	6	Plural
We were introduced to Bistro Tallulah by traveler - professional diner who happens to own the Adelphi Hotel and travels the world -- and residing in Paris , London , New York the rest of the year .	28	Singular
Then , the next morning , when we , among many other irate guests , asked to speak to the owner , he refused to do so .	4	Singular
This will get you on the RER B line going into town .	8	Singular
Disatisfied customer , I went through Kitchen Aid and used one of their recommended vendors .	1	Singular
Some may not know exactly what Stardust or Stardust @ home is .	11	Singular
According to Le Figaro , this government plan could free up 42 million euros , of which 15.5 million would go towards security .	3	Singular
i am deadly serious , i really do get sexual releif from even hearing of torture of animals , now some people may call me a brute or a coward but i ca nt help my true feelings .	35	Singular
Neil stood on the moonlit patch of earth in front of the dark building and called up , but there was no response .	22	Singular
Abbas , a refugee himself from what is today the northern Israeli city of Safed , called the refugee issue " very important and very dangerous . "	12	Singular
Roger M. , Woodinville	1	Singular
Two years ago , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main Islamist alliance -- Maulana Fazlur Rahman -- visited India and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements .	24	Singular
He shooed the shocked Masons back into the dining room , promised Harry he would flay him to within an inch of his life when the Masons had left , and handed him a mop .	32	Singular
Making Skittles vodka is a fun way to add a splash of fruity flavor and color to regular vodka .	2	Singular
Mr President , I would once again like to congratulate Mr Koch on his magnificent work on this other report , which in a way supplements the debate which we held in October on rail transport .	23	Singular
When he swivels his head to go for it anyway , tell him sharp " UH UH " gently correct him with a small tug and continue your walk .	4	Singular
If we are all in this thing together , let 's play nice .	5	Singular
For weeks , reporters scoured Alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the National Guard there .	22	Singular
The Base Currency Amount shall equal the volume submitted by the Counterparty via the Website .	14	Singular
Wandering , therefore , was a kind of mindlessness .	4	Singular
That demand also led to the production of several fake portraits , as well as mis - attributions , repaintings and relabelling of portraits of other people .	19	Plural
Why use ANSI-92 SQL ?	2	Singular
Lantern Festival in Taipei lights up the night	3	Singular
From the East / Arkansas - US-412 West , aka the " Cherokee Turnpike . "	2	Singular
As they stared at each other , Harry heard Dudley 's voice from the hall .	9	Singular
The pizza is usually pretty good , the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more , but it was still good .	10	Singular
It could be that Auster had so much work he did n't need to advertise .	4	Singular
The interior of the island is dominated by the beautiful and green Hagghier mountains and limestone plateau .	16	Singular
Kristen Quinn , Sarah Mulholland , Samuel Pak , Daniel Kang	3	Singular
This is just to let you know that Emma gave birth at week 34 on Friday , 6th July , to our triplets :	10	Singular
the silky colours of Olivia 's things ... the rugs , cherry- and satin-wood pieces ... and the red earth pots , bits of beadwork , the two fine carvings they once found in the Congo .	29	Plural
India defensive over Sri Lanka	0	Singular
By setting properties from the View menu , you can enable mixed mode security .	13	Singular
Perhaps we are only further complicating a matter which should really have left Parliament as quickly as possible once a decision had been reached .	20	Singular
Such integration could be facilitated by wide availability of and easy access to information relating to the sustainability of their products .	1	Singular
And when the job was done every thing was cleaned up and hauled off that same day .	16	Singular
No doubt much of what our citizens experience as noise does not fall within the competence of the Union .	15	Singular
François Guizot , who later became Prime Minister , was Professor of Modern History .	13	Singular
Pioneers take a pledge to remain tee - total and at the hight of the organization popularity , had an estimated two million members even filling Croke Park on the 25th anniversary .	15	Singular
John , Per and I discussed the hostile environment issue and we are both concerned that we may have some repercussions .	16	Plural
I 'm a soccer mom so I was n't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear .	11	Singular
On the 1st January 49 BC , Marco Antonio read a declaration from Caesar in which the proconsul declared himself a friend of peace .	23	Singular
i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex female and the silkie females would make ?	16	Singular
Our project of a Europe that aims to satisfy social needs envisages the convergence of living conditions towards the highest common denominator .	21	Singular
This commitment is important because the Commission is a body with a monopoly of initiative in accordance with the Treaties and , therefore , basically dictates this Parliament 's political and legislative activity for the next five years .	2	Singular
I think they may even be better than the pair I have been using this past year !	2	Plural
For example , list “ take the dog for a walk by 12:30 ” rather than simply “ walk the dog . ”	7	Singular
EnronOnline will assist users , upon request , in arranging for the connection of " T1 " lines or other means of direct access to EnronOnline , as an alternative to internet access .	29	Singular
Would they be able to make the Dursleys let him go ?	7	Plural
it is now bislas .	3	Singular
Google Search Terms :	2	Plural
However , the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list .	17	Plural
There 's Jeff [ Drake ] , who is behind the camera .	1	Singular
Almost at once , Harry wished he had n't spoken .	6	Singular
How about Friday , Sept. 17 , at 9 am ( Houston time ) which is 11 am ( Sao Paulo ) time ?	4	Singular
With luck , the Kashmir Valley can attract investment from the Middle East and other locations where Muslims are dominant and become a tourist , education and services haven within India .	28	Singular
He wondered if Peter saw the same things as he did , or whether the world was a different place for him .	0	Singular
( 2 ) Everyone has the right of equal access to public service in his country .	4	Singular
This meeting should not take more than one hour .	8	Singular
I would suggest going for tribal Sheikhs rather than clerics , since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any Ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority .	34	Singular
The high altitude serves to cool the climate , which would otherwise be very hot .	2	Singular
It ’s easy to annoy people when you are cramped in such a small , tight space .	5	Plural
I know that Jeff is in Portland .	6	Singular
Crosstab queries calculate a sum , average , count , or other type of total for data that is grouped by two types of information – one down the left side of the datasheet and another across the top .	4	Singular
Both the engagement and wedding pictures that he took for us we absolutely amazing .	2	Singular
The truth is , in my and my dining partners ' experience , this is a fine little restaurant with some unique food .	9	Plural
The media has tended to overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word " domestic " the word includes a US - based , highly - educated supporter of the militant islamists .	20	Singular
A witness told police that the victim had attacked the suspect in April .	3	Plural
the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open - ended downside , loses $ 50 million , and then claims that it was not a valid contract .	2	Singular
Remember that what you do to yourself affects me and everybody else , remember that what you do to me and anyone else shapes your destiny .	10	Singular
He could become severly dehydrated ( especially if he continues to vomit and have diarrhea ) .	0	Singular
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	10	Singular
What disturbs is whether Americans understand the world at all , whether they are a match for the Russians the Sadats are in themselves comparatively unimportant .	7	Singular
City Hall Information Center ( Módulo de Información Turística Palacio Municipal ) Calle 62 between 61 and 63 ( inside the Palacio del Gobierno left of the main entrance ) , ☎ + 529999420000 x 80119 .	3	Singular
I suggest you go up to Raging Taco & Raging Burrito a couple of blocks up the street or even Taco Mac .	17	Singular
The little creature on the bed had large , bat-like ears and bulging green eyes the size of tennis balls .	16	Singular
I regret this , but the vote has already been taken and the decision is made so let us leave the matter there .	2	Singular
Anyone who looks like a druggy or dodgy .	0	Singular
" This government is so consumed with control of information and secrecy yet they do n't seem to be able to get the fundamentals right , " Dewar said .	1	Singular
In principle , I believe that in many cases where transport is concerned we should be working towards increased flexibility and country - specific rules .	4	Singular
Neiafu town is the centre of activity .	0	Singular
In addition , XML defined structures are unambiguous ; that is , they are self-describing and platform-independent .	1	Singular
The Valley of Jehosaphat , with its tombs .	7	Plural
Maybe she meant if she made herself .	6	Singular
At the Darunta complex where jihadis trained , recruits would wear green uniforms , except for Friday when they were washed .	5	Plural
I remember one of our ads that I had put in said , " If you think nice girls do n't do S&M , " -- I forgot what the rest of it said --	5	Plural
It was completed rather late in the war ; although a number of B-29s were equipped with Eagle and it worked well , it came too late to make much difference .	17	Singular
St Anne a very nice but also very touristy city and beach ( maybe the tourists primary area of Guadeloupe ) .	0	Singular
That is in fact the point of departure we have chosen here and I am very glad all this has been properly understood .	19	Singular
Quinn spoke in the politest tone he could muster . Were you expecting someone else ?	13	Singular
He had been there almost an hour , and the time was approaching for his call to Virginia Stillman .	10	Singular
They become accomplices , by omission , and this applies to political leaders , intellectuals , business people and many others .	16	Singular
According to many scientists , the early results of global warming — 90 degree Fahrenheit water temperatures in the Gulf and rising sea levels — may have exacerbated the destructive power of Katrina .	15	Singular
The fact is , when I began traveling for business to New England , when I first visited my in - laws in Montana and Idaho , I was shocked at the lack of racial diversity .	23	Singular
Place the bottles in your dishwasher and put on an intensive cycle .	11	Singular
Sara , trading is still not settled .	2	Singular
4 . In Section 6.2.1 I 'll just note that the discount rate sentence I think is still an open issue .	12	Singular
Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer , or should this be more generic ?	7	Singular
Nonetheless , if the English law had been accepted , the daughters of Luis X , Felipe V and Carlos IV would have had more of a claim to the throne , above their aunt Isabella of France .	19	Singular
However , when you apply a filter by selection , the conditional filter already applied on the field is removed before the filter by selection is applied .	12	Singular
Yeah they ruined some shirts I had too .	5	Singular
That is the line taken in the reports before you today .	7	Plural
Likely the most well - known person from the Copper Age is Ötzi , the frozen mummy who lived during 3300 BC .	11	Singular
can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep. ireland and put a irish pay , go dongle in it ?	1	Singular
I 've been doing this professionally since I was in my twenties , and before that since I was sixteen doing little tidbit poetry readings in coffeehouses .	7	Singular
It was a very practical salesman approach to his work .	8	Singular
For that and many other reasons we support the motion for a resolution .	6	Plural
" Will you eat some of my kosher food instead , as a favor ? "	8	Singular
I am looking for people who would like to play D & D 3.5 and live in or around the Chillicothe , OH area .	20	Singular
US President Barack Obama tweeted using his @POTUS account :	7	Singular
These global standards also should enable Enron to expand its business reach more quickly , with well defined requirements with regard to trading operations .	10	Singular
Guerrillas killed an engineer , Asi Ali , from Tikrit .	6	Singular
* Adopts guidelines to improve reliability and help moderate prices in gas commodity markets , and identifies the capital projects needed to meet these guidelines over the course of the GA II period ( 2003 - 2007 ) . *	27	Singular
Marx 's work Das Kapital also makes constant reference to the works of Balzac and urged Engels to read Balzac 's work The Unknown Masterpiece .	24	Singular
Marin County was predominantly caucasian and many of the expanding outer east bay areas started out as white suburbs .	13	Plural
Mayor Teddy Kollek , irrepressible organizer of wonderful events ( some of them too rich for my blood ) , takes us to dinner with one of the Armenian Archbishops in the Old City .	29	Plural
" To have a business allow that type of filth to be purveyed through their website or through their system is something that they say they ca n't handle .	19	Singular
They bake bread fresh daily , they do n't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it , and the meat is always fresh .	10	Plural
When a chart contains multiple series or category fields , the fields that are closest to the data are referred to as inner fields .	23	Plural
Derrick did a terrible job , was a complete jerk the entire time , and I had no warning as to the price .	22	Singular
Dampen the mixture with water so it 's ready to provide the right environment for the basil seeds to germinate .	2	Singular
Many times mice are drawn into homes on the search for food .	1	Plural
Of course , you would then be in a position to sell calls again if the stock makes a bounce .	16	Singular
He paused for a moment .	0	Singular
It might just be coincidence or the fact those great big trotters with those extremely long backs lost a bit of fine coordination to get those gangly bodies around those tighter turns .	0	Singular
Parking spaces are just big enough for a Mini Cooper .	0	Singular
I really do belive he left the nail out becuse of the horse s Hoof condition and It s a added bonus he would get to see her again	22	Singular
In the Endurance expedition in 1914 , the British ship Endurance , captained by Sir Ernest Shackleton , set sail with twenty eight men to cross the Antarctic .	19	Singular
Shakespeare 's next comedy , the equally romantic Merchant of Venice , contains a portrayal of the vengeful Jewish moneylender Shylock , which reflects Elizabethan views but may appear derogatory to modern audiences .	8	Singular
I plan on taking Michael to the new Star Wars exhibit at the Museum of Fine Arts .	0	Singular
The missile 's manufacturers state that one or two missiles could cripple a destroyer , and five missiles could sink a 20,000 ton ship .	3	Plural
Believe it or not , but the channel guide has been most helpful to my family members that visit and do n't know where to start when it comes to watching satellite tv .	9	Singular
Otherwise we will find ourselves forced to take more serious decisions as regards our trading relations with Israel .	15	Plural
try for a large body of water if you are confident your companion can save you from drowning .	4	Singular
Method 1 Using the Elevator to Annoy People	0	Singular
Why did n't Craig show Ma his appartment ?	5	Singular
" Dale " means " river valley . "	1	Singular
Sufaat , according to both KSM and Hambali , did not have the virulent US Army Ames strain that would be used .	17	Singular
Mike Jordan	1	Singular
Attached are the draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement , together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex .	3	Singular
The profits obtained from prosperous textile mills opened up practically unlimited possibilities for their owners .	6	Plural
Mr. Kurtz was ...	2	Singular
Mr President , the priority given to financial and monetary criteria reinforces the increase in inequalities of every shape and form .	0	Singular
This is a great hospital and even better since it became part of the UW system .	4	Singular
Then Harry realised that Ron had covered nearly every inch of the shabby wallpaper with posters of the same seven witches and wizards , all wearing bright orange robes , carrying broomsticks , and waving energetically .	20	Plural
In the past there have been .. and maybe there still are many things that you have had to do without .	13	Plural
1983 - The year in which Donald Rumsfeld , Ronald Reagan 's special envoy to the Middle East , gave Saddam Hussein a pair of golden spurs as a gift .	13	Singular
Arthritis of the spine , neck , waist and other joints will be removed .	3	Singular
Pick a question and answer you know you 'll remember .	1	Singular
Please , make sure that we are billed .	5	Plural
Most of the time one is more interested in breeding than the other .	3	Singular
The inner group level contains fields from the OrderDetails table and a calculated control named Value .	9	Singular
He felt that the new July Monarchy ( which claimed widespread popular support ) was disorganized and unprincipled , in need of a mediator to keep the political peace between the King and insurgent forces .	28	Singular
My parents do not like me , They constantly reassure me that they will throw me out of home when I turn 18 .	1	Plural
Round the front door lay a jumble of wellington boots and a very rusty cauldron .	14	Singular
Why not run for a lower office that you would be more likely to win and effect change ?	17	Singular
I really do belive he left the nail out becuse of the horse s Hoof condition and It s a added bonus he would get to see her again	14	Singular
and I was going to take charge of a two-penny-halfpenny river-steamboat with a penny whistle attached !	6	Singular
The discovery of a number of ' bugs ' within the AS400 Merchanting code , arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality , which compounded the operational burden of supporting the OBSF .	1	Singular
Marie x33907	1	Singular
There has always been a Mexican - American cultural influence since Calif was owned by Mexico .	1	Singular
Had a horrible experience with a manager here , Rachel McInnis , she was rude , inconsiderate and did not do the right thing for an item that was marked incorrectly ...	23	Singular
Me and the big " G "	5	Singular
This , as well as the deficiencies in the networks of infrastructures and services and a generally very low level of employment , which furthermore is seasonal and lacks diversity , exacerbates the exodus from rural areas .	19	Singular
There have only been a few isolated amendments opposed to this approach and these were subsequently rejected .	11	Singular
There should be a prioritisation in favour of staff exchanges and specific training , including case studies .	12	Singular
This BuzzMachine post argues that Google 's rush toward ubiquity might backfire -- which we 've all heard before , but it 's particularly well - put in this post .	21	Singular
This is a delivery office only and does not take walk ins but they do have a blue box out front .	10	Singular
Quinn was no longer that part of him that could write books , and although in many ways Quinn continued to exist , he no longer existed for anyone but himself .	30	Singular
55 - Percentage of the Iraqi workforce who were unemployed before the war .	6	Singular
<< ld2d-#69366-1.DOC >> << ld2d-#69345-1.DOC >> ? << ld2d-#69397-1.DOC >> << ld2d-#69396-1.DOC >> << ld2d-#69377-1.XLS >> << ld2d-#69381-1.DOC >> << ld2d-#69366-1.DOC >> << ld2d-#69336-1.XLS >> << Primary Rights 4-12 .doc >> << ld2d-#69334-1.DOC >> << ld2d-#69345-1.DOC >>	35	Singular
I have too many commitments right now .	4	Plural
Mary John , Russell Dyk , Webb Jennings , Martin Gonzales	9	Singular
On a new website , " The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown " , Microsoft has launched an aggressive campaign to persuade users to stop using IE6 and update to a newer IE .	31	Singular
Quinn reached into his pocket and gave the man a dollar .	3	Singular
They want a program that will be a success , " Johnson - Freese said .	3	Singular
If you also specify the end value as 31-Dec-1999 , the following groups will be created :	6	Singular
Fine lot these government chaps – are they not ? he went on , speaking English with great precision and considerable bitterness .	2	Plural
He was the co-founder of the National Democratic Party in Iraq .	1	Singular
It is a glorious idea . I know the wife of a very high personage in the Administration , and also a man who has lots of influence with , &c. , &c .	22	Singular
A replay of the Cold War would cause immense damage to both Russia and Europe , and most of all to Ukraine , which is situated between them .	24	Singular
Having been a psychologist for a number of years gives me a leg up on it .	15	Singular
I used one of these cages short term for a pet and it was n't that great to be honest , pretty cheaply made , the door springs are annoying and it does n't last very well .	27	Plural
Tet was a huge military and political disaster for the Communists .	0	Singular
And that s my reason why you should choose a parakeet over a finch .	3	Singular
This is the first US " sample return " mission since Apollo , and the first ever from beyond the moon .	0	Singular
The story " Umoregi " ( " In Obscurity " ) signaled Higuchi 's arrival as a professional writer .	1	Singular
When you have invasive surgery you could also get infections , accidental nicks and cuts that cause other problems too !	14	Plural
In her humble home she was visited by other writers , students of poetry , admirers , the curious , critics , and editors requesting her collaboration .	25	Singular
My perspective is entirely based on what I see , on what I read and on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years .	2	Singular
I 'd be happy if someone helps , especially someone who has been to Fujairah or lives there . :)	14	Singular
However , there will be very heavy rains and flooding along its path .	11	Singular
“ We ’ve requested other nations to help us populate the zoo with different species of animals , including a pig , ” Saqib said .	14	Plural
From the AP comes this story :	2	Singular
Jeff Skilling has agreed to work with Harvard Business School ( HBS ) on a 5 - year case study called ' Modern Giants ' .	23	Plural
Deutsched Bank AG	2	Singular
There 's a lot of unfunny jokes that are told in a back room , that 's why they stay and die in that back room and do n’t go out in The Onion .	25	Singular
He believes memos and e-mails around the time of Winter 's Dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues .	4	Plural
Nida also developed the componential analysis technique , which split words into their components to help determine equivalence in translation ( e.g. " bachelor " = male + unmarried ) .	12	Plural
If Israel were governed as Egypt is , or Syria , would I have come here at all ?	5	Singular
Valeska Paris , an Australian woman and former Scientologist , has claimed that the Church of Scientology imprisoned her for twelve years aboard the Scientology - owned cruise ship , Freewinds .	16	Singular
On Thursday , the 3rd of November , the mayor of Saint - Gaudens ( in the Haute - Garonne region ) decided to suspend the urban development agreement with the government formed in 2014 .	31	Singular
Mérida is a city of contrasts .	1	Singular
As an islander , however , I would like to express my dissatisfaction at the lack of recognition of island development .	17	Singular
So do n't be afraid to get something a little bigger than " perfect " just in case you hit a growth spurt .	21	Singular
I understand how competitive the process has become , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , personality , extracurricular activities , etc. that this would compensate for my disability .	27	Singular
If this coincides with rising interest rates and a setback in the housing market , American consumers will experience the hardest times since the Great Depression . "	24	Singular
We understand that the pipe fitters are also planning to picket the Lake Worth , Florida project as well .	4	Singular
" Waclaw Hanski died in 1841 , and his widow and her admirer finally had the chance to pursue their affections .	12	Singular
... love story and romance and surprises and tragedies and all this but also this structure interested me a lot .	2	Singular
The call will terminate once everyone has hung up .	1	Singular
That is :	0	Singular
The desk agent actually argued with me , claiming that no such alarm had gone off ( as if I would make that up ? ) .	19	Singular
In fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .	25	Singular
He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .	5	Singular
Fort Lee is the first town on the New Jersey side of the bridge .	10	Singular
USI exhibit	0	Singular
You will be aware from the press and television that there have been a number of bomb explosions and killings in Sri Lanka .	6	Singular
Margarine and a few kilos of paint which , in principle , do not present risks , led to a genuine disaster .	0	Singular
They are currently working on a bid ( due 1/31 ) for the Medusa project which involves Murphy ( operator ) , Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks # 538 and # 582 .	26	Singular
The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral , this tradition started after the civil war .	26	Singular
Can you explain more about it for us ?	7	Plural
However , what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans and attack the ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful Clear and Defend operations .	34	Plural
I 'm talking soaking all the litter box and then some .	7	Singular
We have received the executed Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade , Inc. dated March 2 , 2000 .	0	Plural
In order to win , it is necessary to first eliminate the terrorist regimes , so that no Government in the world will serve as a safe haven for these people .	30	Plural
While other may be ok waiting in line at Town Bagel we are happy with the quality and service we get at Family Bagels	11	Plural
Troy Patterson of Slate Magazine ventured over to Pacific Standard to sample the new santorum cocktail at the bar .	0	Singular
The forecast is for a continued decline in strength to a tropical storm within 24 hours and a tropical depression within 36 hours .	12	Singular
Once the Office Web Components are installed , users who have access to an Office 2002 license will be able to interact with and make changes to the components .	28	Plural
He comes with everything , litter box , carrier , ect .	5	Singular
68 - Number of days after taking office that Bush decided Not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol , the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5.2 per cent below 1990 levels by 2012 .	2	Singular
The room was supposed to be on the 2nd floor , but they put us on the 3rd .	14	Plural
The feasibility study estimates that it would take passengers about four minutes to cross the Potomac River on the gondola .	15	Singular
I will definitely be bringing my car back for service .	5	Singular
Major general Fuad Basya , spokesman for the Indonesian military , said fisherman first noticed the people and a warship was deployed to retrieve them .	3	Singular
The US , for its part , relied on cheap goods made in China to stretch hard-pressed consumers ' purchasing power .	19	Singular
Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis ( and assume everything will work out at month end ) ?	12	Singular
Somewhere in between his rudeness he asked if we smoked .	8	Plural
Dr. Fortier was one of 15 people to receive the Carnegie Medal on Monday .	10	Singular
However , when he printed out the service quote , I could see that it was NOT the correct tire , and was not even an appropriate tire for my car model .	29	Singular
Balzac suffered from health problems throughout his life , possibly due to his intense writing schedule .	15	Singular
I would recommend that you get two parakeets .	7	Plural
Pour out some vodka from a bottle to make room for Skittles .	3	Singular
that open violation of the laws are constantly occurring , caused by mobs , parties , factions and undue influence of political sects ;	12	Plural
All you want is for " them " to get on with it - and to leave you alone ..	6	Plural
The Phoenix and the Turtle , printed in Robert Chester 's 1601 Love 's Martyr , mourns the deaths of the legendary phoenix and his lover , the faithful turtle dove .	22	Singular
Rosario Gonzales Administrative Assistant ESSG CCA-15 , 150301 , 153B09 281-514-3183 rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com < mailto:rosario.gonzales@compaq.com > >	1	Singular
There should be a prioritisation in favour of staff exchanges and specific training , including case studies .	16	Plural
There are different theories about the reasons for leaving the place .	10	Singular
There will always be an audience for good magicians doing good magic .	8	Plural
Friday is a bad day ( Performance Review Committee all day ) .	1	Singular
Politicians profess an Oath to this nation but once in office pursue their party agenda and reward their voters .	14	Singular
The train was due to arrive in time , and from his vantage in the center of the doorway , Quinn judged that his chances of seeing Stillman were good .	11	Singular
Terminal 2 : Alaska ( Gates 10 & 11 ) , Great Lakes ( Gates C & D ) , Spirit , Sun Country , United	15	Singular
Thank you for your concern , but Europe is still irrelevant . "	7	Singular
That 's a sign of arrogance , since it is very hard to be a truly good friend to someone who 's stuck on themselves .	24	Plural
I am very pleased with the tattoos that I revived from them .	8	Singular
Meiring is more than an embarrassment .	5	Singular
I had a sampler of IPA , Brawler , Love Stout & ESA .	0	Singular
Language : Its Nature , Development and Origin ( 1922 ) is considered by many to be his masterpiece .	0	Singular
It 's always a bang - your - head - against - the - wall moment , reading again the play the incompetence theory receives , even from some of the Administration 's harshest mainstream critics .	0	Singular
Then there is a big problem on Earth , and the people of Earth forget we are here .	11	Plural
The murder weapon , Robinson 's letter opener :	2	Singular
Both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived , though Mr. Parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular , Dr. Fortier said .	22	Singular
Remember that the snitch runner , if you choose to use one , is not an actual player in the game , therefore , not bound by any of the rules .	13	Singular
Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress , Risk 2001 Australia , which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001 .	24	Singular
Also , an independent who does not claim to belong to either camp , Edward Yiu of the Architectural , Surveying , Planning and Landscape constituency , defeated his opponents and was elected .	14	Singular
Trade was developed by establishing commercial outposts throughout the Mediterranean , a technique that had not been used until then .	9	Singular
The unlikely mixture of warehouses and very expensive restaurants and posh atmosphere alongside some of the landmarks of the city 's waterfront makes the Square an interesting place to visit and explore , even for locals .	22	Singular
Also , Beardies often do not eat food that is not moving , so it s anyone 's guess whether or not he 'll touch the freeze - dried crickets or the processed food .	7	Singular
We have been working closely together to identify the issues as they develop and propose solutions .	0	Plural
There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value .	1	Singular
So we " lost " some weapon ?	1	Plural
We elected to not do the EPM test because there was NO neurological signs .	10	Singular
I like that something will be a bit of secret , or even unreliable narrator : someone tells something and first you trust him but then you read more and you become thrilled by everything .	18	Singular
Terminal 4 : Aeroméxico , Air Canada , American , British Airways , Southwest , Volaris , WestJet	8	Singular
is a start tag and is an end tag which together describe an element of data , in this case , the customer 's name .	2	Singular
The Yerba Buena Garden was built at the beginning of the 1990s on the roof of the Moscone North Convention Center .	4	Singular
I am also delighted to hear that he will continue his education working toward an MBA .	15	Singular
Anyone who 's spent a lot of time on a farm with chickens is probably familiar with this trick .	7	Singular
With a large and slow canopy , your chances are even better .	8	Plural
The staff was very helpful , and gave us good advice on day and night time activities .	16	Plural
Indeed , given how Bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring vital conflicts with the potential to blow back on the US , one might well argue that Edwards knows more now than Bush does .	24	Singular
As one that s battled hard through many a broken dream Let me say , " in order to rise to the occasion you must be willing to go down with the ship " ,	10	Singular
I 've had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the background I did n't notice at first .	0	Singular
Circumstances have changed in some respects , while in others they have remained the same .	10	Plural
A symbolic inheritance .	2	Singular
Let me know what you think of this property .	8	Singular
The vote will be taken tomorrow at 12 noon .	1	Singular
They were going to run an over-sea empire , and make no end of coin by trade .	7	Singular
I my self am one but appreciate that the organization is unlikely to make into the 22nd century .	9	Singular
Old time grocery , best steaks I have ever had !	1	Singular
In the winter , they will usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation - like state called brumation , which is characterized by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity .	18	Singular
I am hiring them to come once a week now that they got my house to where they can maintain it for only an hour and a half every two weeks !	30	Plural
No matter when you buy you will get a newer version .	10	Singular
I bought a beginner s quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts .	20	Plural
I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment opportunities that I do n't have access to now .	18	Singular
Instead he pulled the military off , stopped the bombing of North Vietnam , withdrew from the presidential race , and spent the rest of his term in office trying to surrender to North Vietnam .	23	Singular
At last he called the operator and asked whether the phone was out of order .	10	Singular
On his best walks , he was able to feel that he was nowhere .	11	Singular
You might be able to make a version of your setup work , but it would take quite a bit of charcoal and a lot of forced air .	14	Singular
He studied art at the Royal Academy in the Louvre , as well as with his father at the Royal Academy of Painting and Sculpture .	0	Singular
I have a Norwegian Forest Cat that is named Achilles bc as a kitten he always attacked your feet when you walked by !	4	Singular
I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .	5	Singular
Last week , Federal District Judge Lynn Hughes in Huston , Texas , threw out Wilson 's two - decades old conviction .	21	Singular
If these weapons have gone missing it 's a terrifying prospect . "	6	Singular
Besides being a murderer , John Lennon had sexual intercourse with homosexual Brian Epstein to get him interested in going to see the band at the Cavern , trauma from which he never recovered .	16	Singular
The evaluation report of the Pericles Programme was submitted on 30 November 2004 .	1	Singular
It 's so much fun !	1	Singular
I am not a client of liquidweb.com , but one of my friend called Steven is the client having several websites .	12	Singular
By Friday December 1st , could you please tell me the percentages / amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and November .	21	Singular
However , there was no further public recognition of her wartime resistance and humanitarian work until after the end of communist rule in Poland .	7	Singular
Make checks payable to Kendel Bunnell c / o Benefit for Abby Freeman	1	Plural
Like The Two Gentlemen of Verona , in which two friends appear to approve of rape , the Shrew 's story of the taming of a woman 's independent spirit by a man sometimes troubles modern critics and directors .	15	Singular
Therefore , Madam President , I would ask you to request that the Commission express its opinion on this issue and that we then proceed to the vote .	19	Singular
When you take a warm shower and build up steam , his cage will collect water , the bedding will absorb much of it , and will not be able to absorb the urine quite as it should .	12	Singular
Monks are an integral part of Buddhism in Thailand , and Thai men are generally expected to spend a certain amount of time living as a monk at least once in their lifetime .	12	Plural
Joseph Manogue at Tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the draft ISDA doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original .	3	Singular
Carroll put on his pants , admiring the crease .	0	Singular
I did n't understand what kind of student she was .	5	Singular
Back on the train , we continue southwards .	3	Singular
Imaginary good is boring ; real good is always new , marvelous , intoxicating .	1	Singular
Does anyone know any good restaurants in cordoba ?	1	Singular
They could leave the neighborhood , perhaps leave the city altogether .	9	Singular
This indexing also includes the notion of an accelerator .	3	Singular
As it turned out , the Soviets never made it to the moon .	9	Singular
I mentioned it to my boss and she said to start doing yoga .	0	Singular
The type of interval you can specify for a field depends on the data type of the field .	3	Singular
Hypnosis techniques that involve laying a chicken on its back may " succeed " by cutting off its air supply .	1	Plural
What is still being perpetuated in all civilized discussion is the ritual of civilized discussion itself .	9	Singular
I have been getting my treatments for a few months now and have seen some results but not up to the standards that I was told I should expect .	9	Plural
The subpoenas will force those involved , including Winter , to provide sworn testimony about the events to the committee , and to turn over e-mails , personal calendars and memos .	28	Plural
However , in Thailand , urbanization has also resulted in massive increases in problems such as obesity .	13	Plural
The Europeans do not need their current level of representation , and the positions and voices of middle - and lower - income countries should be strengthened .	9	Singular
Cons : * Server was n't very pleasant * Pretty small portion on the blackened catfish * Overcooked food * Time , took about 25 minutes from ordering to eating .	27	Singular
The classes cover all age and skill ranges , with BALLROOM , LATIN , SEQUENCE , STREET , DISCO , LINE DANCING , BALLET , TAP & JAZZ .	23	Singular
Beth has made our reservations for the Round Table Friday night ( 5/18 ) at Sullivan 's Steak House for 6:30 .	3	Plural
The New Left sees it as a reactionary small country .	3	Singular
It is vital that it is done at the beginning of each ballet session , including before a performance .	1	Singular
A Quebec man was awarded a Carnegie Medal for bravery on Monday for saving two friends by fighting off a polar bear with a pocket knife two years ago on Baffin Island	25	Singular
According to senior counter terrorism officials , both here and abroad , among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it .	20	Plural
DURER dies : April 6 , 1528 Monday	0	Singular
You can select two or more custom groups to create a higher-level grouping .	12	Singular
Thanks to urban planning , the major city streets are placed in a grid layout .	8	Plural
She was dead on -- this restaurant was wonderful --- do not be put off by the one negative review on this page .	0	Singular
When having your car worked on you have to trust the mechanic & this Midas is truly someone you can trust !	3	Singular
Last year we just knew we were going to the playoffs ; we knew we were going post-season .	2	Plural
I went from a pain scale of 8 - 9 to 0 and I was able to run in the Crim just a week later !!	14	Singular
Athens ( Greek : Αθήνα , Athína ) , is the capital city of Greece with a metropolitan population of 3.7 million inhabitants .	14	Singular
It recently published its 50,000th article , and to discuss what the site has achieved since its creation , Wikinews interviewed the site 's founder , Jack Herrick .	5	Singular
Right now , we are in the process of evaluating both our new hire needs and our summer needs and will be making those decisions after the first of the year .	13	Singular
Sand Hill park was a great beach ...	1	Singular
http://www.myshutter.com Before becoming disabled , I was an AVID amateur photographer .. come and visit and sign our guestbook	17	Plural
When he finished school , Balzac was an apprentice in a law office , but he turned his back on the study of law after wearying of its inhumanity and banal routine .	28	Singular
The air of the bar was acrid with triumph .	8	Singular
However , the provisions contained in Article 165 of the Financial Regulation applicable to the general budget of the European Communities shall not apply .	11	Singular
Wilkins explained Warhol 's obsession with celebrities began when he first collected head shots as a kid and continued as a passion throughout his life .	13	Plural
But it was an equal - opportunity oppressor .	7	Singular
I saw a high starched collar , white cuffs , a light alpaca jacket , snowy trousers , a clear necktie , and varnished boots . No hat .	20	Singular
In Jakov Lind 's interesting brief book on Israel , Ben-Gurion is quoted as saying , " The Jews know hardly anything of a hell that might await them .	2	Singular
Priority shall be given to such measures as will least disturb the functioning of the internal market .	0	Singular
When we compare male and female farmers with similar land sizes across similar settings , the productivity gap can be as high as 66 % , as it is in Niger .	17	Singular
Plenty of parking on the weekends .. during the week please park in the little lot across the street .	5	Plural
I 'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually , I 'm sure I do n't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me .	19	Singular
We loved most of the locations that both of the ships visited and do n't believe that this should be a distinguishing factor on deciding between the cruise lines .	0	Plural
His more unusual accolades include global ambassador for New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation , and a place at Harvard Business School .	13	Plural
Let me know if you have any questions .	7	Plural
Warren Buffett is giving away 85 % of his wealth , mostly to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation .	6	Singular
NASA celebrated the launch of the first space shuttle Tuesday at an event at the Kennedy Space Center ( KSC ) in Cape Canaveral , Florida .	17	Singular
34 - Percentage of Americans who believed in June 2003 that Saddam 's " weapons of mass destruction " had been found .	8	Singular
Since Auster did not have an office , that meant he worked at home .	8	Singular
But the cynicism declined as his oeuvre progressed , and the characters of Illusions Perdues reveal sympathy for those who are pushed to one side by society .	2	Singular
Orders for the deal to go ahead were given by the US Department of Defense .	14	Singular
It is now up to government agencies to facilitate its development .	6	Plural
And what about Australia ’s position ?	3	Singular
Besides parking is a pain .. cramped and un-ruly with Kumon Parents next door .... gives me heebee gee bees'	4	Singular
My cat s Called Frank because the year we got him was the year Frank Sinatra died	8	Plural
bearded dragon spikes ?	1	Singular
I wo n't find out until Monday .	0	Singular
What follows is the text of an e-mail sent to me by a friend of mine ( thanks to Dave Manzano ) .	1	Singular
No injuries or deaths were reported in the attacks from either side , but South Korea evacuated about 80 people in the town of Yeoncheon after at least one shell landed near the area .	1	Plural
BTA only exists in the mind of SCAMMERS .	2	Singular
We felt we made it better because it introduced a process for review and refund . "	7	Singular
okay , I do nt have a review , but why in the hell would you name your business something that has the initials KKK .... is there something behind the scenes at this place ?	18	Singular
Here 's a Miami Herald interview with the relaxed terrorist and former CIA operative in a luxury condo , published yesterday .	20	Singular
I compared the things I saw under the 'scopes to what had been published on other species in this group .	18	Singular
According to the critic Frank Kermode , " the play - offers neither its good characters nor its audience any relief from its cruelty " .	15	Plural
Aunt Petunia was just handing round a box of after-dinner mints when a huge barn owl swooped through the dining room window , dropped a letter on Mrs Mason 's head and swooped out again .	21	Singular
is mazzoni 's deli at 3901 conshocken ave in phila pa really the best italian food in the country ???	6	Singular
Looking back : Space Shuttle Columbia lifts off on STS-1 from Launch Pad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center on April 12 , 1981 .	4	Singular
Compared with my own objectives , I do not think the demands made by either of them are tough enough .	16	Plural
The results from this experiment provides further support that rocket seeds can be flown and stored on the International Space Station for six months without having any significant impacts on their ability to germinate and grow on Earth .	9	Singular
A changing bag folds neatly and does not take much space in your bag .	1	Singular
The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns , and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus .	37	Singular
You made a choice to be a mommy , you do nt get a break until they move out , that s the choice that you madea and that 's life .	30	Singular
you live in NZ and you eat McDonald s ice cream ?	3	Singular
If I was Rummy I 'd send Posada to Iraq to blow things up there .	3	Singular
Auster looked the check over carefully and nodded .	0	Singular
The money funds their travel , explosives , hideouts and permanent search for soft vulnerable targets .	4	Singular
You order at the counter and there is a space for tip on your credit card receipt .	16	Singular
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking to recreate Mohammed 's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on Egyptian leaders .	3	Plural
For example , if you specify the start range as 01-Jul-1999 while grouping the ShippedDate field in weekly intervals , the following groups will be created :	7	Singular
On call , it takes a day to get our issues resolved .	9	Plural
The rapporteur has also quite rightly stated that Parliament was not heard in time regarding the guidelines .	2	Singular
Not like that room you had with the Muggles .	8	Plural
Blount 's support of the party led him to be appointed Richard Nixon 's postmaster general .	0	Singular
Initiatives aimed at enhancing the public 's knowledge of nutrition are also crucial – not least because they can motivate citizens to pressure their governments to take action .	27	Singular
Surprisingly , this little strip mall restaurant has the best sushi I 've found in the Tampa area .	5	Singular
Substantive checks back to source contract documentation for the forward priced and unpriced positions report ( spot checking the key position report signed off by the traders )	1	Plural
If yes , was Canada involved in this act / law ?	4	Singular
" However , the full fuselage trainer , that every astronaut including [ former Museum of Flight CEO ] Bonnie Dunbar has been trained on , will soon call the Museum of Flight home .	5	Singular
This formidable enemy , which gave the Indian army a black eye in the mid-1980s , has been operating in northeastern India and in the Andaman Sea for a long time .	30	Singular
The Jewish marriage living to the right of George 's house said that he is an arrogant person who does never return a greeting .	14	Singular
jay is it necessary to varnish my oil paintings or just leave them be ?	0	Singular
A moment ago , Mr Vatanen spoke to us of lower temperatures , not of 20 degrees below zero , but of 40 degrees below zero .	1	Singular
I had hear great things about Phet and G&G Automotive so I decided to give him a try .	8	Singular
Response : The US has succeeded in politically isolating Hamas , and started the process of cutting off its funding .	3	Singular
They have fabulous French toast too .	4	Singular
Image : NASA .	0	Singular
Mixed A / A Team 2 : Coach : Melanie King Brandon Luna - Analyst , Bryan Hull - Analyst , Eduardo Tellechea - Associate , Milson Mundim - Associate	1	Singular
It is served in a cocktail glass and topped with Godiva chocolate flakes .	5	Singular
In the 20-minute PlayStation VR demonstration of Batman : Arkham VR , players are dropped down a secret elevator in Bruce Wayne 's manor , to the Bat Cave , to suit up .	18	Singular
In fact , we 're more closely related to fungi than we are to any other kingdom .	1	Singular
I mean when I graduate & yes , college , sorry for the typo .	0	Singular
There may or may not be snow , depending on local weather conditions .	11	Singular
All I 'm saying , do n't wear the sufferings of the past round your necks .	9	Plural
At the ceremony , NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announced the locations that would be given the three remaining Space Shuttle orbiters following the end of the Space Shuttle program .	6	Singular
Thus kaoshikii is a blossoming of the microcosm ( unit being ) in its attempt to attain a link with the Macrocosm ( Cosmic Consciousness ) .	2	Singular
Zola indicated that , whereas Romantics saw the world through a colored lens , the naturalist sees through a clear glass - precisely the sort of effect Balzac attempted to achieve in his works .	16	Singular
In Hong Kong 's High Court , two years later , Jutting appeared largely composed .	5	Singular
- In terms of costs , the evaluator found that some of the projects were particularly costly and highlighted specific cost items .	8	Plural
Kids put rocks , candy , and bugs in these .	0	Plural
In any case , we have had some more time to do some exploring ( and shopping ) , so we have some good ideas about what to do if you come .	24	Plural
we started working with a few of our friends , and colleagues and whatnot .	13	Singular
I think for starters , myself and those of you who believe in God could say a special prayer for them .	7	Plural
Quality is estimated to be a Mars type crude with 25 - 27 API Gravity and 1.5 - 2.0 % sulfur .	13	Singular
does teacher 's camp in baguio also accomodate even 1 person ??	3	Singular
Mitch Kapor got the name for his company from ' The Lotus Position ' or ' Padmasana ' .	11	Singular
Her zodiacal animal is the Monkey and her traditionally significant sixtieth anniversary year was 1992 .	12	Singular
Both towns have airports that are served regularly from the larger cities such as Sao Paulo , Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aires .	18	Singular
Andrew Beresford a.m.beresford@durham.ac.uk Durham University , United Kingdom	6	Singular
Which one should i get ?	3	Singular
We are taking a 3 hour flight down to a fancy island in Florida and staying only 2 days .	0	Plural
Bruce indicated NiMo short listed five companies who all bid higher than ENA .	12	Singular
I will not be there at 7:30 , but will see you arond 9:30 on Tuesday .	15	Singular
Zurbarán ’s cycle of Jacob and his Sons has been on display in the Long Room at Auckland Castle for over 250 years .	18	Singular
Rooms were clean , plenty of things to do near hotel , and safe part of town .	16	Singular
Space Shuttle Challenger was lost when it exploded 73 seconds after liftoff back on January 28 , 1986 killing all six aboard .	6	Singular
When : Wednesday , September 19 , 2001 10:30 AM - 11:30 AM ( GMT - 08:00 ) Pacific Time ( US & Canada ) ; Tijuana .	4	Singular
The total number of casualties from hundreds of suicide murders within Israel in the last three years is much smaller than those due to car accidents .	9	Plural
I am checking on London .	1	Singular
An analysis of 65 bird species in the United Kingdom shows about one - third are laying their eggs four to seven days earlier than they did 25 years ago .	8	Singular
I gave the woman I spoke with today a " You 've been yelped ! " card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna .	16	Singular
There was one death in the injured group and the others with major injuries .?	7	Singular
He lay on his bed watching the sun sinking behind the bars on the window and wondered miserably what was going to happen to him .	19	Singular
Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge ) ?	17	Singular
The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date ( or start date ) to the Termination Date ( or end date ) .	4	Singular
The consul and his wife had been swept into some back room by the presence of aides , secretaries , and the necessity to keep their cats out of the way of Lady Dorothy 's dog .	22	Singular
In 1623 , in conjunction with the publication of the First Folio , the Droeshout engraving was published .	16	Singular
According to its President , it is in a position to do so .	6	Singular
Just the fact that those were the lead stories for so many days , in everything from US Weekly to Time Magazine .	17	Singular
We continue to depend on this same virtuous cycle : More readers , means more editors , which creates better instructions , leading again to more readers .	5	Singular
Leaving a jar with a dozen black worms in it will sate the adult 's desire for snacks and they are more likely to leave fry or eggs alone .	13	Singular
At some point , I 'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close ?	19	Singular
It was quite a poignant fact that I was away on that particular Friday .	5	Singular
We always seem to have just a little bit of a chill out at the World Cup .	0	Plural
Image : NASA Bill Ingalls .	0	Singular
Europe 's farmers need help now .	4	Singular
By the way , Cullen and Dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to Melanie Gray .	2	Singular
This was heavily promoted by the Australasian Radiation Protection Society in a press release titled THE MYTHS OF CHERNOBYL which contained the following :	8	Singular
If an engagement with Iran envelops our forces in Iraq , and comes to involve Syria , our economy will likely shatter under the strain of fighting so many countries simultaneously .	18	Singular
Like in the case of organized crime , it is crucial that the forces on the offensive be united and it is crucial to reach the top of the crime pyramid .	26	Singular
We would n't want those terrorists to run out of shit to shoot at us .	14	Plural
The trial begins again Nov. 28 .	2	Singular
I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee 's position in connection with the enforcement / nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking .	7	Singular
At least one expert believes China 's intentions might include a surprise attempt to circle the moon with astronauts before NASA 's planned lunar return .	20	Singular
By using collateral to pay these bills are we not keeping required levels available ?	5	Plural
Records show that on Oct. 31 , power generators and electricity traders filed letters with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , demanding that the new plan be killed .	8	Plural
$ 64.2 m - The Amount Pioneers and Rangers had raised for Bush - Cheney as of March 2004 .	8	Plural
Debra Perlingiere	0	Singular
At this stage it is more important to concentrate on assessing how we can use this process to steer Union regional policy , bearing in mind that the aim is to reduce regional inequality .	29	Singular
It would not be a good thing to blindly apply competition rules and risk endangering the efficiency of Community and national interventions .	18	Singular
And if the Dursleys were unhappy to have him back for the holidays , it was nothing to how Harry felt .	16	Singular
Play your CD's , 8 - tracks , reel to reels , cassettes , vinyl 33 / 45's , and shellac 78's through this little integrated amp , you 'll get a big eye opener !	14	Singular
It 's all ours !	1	Singular
So huge in fact , that Toronto slang is influenced by and has Jamaican references , and Jamaican beef patties are staples in my high school cafeteria .	14	Plural
My insurance company , Blue Cross / Blue Shield paid the fees and everything was fine .	1	Singular
Daniela Karine Ramos dadaniela@gmail.com Universidade Federal de Santa Catarin	0	Singular
He had this Habit of telling you Everything ..	3	Singular
Something else clicked and I tried to see what it was but could n’t see anything .	4	Singular
The attached documents include the GA II Settlement proposal , an Attachment ( a copy of PG&E 's proposed Gas Rule 27 ) , and a set of supporting workpapers .	26	Singular
The Russian Empire was an agglomeration of diverse ethnicities that had shown significant signs of disunity in the years before the First World War .	15	Singular
Mr President , I would firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Koch , on his magnificent work and his positive cooperation with the Commission with regard to improving the texts and presenting this report and this proposal ;	25	Singular
> 100,000 Newsgroups	2	Plural
I faxed you the promotional on 10300 Heritage Office Building with the Nimitz post office .	9	Singular
They went the extra mile to repair my cowboy boots -- they had to have a special kind of paper that looked like wood grain to fix the heels .	8	Singular
The pictures are broadcast at a rate of about 60 Hz , which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving , flawless picture .	21	Plural
Particularly in the absence of any entreaty from them .	6	Singular
All three of Mrs Weasley 's sons were taller than she was , but they cowered as her rage broke over them .	21	Plural
The main reason I wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust .	14	Plural
Hearing is a dog ’s secondary sense , and I will discuss that in another blog entery .	9	Singular
They are either raised coral limestone or coral atolls .	7	Singular
I would n't recommend this place last year , and I certainly would n't recommend them this year .	16	Singular
Likewise , a denial of state civil recognition dishonors the religious convictions of those communities and clergy who officiate at , and bless , same - gender marriages .	11	Plural
This gave us the data that ants choose more medicine after they have been infected .	11	Plural
Bloom Legal was really attentive to my problem , and Seth Bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue I was dealing with .	10	Singular
The turnout of this election was the highest in the history of Legislative Council elections , with around 2 million voters voted and a turnout rate of 58 % .	4	Singular
In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge concerning the origins and consequences of discrimination and bias . [ 11 ]	17	Singular
I 've had writer friends describe horror stories with their printers .	10	Plural
Do n’t use a joke until you ’re completely comfortable with it .	11	Singular
Fresh basil not only tastes better than dried , it actually tastes different , almost as if it were not the same herb .	22	Singular
In the Endurance expedition in 1914 , the British ship Endurance , captained by Sir Ernest Shackleton , set sail with twenty eight men to cross the Antarctic .	15	Singular
We also need to follow this up and make sure that our rules are transposed by the Member States in good time and - even more importantly - we need to ensure that they are also applied afterwards .	33	Plural
After you have had the chance to review the attached , please send me a marked - up draft and we can discuss our concerns from there .	24	Plural
Koran descends to Earth : April 6 , 610 AD Monday	1	Singular
He is grieving for his son .	5	Singular
I am well aware that this was also the aim of Parliament 's work .	6	Singular
The Romantic poets attempted to revive Shakespearean verse drama , though with little success .	2	Plural
Ideally this group would consist of four to six people from finance , legal , and operations so that we get good cross-functional feedback about our services .?	2	Singular
Are n't they interested in the benefits of going to Heaven ?	6	Plural
All Harry 's spellbooks , his wand , robes , cauldron and top-of-the-range Nimbus Two Thousand broomstick had been locked in a cupboard under the stairs by Uncle Vernon the instant Harry had come home .	16	Singular
Luckily I live very close , so I can abuse it during week - ends ...	12	Singular
2 of them are kinda whitish and are about 4 - 5 cm long .	12	Plural
My sixteen-year-old daughter pulls up her T-shirt sleeve to show her bare arm , the skin summer brown and the muscle swelling slightly into smooth biceps , flawless .	15	Singular
I told the bus driver where to drop her off .	4	Singular
HTML , while well suited for providing text and image display information for Web browsers , is limited in its ability to define data and data structures .	10	Singular
His magnum opus was a sequence of short stories and novels collectively entitled La Comédie humaine , which presents a panorama of French life in the years after the 1815 fall of Napoleon Bonaparte .	18	Singular
I well remember what intelligent , informed people were saying in the last years of the Weimar Republic , what they told one another in the first days after Hindenburg had brought in Hitler .	27	Plural
What is still being perpetuated in all civilized discussion is the ritual of civilized discussion itself .	8	Singular
The ISO board called an emergency meeting the next week demanding Winter explain his actions .	13	Singular
What do you really know about George W. Bush ’s time in the Air National Guard ?	8	Singular
Everyone has the right to freedom of opinion and expression ;	1	Singular
RAPHAEL born : April 6 , 1483 Sunday	3	Singular
Stayed in the Seaview room here in December 2009 !	7	Singular
I like to imagine that scene in the marketplace at Toledo .	5	Singular
Kühn can only shake his head .	5	Singular
He crossed the room gently to look at the sick man , and returning , said to me , ' He does not hear . '	3	Singular
When you have a looming project that 's bogging you down and making you unproductive in other areas , tackle it first .	5	Singular
the colours on the mosque almost visible , the silvered burglar grilles on the elaborate houses of the Indian sector .	19	Singular
I would beseech you to transfer a sum equaling ten to twenty - five percent ( 10 - 25 % ) of your yearly income to our account to aid in this important venture .	19	Singular
Most of you are familiar with Portobello mushrooms .	3	Plural
Nothing was ever at 90 degrees .	0	Singular
No hurry , I was just wondering .	4	Singular
The Weasleys roared with laughter and Harry settled back in his seat , grinning from ear to ear .	10	Singular
Even there , many Kurds look and act as if they are going to grab the chance to vote them out of power .	10	Plural
No fool when it comes to the press	7	Singular
tttthhhhh Madonna !	0	Singular
Our Group emphasises the importance of the principle of subsidiarity , the responsibility of Member States and the role of local players in drafting and implementing programmes .	2	Singular
Can you help me interpret this statement and work through the numbers on my account .	13	Singular
" Wait , wait , is this 50 questions ? " asked Bush .	8	Plural
2 3/4 cups ( 345 g ) self raising flour	9	Singular
Text the other person a brief message asking them about their day , asking them a specific question about work or school , or simply saying " Hi ! " .	6	Singular
Instead of using vegetable oil , try substituting it for walnut or macadamia nut oils if they are available to you .	4	Singular
Balzac 's vision of a society in which class , money and personal ambition are the major players has been endorsed by critics of both left-wing and right-wing political tendencies .	4	Singular
The former leader of the Egyptian Al - Gamaa al - Islamiya ( " Islamic Group " ) , he was also a spiritual leader of Al Qaeda .	6	Singular
Fill flats or individual seed containers with a mixture of equal parts perlite , vermiculite , and peat .	1	Plural
However , in April 2001 , the IAEA published Fifteen Years after the Chernobyl Accident - Lessons learned . which contradict the earlier reports .	9	Singular
an annotated text of the bill , read the article by D. Singmaster in " The Mathematical Intelligencer " v 7 # 2 , pp 69 - 72 .	17	Singular
The report states that few if any food manufacturers use iodised salt in the preparation and manufacture of foods .	16	Singular
Salon is clean and girls are nice .	4	Plural
She is very conscientious about what she signs , and who initials what .	0	Singular
As he crossed the threshold and entered the apartment , he could feel himself going blank , as if his brain had suddenly shut off .	20	Singular
The fingers closed slowly on it and held – there was no other movement and no other glance .	13	Singular
Another report from the cliff made me think suddenly of that ship of war I had seen firing into a continent .	14	Singular
I read an Article in Time magazine accusing the Iranian Government of being willing to start a nuclear war and I sympathise with the Article .	6	Singular
The ghoul in the attic howled and dropped pipes whenever he felt things were getting too quiet , and small explosions from Fred and George 's bedroom were considered perfectly normal .	8	Plural
I du n no how they did it , but Scottish friends --- this is THE REAL DEAL .	14	Singular
I was soooo lucky to have used Marlon 's photography services .... such a creative and talented photographer and a pleasure to work with .	0	Singular
University exhibits can reach out and attract large audiences .	8	Plural
The Caribbean Sea had been unknown to the populations of Eurasia until 1492 , when Christopher Columbus first sailed into Caribbean waters on a quest to find a sea route to Asia .	29	Singular
I am not a client of liquidweb.com , but one of my friend called Steven is the client having several websites .	0	Singular
( Parliament rejected the request , with 164 votes for , 166 votes against and 7 abstentions ) .	16	Plural
Flipped the square over and saw it riddled with green mold !!!!	6	Singular
What she ’s saying and what she ’s doing , it — actually , it ’s unbelievable .	14	Singular
Truly james bond style stuff ... would recommend	2	Singular
The Archbishop , who has himself cooked the eggplant and the leg of lamb , tells the company his recipes .	1	Singular
A restaurant with this many patrons willing to stand in line just to order tacos must be good , right ?	3	Singular
Across the way , occupying the greater part of the station 's east wall , was the Kodak display photograph , with its bright unearthly colors .	25	Plural
After firing this company my next pool service found the filters had not been cleaned as they should have been .	7	Singular
Within seven days , I started getting money in the mail !!	7	Singular
Derya , of all people , hearing you scream !	0	Singular
We all know that John Kerry served in Vietnam .	0	Plural
Portrait shot of Dennis Hopper , famous for his role in the 1969 film Easy Rider , amongst the Warhol Polaroids donated to USI by the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts .	1	Singular
Madam President , there are only two ways to improve air quality .	10	Singular
I thought the US government was looking for me .	0	Singular
An altar cloth was draped over her half - naked body , which was posed as if she had been sexually assaulted .	10	Singular
did you hook up with that blonde chick saturday night ?	9	Singular
Israel 's security interests are best served by peace with its neighbors , which can only be achieved by trading land for peace with the Palestinians .	10	Singular
Five minutes before my initial lesson , I got a call from Gerry advising me of his arrival and to come down as soon as I was ready .	1	Plural
But one should not go here expecting something fantastic , unless perhaps you 've never had middle - eastern food before , or succulent duck , tasty lamb , decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts .	24	Singular
My idea was to let that chain-gang get out of sight before I climbed the hill .	5	Singular
What I have been hearing about the representative in Nicaragua is indicative that the project had not been properly closed down .	1	Singular
Would do business with them again .	2	Singular
The best value I 've found from a Chinese restaurant .	2	Singular
He heard the sound of someone entering the room behind him .	3	Singular
This is the cage I have whhich is pretty much IMPOSSIBLE to escape from :	7	Singular
From the amount of time spent with us to explain things during the initial quote , to the communication through the approval process to the actual workmanship of the build itself .	2	Singular
I have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm ( Houston time ) with Antonio Felix de Araujo Cintra from the Tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in Brazil .	15	Singular
Stillman 's train was not due to arrive until six-forty-one , but Quinn wanted time to study the geography of the place , to make sure that Stillman would not be able to slip away from him .	14	Singular
The original people of the islands are the Moriori , who were descended from the Maori of mainland New Zealand , but who developed their own culture and variant of the language .	2	Plural
The whole Western Addition and a large portion of the Haight was black .	11	Singular
The amount of goods transported on the Danube increased to about 100 million tons in 1987 .	13	Plural
11 - Number of press conferences during his first three years in office in which Bush referred to questions as being " trick " ones .	18	Plural
The Archbishop is really very handsome , with his full cheeks , his long clear dark-green eyes , and the short strong beard .	12	Singular
The secretary general of CEI ( Italian Episcopal Conference ) , Nunzio Galantino , has called the sentence " dangerous " ( ( it ) ) and " ideological " ( ( it ) ) :	17	Singular
In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .	9	Plural
Game 6 : Tuesday , June 19 @ 7:30 PM vs. Washington MYSTICS	11	Singular
Aner Shalev	0	Singular
* Preserves a rate differential between the Redwood and Baja paths , although somewhat less than the current differential . *	18	Singular
Mr. ARCHIBALD : George certainly did n't seem to have any concerns about my taking over this work with the campaign workers there .	3	Singular
Hong Kong Island was ceded to Britain , and certain ports , including Shanghai and Guangzhou , were opened to British trade and residence .	3	Singular
Waiting to be summoned to the customs officers ' booths , the companions of the journey ignored each other .	7	Plural
We therefore had to meet these two fundamental objectives and I sincerely believe that we are close to achieving this .	0	Plural
Wikinews interviews Robert Sarvis , Libertarian Party nominee for Governor of Virginia	6	Singular
US and NATO military officers in Kabul say it is too early to say whether Bush ’s tough message was instrumental in persuading Musharraf and the ISI to pressure the Taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections .	23	Singular
People who study ballet also retain flexibility throughout their adult lives , making this technique the basis of training for all types of dance .	13	Singular
But my work would not begin till some two hundred miles farther on . So as soon as I could I made a start for a place thirty miles higher up .	28	Plural
I know that 's ugly ... but she wo n't help you out for anything ... sad story .	7	Singular
US and NATO military officers in Kabul say it is too early to say whether Bush ’s tough message was instrumental in persuading Musharraf and the ISI to pressure the Taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections .	30	Singular
Rodents require special bedding in their cages to absorb their waste , and this needs to be cleaned regularly , or your hamster could suffer from problems due the buildup of ammonia from his urine .	33	Singular
cost of the U.S. in money and men ?	3	Singular
In 1928 , a 90 - hectare golf course was built in the north - eastern part of the park , next to the racetrack .	24	Singular
Thought you 'd like to know that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the Compaq Center ... it 's all about you and your needs .	32	Singular
Mr. ARCHIBALD : He told us whenever he was stopped , as soon as the law enforcement found out that he was the grandson of Prescott Bush , they would let him go .	3	Singular
There are numerous other examples of such Orwellian nomenclature , used every day not only by terror chiefs but also by Western media .	16	Singular
But , we had a great laid back day last Saturday and I think have hit that comfortable stage ... you know , not quite so formal about dates etc .	16	Singular
Many lives are wasted every year because of the depredations of the people-smugglers .	1	Plural
When those lucky enough not to have Herpes create a climate of shame and indignity for those of us who do , not only are they hurting us , but they are hurting themselves .	33	Plural
It is a psycho-spiritual exercise and benefiting the mind by developing stamina and strength .	8	Singular
He said that they have the training and the funding as well as the support of neighbouring and regional governments .	9	Singular
The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming , and makes me more grateful for the blessings I have .	15	Singular
That granddaughter : her parents both worked in the vineyards , and when she was a child , she would play in my courtyard in the after-noons .	26	Plural
52 - Percentage of votes cast during the 2002 midterm elections that were recorded by Election Systems & Software , the largest voting - technology firm , a big Republican donor .	25	Singular
I would remind you that Mr Cornelissen 's report has been added to the agenda for Tuesday .	14	Singular
The little creature on the bed had large , bat-like ears and bulging green eyes the size of tennis balls .	19	Plural
They said that we were to be charged for this room regardless because we did not cancel within the 72 hours .	0	Plural
I am currently employed with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild .	10	Singular
I 'm assuming it 's to scare off predators / like how they will puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies .	27	Plural
For a growth - starved US economy , the transformation of its codependent partner could well be a fork in the road .	6	Singular
The Iguazu Falls are easily accessible and , dependent on your time restrictions and budget , you can get to the area by either bus or plane .	2	Plural
Immobile among the moving crowd , he stood there and watched .	6	Singular
He Would Tear Down Our System Of Checks And Balances , Giving Far Too Much Power To The President	4	Plural
This extradition and imprisonment of Al Qaeda leaders , along with US support for Israel and the Mubarak government in Egypt , remains foremost in the mind of Dr. Zawahiri .	28	Singular
Reports are circulating in the intelligence community that the Andaman Islands are not only thick with Myanmar rebels .	10	Plural
And he is not following me when I was walking .	7	Singular
Such intelligent discussion has n't always been wrong .	3	Singular
VINGAS	0	Singular
A page that uses a Microsoft Office Chart Component	3	Singular
The bus is obviously the cheaper option , and travelling up from Buenos Aires the trip is a full 20 hours , although the buses are very comfortable with spacious reclining seats .	15	Singular
Absolute Nightmare !	1	Singular
Thanks in advance for your cooperation .	0	Singular
What 's the difference between Indian and African ringnecks and alexandrine parrots ? ?	3	Singular
This is one of my favorite places to eat for lunch .	6	Plural
Rates ca n't go up w/out declaring the rate freeze over in some fashion --- trying to finesse it .	13	Singular
Just because you 're stuck , does nt give you the right to drag down all the singles around you .	6	Singular
Oh and btw I live in los angeles look for places in like the lb area and torrance etc thanx ^_^	17	Singular
Little evidence substantiates such stories other than hearsay collected after his death , and Shakeshafte was a common name in the Lancashire area .	18	Singular
I looked at motocross and the more I looked , this one woman ’s face kept coming up , in photographs that looked as if they were from the 1970s .	20	Plural
Dr Mcdonald is wonderful .	0	Singular
The back of my jersey says " The Poet ' because growing up that was my nickname .	13	Singular
This paper describes a collaborative pilot project focusing on a unique collection of 17th Century Zurbarán paintings .	1	Singular
This means the experimenter does n't know which ants belong to which treatment , so it 's impossible to influence the results with ' observer bias ' .	3	Singular
That was not in agreement eather , but they realy demand it .	4	Singular
Clinton had worked out a deal with Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in summer of 1999 that would have allowed the US to send a Special Ops team in after Bin Laden in Qandahar , based from Pakistan .	21	Singular
This is the first US " sample return " mission since Apollo , and the first ever from beyond the moon .	11	Singular
There is a risk that observers underestimate the time that Al Qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and development .	1	Singular
I remain convinced that if we can just get the facts in front of people they will modulate their approach .	10	Plural
Telling good jokes is an art that comes naturally to some people , but for others it takes practice and hard work .	5	Singular
They may not be familiar , but they will be fascinating .	0	Plural
For a growth - starved US economy , the transformation of its codependent partner could well be a fork in the road .	18	Singular
Lunar landers and other gear needed for extended visits to the moon will be lofted by gargantuan launchers as big as the Apollo - era Saturn 5 , the most powerful rockets ever flown .	26	Singular
Let aggressive ( American ) leaders and soldiers know that we are capable of protecting the city 's security and safety , and ask them to lift their hands from the city . "	16	Singular
Visitors will not be allowed in the other shuttles and this trainer is a true win for our dynamic museum .	17	Plural
If al - Qaeda can kill Musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by Islamist junior officers , they can hope to catapult the MMA to power as political allies and hosts .	3	Singular
Although it is often alleged ( without much evidence ) that Saddam Hussein gave money to the families of Palestinian suicide bombers and so encouraged asymmetrical warfare , it is not clear that he actually posed a danger to Israel .	39	Singular
were you able to discuss the " bad faith " proceedings issue yesterday ?	11	Singular
It is easy to get discount airfare for them since they travel very frequently .	1	Singular
Cullen and Dykman ( attorneys for Boston Gas Company ) approved all of our changes on the agreement to release the Tenn and Iroq space back to Boston Gas .	14	Plural
The seeker has to find the snitch blindfolded , relying only on the coach 's instructions , while the game is still on .	13	Singular
Two Parts :	1	Plural
The plain fact is that a few members of IT are pushing this initiative , but they lack commercial sponsorship .	19	Singular
He preserved aspects of his earlier style in the later plays , however .	2	Plural
The palatial home of the family of conquistador leader Montejo can still be seen on the south side of the Zócalo or main square .	17	Singular
The US chose to ally itself with such groups as the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq , whose 15,000 - strong Badr Corps paramilitary was trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards .	5	Singular
Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !	11	Singular
The current New Zealand flag is partially based on the United Kingdom 's flag ;	5	Singular
Undersecretary for Education Mr. Toccafondi says " many schools will increase their fees or they will quit . Then the State will have to find new resources to build new structures and manage them " ( ( it ) ) .	8	Plural
And they seem to be posted at fairly regular intervals ?	9	Plural
For example , I would like to know if Rothko or Kline did any work on paper .	1	Singular
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task ; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business .	5	Singular
Minister of Education Stefania Giannini said a " more general reflection " ( ( it ) ) is needed .	14	Singular
A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and the Middle East .	3	Singular
He had only just reached the upstairs landing when the door bell rang and Uncle Vernon 's furious face appeared at the foot of the stairs .	7	Singular
29 - Percentage of votes that will be cast via computer voting machines that do n't produce a paper record .	4	Plural
The warm chocolate cake was very tasty , but served at room temperature , not warm by any stretch of the imagination .	2	Singular
I have lived in the UTC La Jolla area for many years , and I never new this salon was here until a friend reffered me to see Holly here .	0	Singular
M.D. Nalapat , an expert on jihad , is professor of geopolitics at the Manipal Academy of Higher Education , India .	9	Singular
I wondered if anyone ever went back under the bleachers , if there were crickets or mice there .	14	Plural
i have bought some long reptile feeding tweezers and have tried holding the pinky in front of the snake 's face .	18	Singular
To reserve one of these rooms , you must inform the Wyndham staff that you are part of the CAEM group .	19	Singular
On a recent event quote that I had done , they came in thousands of dollars over their local competition .	19	Singular
Rodents require special bedding in their cages to absorb their waste , and this needs to be cleaned regularly , or your hamster could suffer from problems due the buildup of ammonia from his urine .	22	Singular
This could well be the day I make the biggest deal of my career , said Uncle Vernon .	13	Singular
I 'm Paul Auster , said the man .	2	Singular
The USI art gallery celebrated the Thursday opening with its display of Warhol 's Polaroids , gelatin silver prints and several colored screen prints .	3	Singular
Sam , please confirm , Global Counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems .	6	Singular
He said angrily to Wentz , directing the remark at the wife through the husband , What did you get in return that was worth it ?	21	Singular
His initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned L.L.C .	6	Singular
Speaking of Fallujah , we have only Al - Jazeera to rely on for our news from there .	2	Singular
And if you have n't heard by now , the roster of suspected terrorists has not a Tom , Dick or Harry among them :	21	Singular
I visited London , Edinburgh , and St. Andrew s so far , and I was treated very well and with great kindness .	15	Singular
In Europe , before the outbreak of the war , the Allies had significant advantages in both population and economics .	5	Singular
As far as George Bush knew , he and his unit could have been transferred to Vietnam .	4	Singular
Each day starts with one or more lectures by researchers , that address the conceptual knowledge needed .	9	Plural
Bush was only able to give a partial response to the query on the leader of Taiwan , referring to Taiwanese President Lee Teng - hui simply as " Lee . "	16	Singular
Alejandra González Anaya , one of the parade 's creative directors , explained to CNN why Mexico have decided now is the time to put on such a show .	28	Singular
And the air is strangely clear .	2	Singular
Thanks very much for the comments .	5	Plural
Nordau was also the co founder of the World Zionist Organization .	1	Singular
Bray asked everywhere about Edward Shinza ; certainly he was not in evidence at any official occasion .	5	Singular
- Herbert Henry Asquith	1	Singular
Increased friction - the ocean surface is much , much smoother than the land surface .	13	Singular
If democracy is just free elections , it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected , the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory .	8	Singular
Since so much of the town ’s retail area is clustered in 3 or 4 block radius , it would be beneficial to walk around , but might also be dangerous given the high traffic intersections .	8	Singular
Many of Balzac 's tormented characters were created in the small second - floor bedroom .	0	Plural
Schemas provide a model for an XML data document which defines the arrangement of tags and text within all documents referencing the schema .	8	Singular
Food like the stuff they eat in Spanish countries like tacos , beans , rice , pork , steak , ect .	14	Singular
Mr Mason stayed just long enough to tell the Dursleys that his wife was mortally afraid of birds of all shapes and sizes , and to ask whether this was their idea of a joke .	13	Singular
I believe someone called about this today , but Mr. Lay asked me to let you know that these dates do n't work for him , either .	6	Singular
Kitchen puts out good food and has daily specials .	6	Singular
The I/C design is for a UltraSonic meter and this is dependent on their testing schedule ( Canada or Kansas are the only two places to test to 100 % of design ) .	9	Singular
Most important , despite the Russian army massed against us , we are embarking on an election campaign .	11	Plural
I got dressed , but my page was quicker than I was and ran out of the chamber to see what was what .	0	Singular
Colorful lantern scenes not only fill the central square but also the surrounding 2 km circumference of the memorial .	15	Singular
The flat-rate approach produces more risk of overcompensation , which is why we have set the margin at 2.6 -% .	7	Singular
For many visitors , the first place they are likely to visit is Downtown , especially if they are in town on business , or simply do not know where to start .	22	Singular
this is not where the Blue Water Bridge Duty Free is located .	1	Singular
It turns out that a lot of dolphins are being sold as meat in the whale meat market around the world .	0	Singular
It is also peak tourist season , which means there are far more people just about everywhere but the most remote corners of the island , and prices are at their highest .	27	Plural
I am a music junkie that grew up in the 80's , and my dad worked for a record label in the 1960's .	22	Plural
E E Cummings , locked up by the French government , finds his aesthetic paradise in the detention camp of Ferte Mace .	2	Singular
SPLOID.com cited you on the topic of that priest conviction : http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php	7	Singular
The Onion has a different creative process where we are not trying to hit everything in the 24 hours and on the same notes .	1	Singular
If somebody makes a wai to you , a slight bow alone is more than sufficient for ordinary occasions , and for business , most Thais will shake hands with foreigners instead of waiing anyway .	12	Singular
It appears this guy is going to bring stability to the country and I think that 's good news for the subcontinent . "	0	Singular
Could you please ask Shanna to take this situation to Sharon tomorrow ?	4	Singular
The executives also received so - called " performance pay " for succeeding or surpassing expectations , sharing a pot of $ 1.5 million among them , or an estimated $ 15,000 each on average .	8	Singular
His more unusual accolades include global ambassador for New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation , and a place at Harvard Business School .	11	Singular
Other than picking up objects from the street , Stillman seemed to do nothing .	7	Singular
Currently , the US is facing an asymmetrical attack from groups wielding small arms , shoulder - fired grenades and roadside bombs .	4	Singular
I think the first step is a call between yourself , me , Mark Stubley and Mike Indivero .	11	Singular
Oh , I 'd love to get Lucius Malfoy for something	7	Singular
In 1912 was founded the first film company ( Athina Film ) and in 1916 the Asty Film .	10	Singular
We were introduced to Bistro Tallulah by traveler - professional diner who happens to own the Adelphi Hotel and travels the world -- and residing in Paris , London , New York the rest of the year .	31	Singular
I 'm not sure how the market will react .	6	Singular
At the Barton hearing , a liberal democrat ( Filner ) and a conservative Republican ( Hunter ) locked arms in calling for refunds .	23	Plural
Yazid Sufaat provided Moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for Infocus Technologies and allegedly provided him $ 35,000 .	10	Singular
If you are just applying for a birth certificate for the first time , it s simple to do it over the computer .	8	Singular
Recently , Russian president Vladimir Putin bluntly stated that Iran is not developing its nuclear capability for any reasons beyond peaceful energy creation , and pledged to continue assisting Iran in this endeavor .	31	Singular
I say , NO , I am at the RADISON WARWICK HOTEL in Rittenhouse Square .	10	Singular
We support the introduction of a European quality mark , which takes account of animal welfare and the environment .	8	Singular
We embrace and then we go out of doors with a bottle to have a drink and get some sun .	15	Singular
Tropical species have moved up to Florida and the Gulf Coast .	1	Plural
If using a t-shirt to strain , be sure fabric softener or a dryer sheet had not been used with it , lets you get some extra ( unwanted ) flavoring ( and potentially toxic chemicals ) .	35	Plural
Now that I live here , this is my favorite place to grab flowers for friends and coworkers !	13	Plural
Montalvo has been assisted by former members of Scientology , including musician Tiziano Lugli and actor Jason Beghe .	12	Singular
Compared to previous third party candidates at the gubernatorial level , you have done exceptionally well in opinion polling .	5	Plural
We see the base of the food chain , the plankton , the small things , and we see how those animals are food to animals in the middle of the pyramid , and on so up this diagram .	10	Singular
Put on a pair of spurs and before she makes that trot step , it 's in the feeling when you feel her think trot , tick her with the spur and lift with your body to keep her moving .	3	Singular
By flooding himself with externals , by drowning himself out of himself , he had managed to exert some small degree of control over his fits of despair .	11	Singular
The eighteen steps of the dance are done rhythmically .	5	Singular
The other two anti-establishment camp elects were Hui Chi-fung from the Democratic Party and Tanya Chan of the Civic Party , both considered to be in the pan-democracy camp .	8	Singular
Comments Log in to add a comment	6	Singular
The reason for advertising the video in Germany is unclear .	5	Singular
That changed on September 22 when President George W. Bush , Musharraf and Karzai held a three way meeting in New York on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly .	9	Singular
The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited by the following restrictions :	16	Singular
That was the day that GOD 'S CURSE fell upon the world of Rock .	13	Singular
I suppose that it 's damn lucky for the GOP that she is populated with gullible idiots .	3	Singular
A pattern of arrests and seizures indicate that arms are brought by the LTTE from Laos , Cambodia and Thailand into Chittagong , from where they are transported northward by land to Bhutan .	25	Plural
-- The return to flight activities for the Shuttle program are funded at $ 4.319 billion , the requested level from the Administration .	19	Singular
This has to do with one of the few buildings in the city center that was spared from destruction by the end of the Second World War .	1	Singular
We were just trying to come up with a topical and funny new cocktail for our customers to laugh about and enjoy .	16	Plural
In the wild , Formica fusca can encounter similar chemicals in aphids and dead ants .	2	Singular
We felt that the menu had a little more variety on the Mariner of the Seas .	0	Plural
The horse is not in pain .	2	Singular
Staff is very friendly they treat you like a human being and not just another patient .	4	Plural
These guys took Customer Service 101 from a Neanderthal .	3	Singular
The last programming exercise for the pre - accession assistance referred to in paragraph 1 shall take place in the last year preceding accession .	9	Singular
Since Hippocrates , people have been discussing how " nature " and " nurture " interact to shape a person 's development .	4	Plural
In 1997 , he married María Elena Fernandez-Miranda , a lawyer and diplomatic attache .	6	Singular
“ Superheroes are outside of human experience and so is this , so I treated it like a drama , ” Zimmer says .	1	Plural
HBS will shadow Enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period .	32	Singular
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID .	16	Singular
I am pleased to confirm that the Commission has received the report to which the honourable Member refers .	17	Singular
Well , they have a variety of sports that they play like basketball , soccer , etc .	14	Singular
Let me know if acceptable and I will go ahead and execute .	6	Singular
As a result , many people quickly open emails or mindlessly click on links and attachments with nary a thought of its consequences .	22	Plural
Ahmed Al - Chalabi and defense minister Hazim Al - Sha'lan have been engaging in shrill public attacks over the media .	0	Singular
Today the quarter still has many Armenian Churches , an Armenian school , shops and Armenian residents .	16	Plural
Occasionally , after poring over an object in this way , Stillman would toss it back onto the sidewalk . But more often than not he would open his bag and lay the object gently inside it .	29	Singular
To select several controls at once in a data access page , you must have Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.5 installed on your computer .	17	Singular
It costs us so much money to for us to travel overseas and to compete internationally .	2	Plural
This has led to the adoption of a common position on Burma and the withdrawal of GSP benefits .	1	Singular
That 's why I 'm posting here !	0	Singular
Balzac had difficulty adapting to the rote style of learning at the school .	9	Singular
Yesterday evening , the Posada story was featured in the public television news show in Germany ( ARD , Tagesthemen ) .	15	Singular
If the pedicure lasted 20 mins. , that was a stretch .	7	Singular
In earlier periods the large majority of participants were law enforcement agents , reflecting the priority to establish closer professional ties for a more efficient fight against euro counterfeiting .	5	Singular
Everyone is relaxed and having fun !!!	1	Singular
It s prettty much the same $$$ , please advice !?????!!!!	1	Singular
The metal rail of the steps wheeled against the plane was icy-wet to his palm and in the streaming rain he did not smell the Aegean or thyme , as he had remembered from other journeys to Africa .	1	Singular
He did not bother to read over what he had written .	8	Singular
( Harrison ) Kyle Jones Technical Solutions Engineer	3	Singular
Afshari , who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war , said that when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their education system , the Mujahedeen refused .	33	Singular
I strolled up .	0	Singular
If you 're really ambitious , set a goal of helping others become fluent in the language .	8	Singular
We are still trying to figure out some of the cash traders .	10	Singular
Lora Sullivan Federal Government Affairs Representative Enron 1775 Eye Street , NW Suite 800 Washington , DC 20006 202-466-9142 202-828-3372 ( fax ) email : lora.sullivan@enron.com	3	Singular
He had not eaten since breakfast early that morning .	0	Singular
Actions under these programmes will have to be contracted within the following two years .	13	Plural
Most people choose cars , but if headed to a central area , such as Main Street , it is best to drive there , park in a municipal parking lot , and walk around from there .	3	Plural
Sometimes before the dusk wavered the wood away into the distance , he went out into the sunlight that collected like golden water in the dip of the meadows and shot a partridge .	25	Singular
yet again it was a great stay from begiinning to end .	3	Singular
The Island is new to tourism , so if you are looking for a luxurious vacation this is not the right destination .	5	Singular
We pointed out to the PX that there was excess credit .	5	Singular
If we are to get a common transport market genuinely up and running , it is important that we should not only have regulations but that these regulations should also , as far as possible , apply to every country .	12	Singular
$ 59,339 - Amount the Bush campaign reimbursed Enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign .	15	Singular
In Design view of a form , report , or data access page , you can format a control in the following ways :	7	Singular
In the foreground , facing the magazine rack , a young student stood with an open magazine in his hands , staring at a picture of a naked woman .	6	Singular
It 's a book of opening , Overtures I called it , and there is no end to the stories .	14	Singular
Crossing between the genres of science fiction , horror , anime , fantasy and comics , the event sprawled throughout all corners of the facility .	6	Singular
The problem is that the civilized world is still having illusions about the rule of law in a totally lawless environment .	20	Singular
I hope to lead the Republican party in a new direction for working class Americans .	10	Singular
I guess those guns will be located enroute to Venezuela or found in storage there by one of the US 's local stooges and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two .	3	Plural
Good Lord , I 'd like to see him again !	1	Singular
Location : Houston , Texas USA	0	Singular
If you can present opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds , or other ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the S@P , I 'd listen .	4	Plural
34 - Percentage decline in criminal penalties for environmental crimes since Bush took office .	2	Singular
But the depth and persistence of the ongoing crisis have exposed the euro 's fundamental fragilities , and should serve as a warning that today 's technocratic Band - Aids may not hold in the face of another shock .	35	Singular
The Egyptian pharaoh thus found himself in northern Amurru , well past Kadesh , in Tunip , where no Egyptian soldier had been seen since the time of Thutmose III almost 120 years earlier .	28	Singular
The guaranteed rates will be adjustable only for significant changes in the cost of capital or increased costs due to governmental requirements or catastrophic events . *	12	Singular
$ 50 m - Amount granted to the commission that looked into the Columbia space shuttle crash .	8	Singular
This is one of my favorite places to eat for lunch .	10	Singular
He recovered and became a prisoner of war at surrender of Charleston , South Carolina on May 12 , 1780 .	5	Singular
it 's got the character of the miners ' pub it was , but it 's very handy for the new government offices , not too overawing , so you get quite a few Africans coming in .	7	Plural
I just moved nearby and have tried several of the local places , this was the first one and I should have just stuck with it .	19	Singular
In the early 17 th century , Shakespeare wrote the so-called " problem plays " Measure for Measure , Troilus and Cressida , and All 's Well That Ends Well and a number of his best known tragedies .	13	Plural
This a very popular place for locals to picnic on Friday and holiday evenings .	6	Plural
as far as French planning experts are concerned , for example , the most probable scenario today is that of the entrenchment of regional disparities within each country .	24	Plural
Regards ,	0	Plural
Arrange rack in the middle of the oven .	7	Singular
The worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like Zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims that " everyone " is going to " love " the food , decor and service .	8	Singular
South Korea 's Feminine Future .	4	Singular
The following categories from the original questionnaire were collapsed into one category for the analysis : race ; ancestry or national origin ; and shade of skin color .	2	Plural
There was a group in loud discussion round the empty fireplace where the beer bottles were stacked ...	6	Singular
Do your writers have similar rules of thumb ?	5	Plural
For the first time in the last six years the rate of unemployment has dropped below 20 % , and there are already 600,000 more people employed than there were a year ago .	31	Singular
They bake bread fresh daily , they do n't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it , and the meat is always fresh .	18	Singular
This will paste a copy of the letter into the notepad so that you will add your name to the list .	20	Singular
Looking for something on the casual side and we want it to be fun .	8	Plural
So he 's got a -- I 'm a decision - maker and I can make good decisions .	17	Plural
The storm threatened oil installations in the Gulf of Mexico where about one - quarter of US oil operations are based .	1	Singular
He had made it to the third or fourth paragraph when the man turned slowly toward him , gave him a vicious stare , and jerked the paper out of view .	0	Singular
Harry Potter was a wizard – a wizard fresh from his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .	15	Singular
I thought it was Errol 's fault at first –	0	Singular
73 - Number of times that Bush mentioned terrorism or terrorists in his three State of the Union addresses .	8	Singular
India had to pull back its forces from Sri Lanka in 1989 following the election of Ranasinghe Premadasa , a strong critic of Indian mediation .	17	Singular
In 1821 Balzac met the enterprising Auguste Lepoitevin , who convinced the author to write short stories , which Lepoitevin would then sell to publishers .	12	Singular
Additionally we tried the Logan Circle roll , spicy crab and tuna roll , and sweet potato tempura roll ( $ 15 , $ 10 , and $ 3.75 respectively ) .	1	Plural
Rules in the room : # 1 ) if you drink the soda from the fridge in your room you must prove it by leaving the can in the trash .	0	Plural
What 'll happen is that the Styrofoam peanuts will start moving through our society here , and they will accumulate in the drunkest , stingiest people .	2	Plural
excellence in glasgow	2	Singular
He had served three terms of three years out there ... Because triumphant health in the general rout of constitutions is a kind of power in itself .	13	Singular
It included three tracks cowritten with Rafferty 's brother Jim , also a singer - songwriter , who had been signed to Decca Records in the 1970s .	6	Singular
Blue Planet : Who 's afraid of Big Bad Wolf ?	0	Singular
My idea was to let that chain-gang get out of sight before I climbed the hill .	12	Singular
Long Lines , Silly Rules , Rude Staff , Ok Food	1	Plural
In some cases the result is because of understaffing , in some cases the staff just does n't care / know better .	12	Plural
The service is great and during weekends it tends to get busy , but the wait is worthwhile .	16	Singular
Yesterday , North Korea fired artillery rounds aimed at a loudspeaker in South Korea that broadcasts anti-Pyongyang propaganda into the North .	0	Singular
I 'm getting a 10 gallon for my betta tomorrow and I just want to know how to properly set it up .	8	Singular
After founders - Stanford graduate students Sergey Brin and Larry Page presented their project to an angel investor , they received a cheque made out to ' Google '	6	Singular
Working with a timer is generally regarded by most experts as being one of the best ways to develop self-discipline and stop procrastination .	19	Singular
Then the same thing with the other leg .	3	Singular
A plain black leotard and pink tights are usually a safe bet .	3	Singular
They assumed a value -- unspecified -- for non-commercial species , and in doing so rendered the warming news a bit less rosy .	0	Plural
I do n't remember near which station it is though .	7	Singular
If this interpretation required knowledge on Stillman 's part , then Quinn would accept this knowledge as an article of faith , at least for the time being .	8	Singular
She feeds well the baby on her own , the baby is ok but she does not go in the nest to stay with him at night ...	26	Singular
" THE PRESIDENT : I appreciate that .	4	Singular
could you also CC me the first few times you send it ?	11	Singular
Then the commercial ends .	3	Singular
As a result , research and development in genetic engineering is more expensive , discouraging investment and hampering innovation .	2	Singular
The continued Israeli colonization of the occupied Palestinian territories during the 1990s helped , along with terrorist attacks by radical groups such as Hamas , to derail the peace process , which Sharon had always opposed .	8	Plural
Finally , Atlantis will go on display at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex following the orbiter 's last flight which launches June 28 .	10	Singular
i want it b/c it is really small and cute .	2	Singular
It is far simpler , however , to achieve a trillion spore concentration in the production of a few grams than in industrial processing typical of a state sponsored lab .	29	Singular
The ISO board called an emergency meeting the next week demanding Winter explain his actions .	1	Singular
I called 3 times to talked to a manager , never a call back .	0	Singular
It was only months and months afterwards , when I made the attempt to recover what was left of the body , that I heard the original quarrel arose from a misunderstanding about some hens .	1	Singular
And who else is it but Sancho Panza , the faithful squire whom Don Quixote has chosen for exactly this purpose ?	7	Singular
They generate the humus soils across the landmasses of Earth .	3	Singular
I like to imagine the thought processes going on in W 's head if he were to actually read the letter , but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter .	31	Singular
Sharon 's assassination of major Hamas leaders has also weakened authority structures in that party .	6	Plural
There was lax control over the distribution of the Ames strain that was used , especially in light of the fact that transfers were not even required to be recorded prior to 1997 .	6	Singular
Working together with both Republicans and Democrats , we can get the good aspects of each party while rejecting the bad parts of both .	8	Plural
Mr. Crawford threw several punches at the assailant before he was stabbed in the heart .	10	Singular
Image : Jambula .	0	Singular
But Carney argues that , on the contrary , the rest of the British economy benefits from having a global financial center in its midst .	24	Singular
The equipment and classes are n't good enough to deal with the rudeness from the staff !!!	12	Singular
Furthermore , it has transpired that research in the ports in Belgium , Finland , but also in Japan has shown that 50 % of containers with partially dangerous cargo are not delivered correctly for shipment .	6	Singular
" There are several possible explanations for this .	5	Plural
What I criticise is the spirit underlying these amendments .	7	Plural
Mr. President , as a Nobel Peace Prize recipient and as one of the fathers of the modern peace process in Israel , do you still think that there is a future to the peace process ?	19	Singular
I should think the cause of progress got them , anyhow .	6	Singular
He smoked a cigarette , and then another , and then another .	3	Singular
The origin of the word Hispania is much disputed and the evidence for the various speculations are based merely upon what are at best mere resemblances , likely to be accidental , and suspect supporting evidence .	11	Singular
Each evening you will get a ' magazine ' called The Navigator which lists all of the activities for the next day .	13	Singular
What sort of Hotel could I expect to find in New Delhi / Agra / Varanasi for rs 500 per night ?	1	Singular
It 'll take you to all the major sites ( GG Bridge , Haight , Chinatown , etc ) and you can get off anyplace you want to spend more time at .	8	Plural
It is a cloth napkin kind of place , but I thought well worth it .	1	Singular
" That provision would enable Putin to try to coerce and manipulate Russian - speaking regions into vetoing the country 's European future .	2	Singular
This was simple prudence , white men being so much alike at a distance that he could not tell who I might be .	20	Singular
In the Beatles ' song " Get Back " they advise black Joe to " get back to where you once belonged " , as if England was not a place for black people .	33	Plural
The girl who stood before the tall desk was red-headed .	1	Singular
Ozone is something that we understand the causes of , and the steps that need to be taken to improve air quality . "	1	Singular
There is no passenger train service to Tulsa .	1	Singular
However the CBD is closed of to the public as a lot of it is still rubble and stuff and has n't been cleared away yet .	13	Singular
In April — before the Swift boat veterans had said a word — Kerry said Bush “ has yet to explain to America whether or not , and tell the truth , about whether he showed up for duty . ”	17	Singular
Would dinner Thursday work instead .	1	Singular
Infinity stereo , bucket seats , nerf bars , tool box , bed liner , camper tow package , 5 speed manual .	7	Plural
I have been a patient a NW hospital and it was great .	4	Singular
We also own two chickens that are kept in a run behind out garage / barn thing .	13	Singular
It belongs to a past .	1	Singular
Feather Type .	1	Singular
In a few words ... I 'm pleasantly surprised that you can still find " old school " service out there where company care more about good name and customers than their pockets ...	31	Plural
There were several pimples on her left cheek , obscured by a pimpish smear of pancake makeup , and a wad of chewing gum was crackling in her mouth .	27	Singular
The recent elections in Iraq were dominated by an amalgam of religiously fundamentalist Shi'ite organizations , principally the Dawa Party and the Supreme Council for Islamic Revolution in Iraq ( SCIRI ) .	18	Singular
In order to determine the appropriate level of oversight , government bodies would presumably conduct a science - based risk analysis .	10	Singular
When we adopt the Minutes for today 's sitting tomorrow , then any Members who think the positions have not been explained clearly enough may ask for amendments .	4	Plural
Use lots of it .	3	Singular
A sudden rain storm on Sunday night ( March 4 ) caused a mass exodus of people to head for the station prompting lines that backed up into the street .	29	Singular
Deco is still with Caoimhe .	1	Singular
30 - Length of time in months between Enron 's collapse and Lay ( whom the President called " Kenny Boy " ) still not being charged with a crime .	12	Singular
Fri. Sept. 22 - Stay in same hotel , visit Monaco , Nice ?	0	Singular
Time : 11:00 a.m. ( CDT )	5	Singular
The best thing you can do in Okinawa is to go to a beach .	2	Singular
I do know that most of the time this plant was not buring like it did in July and August of this year .	7	Singular
The only reason I 'm giving 3 stars instead of 1 or 2 , I should admit , nothing was broken .	3	Singular
I normally do n't write reviews but seeing that I considered Dillards a distinguished , upscale place to shop , this one wo n't be getting my business , nor my family 's , nor my co-workers .	26	Singular
Pacific Standard owner , Jonathan M. Stan , displays the Santorum cocktail drink as a finished product at the bar . ( 2012 ) .	16	Singular
Place it down so that its breast is carrying its weight and rests on the ground .	7	Singular
" The impact of global warming on fish stocks and fisheries is hard to judge , " the IPN report said .	5	Singular
Best Limo Limousine service in all of Dallas	3	Singular
I say , NO , I am at the RADISON WARWICK HOTEL in Rittenhouse Square .	11	Singular
Extensive drink list and daily specials but wish they had a bit more on their food menu , although popcorn is a nice touch !	11	Singular
The next meeting of the CAEM Board of Directors will be held on Wednesday , September 12 , at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington , DC .	20	Singular
It 's quite a large Canadian tournament , and so we went as the Gliders team .	15	Singular
I have never had any problems with loud neighbors or concerns about safety .	0	Singular
Once upon a time ( in 2001 , to be specific ) , the Coca - Cola corporation built a bottling plant in a small and remote Indian village in the state of Kerala .	33	Singular
My schedule shows an afternoon session .	2	Singular
The young man said , You are from Gala district .	2	Singular
Does she have any interest in meeting one - on - one or is she just looking for a public hanging ?	0	Singular
I will email names and email addresses ( or postal addresses ) of signers to NCRC4ME in time for their “ lobby day ” in Raleigh on March 15 .	22	Singular
A report by the Center for Disease Control of interviews with AMI employees ( as well as detailed interviews by author Leonard Cole ) supports the conclusion that there were not one , but two , such mailings containing anthrax .	24	Singular
If the key exists , Access checks for the existence of a value name that matches the name of the referenced file .	13	Singular
On my panel , Loretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers .	12	Singular
We have GIS ids , and Eid ( external id - just like GIS id ) .	9	Singular
I mean , is the problem national , say between Jews and Arabs ; or is it a matter of generations between an old age and a new age ?	15	Singular
The horse I had posted about a couple weeks ago with the atrophied cheek muscles is down to his last resort for life .	18	Singular
I saw this place and it looked like the HOLY GRAIL .	0	Singular
The reaction that the luminol and hydrogen peroxide creates does n't last long at all -- maybe a couple of minutes .	8	Singular
The plots of Shakespeare 's tragedies often hinge on such fatal errors or flaws , which overturn order and destroy the hero and those he loves .	7	Plural
Thus far , none of the many " human rights " busybodies across the world have bothered to even notice such a development .	22	Singular
And I think I remember , a bunch of guys called because of that also .	3	Singular
Their attempts to ingratiate themselves with India and other neutralist nations have gained them little .	4	Plural
In effect , the administration tried to make the IMF more interesting , particularly to encourage Republicans in the House of Representatives to support the reforms .	25	Plural
Hi Mary ,	1	Singular
As a preventive approach , designed to optimise the environmental performance of products , while maintaining their functional qualities , it provides genuine new opportunities for manufacturers , for consumers and for society as a whole .	21	Singular
I 've been fuming over this fact for a few weeks now , ever since some organizations and governments suggested we need to accept the fact that Hezbollah will get involved in running Lebanon .	20	Plural
David is amazing	1	Singular
Virtually every credible analysis has Syria standing as the strongest military force in the Middle East after Israel .	15	Singular
Decide volunteering is not your thing and give them back !	8	Plural
Had to go the the bus boy s station ourselves to get napkins .	9	Plural
Afshari , who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war , said that when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their education system , the Mujahedeen refused .	32	Singular
A mental clash gripped Herzl , between the craving for literary success and a desire to act as a public figure .	20	Singular
She is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out .	8	Singular
The first referendum is to be held from November 20 to December 11 , selecting a single new flag design out of about four finalists .	11	Singular
Special permission from Dumbledore so he could play for Gryffindor .	1	Singular
In the mean time , we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future costs .	27	Plural
It 's only $ 10 and in essence just one big petting zoo .	1	Singular
It is a time to learn what happened and how it may affect the future .	14	Singular
Huge amounts of money , which could have solved many social problems in this dysfunctional part of the world , are channeled into three concentric spheres supporting death and murder .	15	Singular
They made me feel confident in what they would do , and treated me like a member of their own family .	0	Plural
Old time grocery , best steaks I have ever had !	5	Plural
I try to say it every time as if it was the first time I said it .	16	Singular
Obviously because i want to vote .	2	Singular
A Bronze Age astronomical observatory was constructed there around 1900 BC and continuously served the nearby community that lived there until about 700 BC .	10	Singular
She was offered several scripts , television commercials , and stage projects , but none piqued her interest .	7	Plural
Most iodine in food comes from seafood , milk and iodised salt .	4	Singular
As the implications of the Andaman Islands situation sink in , Indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny .	2	Plural
When many people think about the engines driving that growth , they imagine commodities like oil , gold , and cocoa , or maybe industries like banking and telecommunications .	12	Plural
And , of course , China 's outsize backstop of $ 3.8 trillion in foreign - exchange reserves provides ample insurance in the event of intensified financial contagion .	12	Singular
( Karachi is in the south ) .	2	Singular
Everyone has the right to rest and leisure , including reasonable limitation of working hours and periodic holidays with pay .	7	Singular
Please let me know if you are interested in any of these games .	2	Singular
Tom Byargeon , Kevin Miller and Ken Loch in ENA are working with producers in the US involved in deep water offshore Louisiana / Texas oil and gas drilling projects .	1	Singular
That is a formula which allows broader harmonisation and respects the traditions and practices of the Member States .	13	Plural
" Calculation of Floating Amount : The Floating Amount payable by [ ENA ] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows :	16	Singular
Groom was Republican Red Blount 's scheduler , and in that job , she was the hub in the campaign wheel .	0	Singular
She dived under the table to retrieve the bowl and emerged with her face glowing like the setting sun .	18	Singular
THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to " breathe " .	15	Singular
The plots were thin , there was little development of character and they were loaded down by excessive sentiment , especially when compared to what she was writing concurrently in her diary .	10	Singular
The Silver Clouds installation were silver balloons blown up with helium , and those balloons filled one of the smaller rooms in the gallery .	20	Plural
You can specify the start and end values for the grouping range .	11	Singular
I felt weary and irritable . Hang Kurtz , I thought .	7	Singular
Newsweek reported that a " second wave " involving biological attacks had been thwarted upon the arrest of Al Qaeda members who had been intended to provide logistical support .	0	Singular
" They 're so lively , so childlike . "	1	Plural
The Caribbean Sea had been unknown to the populations of Eurasia until 1492 , when Christopher Columbus first sailed into Caribbean waters on a quest to find a sea route to Asia .	21	Plural
His direction to Eric Holder to enforce some laws and not others is another example .	0	Singular
In 2001 , according to Indian army officials , security forces launched a wide - ranging operation in the 300 - some inhabited islands neighboring Andaman and Nicobar , and found huge caches of arms .	16	Singular
A good thing !	2	Singular
Maybe even try to get your mom to hold it a bit .	11	Singular
Coming to stay , and overstay your three months visit will lead to immediate expulsion and a lifetime ban to immigrate to Canada - NOT GOOD .	17	Singular
Someone called to Vivien and they were drawn away from the dancers to a crowded table .	3	Singular
Inequality can corrupt and paralyze a country 's political system – and economic growth along with it .	9	Singular
I hope my proposal will be taken into consideration in tomorrow 's vote .	8	Singular
I am sending you a letter from their atty .	5	Singular
I hope that the whole House will endorse their constructive approach .	5	Singular
For example , the Weatherspoon Art Museum at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro saw attendance levels reach 11,000 visitors when it exhibited its Warhol collection in 2010 , according to curator Elaine Gustafon .	24	Singular
It is not known exactly when Shakespeare began writing , but contemporary allusions and records of performances show that several of his plays were on the London stage by 1592 .	16	Plural
Prices are reasonable , ( Kid s meals are around 4.99 ) and Wednesday's they have discount dinner prices , I believe .	14	Plural
In 2012 , there were an estimated 207 million cases of malaria , leading to some 627,000 deaths .	17	Plural
More and more tech companies are calling the shots more than ever before on Wall Street , even more than in Silicon Valley .	8	Plural
He was the person , he and his wife Jan , introduced -- reintroduced me and Laura in his backyard in July of 1977 .	1	Singular
To this day , about 10 or 12 of these World War II Japanese shipwrecks comprise what is considered one of the best dive sites in the world .	10	Singular
I heard the name of Kurtz pronounced , then the words , ' take advantage of this unfortunate accident . '	14	Singular
Tet made it clear that the war was a long way from being over if the Americans thought they could preserve the South and that the North was perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight .	27	Singular
She has also been charged with trying to kill her two - year - old daughter .	9	Singular
My answer is that we do n't to text speak here ... we type in English .	4	Plural
COMMUNICATION FROM THE COMMISSION TO THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND TO THE COUNCIL concerning the implementation and continuation of the Pericles programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting .	7	Singular
We plan to use the same basic form for the Enron guaranty that will be made in favor of EPMI with respect to the seller 's obligations under the PPA .	10	Singular
No pancreatitis or anything abnormal .	3	Singular
I need your help again .	0	Singular
not to mention the market is going to be flooded with enron folks .	4	Singular
" That is certainly the assumption on which the London market has been built and the line that successive governments have peddled .	5	Singular
( What about 40 al - Qaeda bases that had trained the 9/11 hijackers and other terrorists gunning for the United States ?? )	6	Singular
He stands alone in front of the audience and , ultimately , he has to bring out the best of himself in order to make the audience laugh .	22	Singular
To get away from the traffic snarl you could climb a nearby mountain and come down to a deserted beach , similar to the beach at Sdot Yam .	24	Singular
The Church of Scientology 's cruise ship Freewinds in Bonaire .	6	Singular
they will move if they get too warm - it 's not like a heat rock which you should avoid at all costs .	22	Plural
Four of these were under Clinton and 6 under Bush .	5	Singular
The authors say the results confirm the existence of inadequate iodine intake in the Australian population .	10	Singular
I have 24 hrs in San Francisco - what are the best sights to see in my short time ?	18	Singular
Someone left , and reappeared with another case of champagne .	7	Singular
La Comédie humaine reflects his real - life difficulties , and includes scenes from his own experience .	11	Singular
Fred and George climbed carefully through the window into Harry 's room .	11	Singular
Compositionally , this one is not my favorite , I would suggest trying a different crop because I do nt think cutting her off at the calf looks great .	2	Singular
$ 42,000 - Average savings members of Bush 's cabinet received in 2003 as a result of cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes .	7	Singular
City Hall Information Center ( Módulo de Información Turística Palacio Municipal ) Calle 62 between 61 and 63 ( inside the Palacio del Gobierno left of the main entrance ) , ☎ + 529999420000 x 80119 .	7	Singular
A simple formality assured me the secretary , with an air of taking an immense part in all my sorrows .	18	Singular
A Russian stamp for Paralympic Games in Sochi in 2014	2	Singular
The Pentagon did not even have a plan for dealing with Afghanistan or al - Qaeda that it could pull off the shelf , according to Bob Woodward .	11	Singular
In the developing world , too , the vast majority of people have started to experience sustained improvement in living standards and are rapidly developing similar growth expectations .	2	Singular
Manson ?	0	Singular
The transaction is F.O.B. Reserve Marine Terminal in Chicago , Ill Metro Area .	1	Singular
A UN review of national plans to cut carbon says they are well short of the levels needed to keep the rise in global temperatures under 2C .	21	Singular
em ... no ... the Gates foundation mainly invests in medical research and education , that means donating now adds a tremendous value compared to donating in ten years .	28	Plural
This town is comprised of a large residential community that includes Fort Lee natives , transplants from New York , and immigrants , especially from Korea .	17	Singular
The media routinely obscures the lines between terrorism and legitimate resistance , as the recent article by Daniel Okrent of The New York Times demonstrates .	21	Singular
You did n't leave her with Ras ?	6	Singular
Delays in the CEN 's work are now making it difficult to apply this very Directive .	0	Plural
The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .	26	Singular
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand , i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube .	18	Singular
A full substantiation of creditors to internal ( contract commitments ) or external documentation ( invoices / request for payment )	9	Plural
Lunar landers and other gear needed for extended visits to the moon will be lofted by gargantuan launchers as big as the Apollo - era Saturn 5 , the most powerful rockets ever flown .	4	Singular
Fantastic couple of days .	3	Plural
Mix .2 grams of luminol , 4 grams of sodium carbonate , .4 grams of copper sulfate , .5 grams of ammonium carbonate and 1 liter ( 0.3 US gal ) of distilled water in a second bowl .	15	Singular
The epitaph carved into the stone slab covering his grave includes a curse against moving his bones , which was carefully avoided during restoration of the church in 2008 .	11	Singular
For this reason , the initiative of the Commission is worthy of our congratulations .	1	Singular
Compositionally , this one is not my favorite , I would suggest trying a different crop because I do nt think cutting her off at the calf looks great .	27	Singular
Wilkins explained Warhol 's obsession with celebrities began when he first collected head shots as a kid and continued as a passion throughout his life .	0	Singular
We got into talk , and by-and-by we strolled away from the hissing ruins . Then he asked me to his room , which was in the main building of the station .	3	Singular
1576 Boi taken prisoner , but wins his freedom playing chess .	3	Singular
While we should be proud of our accomplishment , we now must turn to the task of getting our testimony ready by May 5 deadline .?	9	Plural
Key EU programmes between 1989 , 1993 , 1994 and 1999 have certainly helped to improve the economic competitiveness of peripheral countries and Objective 1 regions within Europe .	23	Singular
She waggled her fingers , sticky from the marshmallow , and her husband took his handkerchief from his pocket and gave it to her .	23	Singular
In late September 2001 , it was announced that the President was seeking a blanket waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in connection with pursuing the militant islamists .	20	Plural
After looking at the menu and seeing the new menu items they had , we knew we were in for a treat !	9	Singular
Tronicus :	0	Singular
My experience was amazing at Providence Aesthetics and Medical Spa .	8	Singular
Last year she came up to me during one of the games late in the season ; she was so happy we were going to the post season .	21	Plural
I have a 3 week old baby budgie and I noticed that his / her mother does not stay with him in the nest at night .	9	Singular
Tom Byargeon , Kevin Miller and Ken Loch in ENA are working with producers in the US involved in deep water offshore Louisiana / Texas oil and gas drilling projects .	20	Singular
Good job , Lake Forest Tots !	5	Plural
In the 21st century this book is still used as one of the basic texts in modern Structural linguistics .	4	Singular
Tourist Information ( Turismo Mérida ) , email : turismo@merida.gob.mx .	4	Singular
If the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this leaves a lot to be desired !	2	Plural
I suggest a " blind draw " on the teams , best ball not scramble on the golf , and as for the wager , no emails from the losing team for one week !	9	Plural
i think it could have been done in a much more cost efficient way , right here on bad - old - planet - earth .	0	Singular
i could n't be more happier with the way my garage looks .	9	Singular
37 - Death toll of US soldiers in Iraq in May 2003 , the month combat operations " officially " ended .	3	Singular
using the metro or the air france bus	2	Singular
It follows a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for Iraq 's police and army instead went to al - Qaeda .	14	Plural
We should allocate a piece to Global which would solve the problem of other Cargill people using the line , putting us over the limit , without me knowing ...	11	Singular
Criminal Attorney Dallas	1	Singular
I can see how you get confused though . :)	0	Singular
We look forward to what the Commission has to say but I would sound a note of warning .	0	Plural
According to Professor S D Muni , South Asia expert at the Jawaharal Nehru University , the two - year peace talks between Colombo and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) are stalemated .	14	Singular
The reality is that it stands for and operationalizes US power , in cooperation with America 's closest allies .	8	Singular
The reality is that IP protection is an economic engine that developing - country citizens should not have to forego .	11	Singular
These works were written under the name of William Wilson , and he produced them at the rate of about one a year , which brought in enough money for him to live modestly in a small New York apartment .	17	Singular
I am doing a project and need to know what kind food Argentina people eat for breakfast , lunch , and dinner .	16	Singular
Ash - Sharq al - Awsat reports that Fallujah was closed Tuesday in a general strike .	11	Singular
