The video cable was replaced and suddenly the motherboard was dead .	0	Definite
Quinn fastened the loop at the end of the string around his middle finger , stood up , and gave it a try .	21	Indefinite
The gods represented distinctly the practical needs of daily life , and they were scrupulously accorded the rites and offerings considered proper .	16	Definite
Likely the most well - known person from the Copper Age is Ötzi , the frozen mummy who lived during 3300 BC .	14	Definite
My vet told me when a dog is vomiting a lot , it could be a sign of obstruction .	5	Indefinite
Your best bet would just be a swiffer duster -- they do n't require cleaner .	6	Indefinite
A tourist visa card ( visa de tarjeta del turista ) is necessary for travelers from most nations .	0	Indefinite
We have never had a problem with the cabins .	4	Indefinite
You will also have the experience of learning the bella Sicilian culture , that I have fallen in luv with .	8	Definite
They spent a lot of time with me and got me into a great pair of shoes .	2	Indefinite
The latest spot for a real Hackney 's is Printers ' Row :	0	Definite
At that time , the gurus and geniuses of Wall Street were predicting a 250 Dow and many were talking openly about the end of capitalism .	4	Definite
As the car rattled through the park toward the West Side , Quinn looked out the window and wondered if these were the same trees that Peter Stillman saw when he walked out into the air and the light .	8	Definite
In any event , my presentation should give you a starting point .	9	Indefinite
Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest .	7	Definite
I have a change in plans next week .	2	Indefinite
She asked me to bring the original piece back and I told her I had to use it on the job .	5	Definite
This is all in accordance with the principles that we have always upheld .	6	Definite
Email or text your friends the language so that they wo n't be so confused .	5	Definite
She opened the door for Quinn .	2	Definite
Can anyone give me an idea of when the best time for us to go to Ireland would be ?	4	Indefinite
Travelling on your own you would have to pay double as cabins are sold on the basis of double occupancy .	15	Definite
Dance to the elevator music .	2	Definite
USI was not alone in receiving a donation .	6	Indefinite
I feel like shit for saying that but after what they have done already i wo nt be buying grocerys for the next few weeks .	21	Definite
In addition , LTTE activity in the Andaman Sea is well known to local observers .	6	Definite
You could move all the babies into a fry net breeder or move all of the bigger fish ( also the parents ) to a different tank to avoid the babies getting eaten .	24	Indefinite
Anyway , it 's no big deal . It 's just a book .	11	Indefinite
Anyway , I 'm sure I 'd mentioned it before but yes she is a very smart girl .	14	Indefinite
South Korea 's success over the last five decades owes much to the rapid growth of its well - educated labor force .	12	Definite
and yet , as if by conscious design , he kept to a narrowly circumscribed area , bounded on the north by Riverside Park , and on the east by Amsterdam Avenue .	12	Indefinite
put the heater on the snake he will love it and the the next day you will have dinner	12	Definite
Take ten minutes and remove all distractions - your phone , magazines , or thoughts of your attractive love - and go into a working frenzy .	23	Indefinite
85 - Percentage of Indonesians who had an unfavourable image of the United States in 2003 .	7	Indefinite
The attached documents include the GA II Settlement proposal , an Attachment ( a copy of PG&E 's proposed Gas Rule 27 ) , and a set of supporting workpapers .	0	Definite
We will fight with them about who owes the $ 200 k that James mentions below based on their failure to " assist " us in managing the cost .	8	Definite
This consolidation is obviously a result of Bush 's aggressive invasion of Iraq and of the botching of the aftermath .	15	Definite
One expects a bump from the booming real estate market and increasing federal expenditures .	5	Definite
You could also keep adjusting your shirt or your hair , keeping a running dialogue about what look is best for you .	12	Indefinite
40,000 - Number of soldiers in Iraq seven months after start of the war still without Interceptor vests , designed to stop a round from an AK - 47 .	22	Indefinite
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to own property alone as well as in association with others .	5	Definite
In order to form a callous and prevent rot , cure the cuttings by sitting the pad upright in a dry , dark place for 10 to 14 days .	4	Indefinite
According to Wilkins , Warhol was able to reproduce the Polaroid photograph and create an enlargement of it , which he then could use to commit the image to the silk screen medium by applying paint or manipulating them further .	9	Definite
The award comes with a $ 3,500 ( U.S. ) grant .	4	Indefinite
Joseph Schenck was interested in casting his wife , Norma Talmadge , opposite Valentino in a version of Romeo and Juliet .	15	Indefinite
I have also tried monthly data and the results are the same .	7	Definite
He has the family look the brown eyes , arched brows , dark coloring , and white hair .	2	Definite
The logic is that ( nearly ) all Wave 4 respondents appeared in the Wave 1 sample , but not all would have been interviewed at Wave 3 due to differential patterns of temporary attrition .	0	Definite
It s simply not just a case of avoiding pork , alcohol and only being allowed to eat halal prepared meat , but the kitchen and its utensils should not have been used for prohibited foods .	23	Definite
Strain out the Skittles using a filter , such as a paper coffee filter or a clean t-shirt .	5	Indefinite
China 's export - led growth miracle would not have started in the 1980 ' s without the American consumer .	17	Definite
turn the modem off and see if the sound is still there ... could be static on the line ... if the sound is still there with the modem off then the problem is NOT the DSL ....	27	Definite
5 Masjed-e Jāmé of Isfahan , north of Naqsh-e Jahan Square in the old quarter .	12	Definite
My opinion piece on the implications of Arafat 's passing for al - Qaeda has appeared at Newsday .	4	Definite
However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .	3	Indefinite
It turned aside for the bowlders , and also for an undersized railway-truck lying there on its back with its wheels in the air .	4	Definite
Critics of Scientology at the Internet newsgroup alt.religion.scientology were critical of the attacks to the Church of Scientology website , with one poster writing " How can people look at both sides if one side is gone ? "	14	Definite
If the correct legal name is not in Global Counterparty , the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on it seriously compromising the contract itself .	11	Definite
Furthermore , the Vestry voted unanimously to invite the support of members of the CHS congregation for the Declaration .	17	Definite
The air was dark above Gravesend , and farther back still seemed condensed into a mournful gloom , brooding motionless over the biggest , and the greatest , town on earth .	14	Indefinite
According to a couple sources , the world record for the oldest cat was a cat in Devon , England who reportedly live to the age of 36 .	2	Indefinite
He asked for a different pair instead and they only gave him five dollars off ??	3	Indefinite
A mental clash gripped Herzl , between the craving for literary success and a desire to act as a public figure .	7	Definite
" A few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear 's paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling . "	25	Definite
My father put his hand on top of my hair , his palm on my head , and I could feel the bone of my skull and my skin and his hot palm , so dry and strong .	21	Definite
Not long ago he was divorced from the actress , Gloria Holden , but carried the torch after the marital rift .	18	Definite
The fact that Stillman took this scavenging seriously intrigued Quinn , but he could do no more than observe , write down what he saw in the red notebook , hover stupidly on the surface of things .	0	Definite
I want to save up for a canon t3i , around 750 - 800 + :(	6	Indefinite
And by 2007 , at the height of its popularity ( and , perhaps , Knightley 's ) it was a top 50 name , with three times more babies named Keira than Kiera .	5	Definite
But the bigger problem is that Ukraine does not really need a massive loan from the IMF .	11	Indefinite
Your passport needs to be valid at least six months past the end of your planned return .	11	Definite
My family is calling for your urgent assistance in funding the removal of the President of the Republic of Iraq and acquiring the petroleum assets of his country , as compensation for the costs of removing him from power .	13	Definite
He has a full youthful clever face ; a black beard , small and tidy .	2	Indefinite
53 - Percentage of Canadian young adults who do n't know the population of the United States .	14	Definite
While I left a you a phone message with some information about our project , I thought I could give you some additional details by e-mail as well ...	5	Indefinite
I was not happy with the way they looked , very wavy , uneven edges , and with the exception of 1 , there is a dip in the center of each nail .	28	Definite
Nor did she realize that he wrote popular literature which aimed to please the general public and in no way wished to be associated with serious literature .	13	Definite
Jimmy Plant , Blogshares is a fantasy blogosphere trading game with pretend money .	5	Indefinite
No more than a general impression – even though he was there , looking at those things with his own eyes .	3	Indefinite
The finals saw US team Cloud9 and Immortals , from Brazil , face off in Counter-Strike : Global Offensive .	0	Definite
We inherit our mode of appreciation from the Victorians , from a time of safety and leisure , when dinner guests knew better than to smoke after the main course , when Levantines were Levantines and culture was still culture .	7	Definite
When a chart contains multiple series or category fields , the fields that are closest to the data are referred to as inner fields .	1	Indefinite
Off season is good , however , the Disney cruises are almost ALWAYS completely booked .	7	Definite
When you open an Access file , if Access does n't find a referenced file in the specified location , it searches for the reference as follows .	23	Definite
I took the receipt and the metal that did not fit and asked Pomper for my money back .	5	Definite
This a very popular place for locals to picnic on Friday and holiday evenings .	1	Indefinite
the first part ( of four ) covers a span of six years , while the final two sections focus on just three days .	0	Definite
But let me know if I can spend a day , morning , or even just an afternoon down there with you whenever it is a good time .	8	Indefinite
The crop dusters were to be part of a " second wave . "	0	Definite
The boy gasped , but then the yoyo stopped , dangling at the end of the line .	0	Definite
Many neo-pagan religions , such as Wicca , use aspects of ancient Greek religions in their practice ; Hellenic polytheism instead focuses exclusively on the ancient religions , as far as the fragmentary nature of the surviving source material allows .	24	Definite
The voice of the surf heard now and then was a positive pleasure , like the speech of a brother .	0	Definite
A suit against the New York Times and columnist Nicholas Kristof was dismissed in late November 2004 .	3	Definite
The city suffered minor damage during WWII , and suffered extensive urban planning in the decades that followed , as the nation rapidly industrialized and urbanized .	14	Definite
Guerrillas killed an engineer , Asi Ali , from Tikrit .	2	Indefinite
And her last name , Nguyen is a typical Vietnamese family name ... anyone ?	7	Indefinite
Simultaneously , New Delhi would ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert Kashmir into a second Afghanistan .	6	Indefinite
They each grabbed a copy of Break with a Banshee , and sneaked up the line to where the rest of the Weasleys were standing with Mr and Mrs Granger .	14	Definite
If al - Qaeda can kill Musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by Islamist junior officers , they can hope to catapult the MMA to power as political allies and hosts .	24	Definite
One of the people assassinated very recently in Sri Lanka was Mr Kumar Ponnambalam , who had visited the European Parliament just a few months ago .	18	Definite
Its struggle against the Ottoman Empire in the Mediterranean Sea put serious limits on the military power it could deploy against the rebels in the Netherlands .	3	Definite
In the foreground , facing the magazine rack , a young student stood with an open magazine in his hands , staring at a picture of a naked woman .	9	Indefinite
Nobody should feel a looser in Afghanistan , ’’ President Hamid Karzai told Pakistan ’s English daily The Nation .	3	Indefinite
Do I need to cross reference the deals in my model to the deals in the system or did you already do that ?	6	Definite
By boosting productivity , increasing returns on investment , and facilitating technological adaption and innovation , South Korea 's abundance of well - educated workers has served as the foundation for its export - oriented development strategy .	28	Definite
Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest .	4	Indefinite
An old wooden street sign hanging over a shop selling poisonous candles told him he was in Knockturn Alley .	7	Indefinite
In China the hair is typically put in a chemical bath to remove the cuticle completely , Tarlo explains .	13	Definite
If you move the line to the right , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line to the right remains constant , and the perpendicular line to the left of the moving line lengthens .	21	Definite
Youth would be an ideal state if it came a little later in life .	3	Indefinite
The Jihad " soldiers " join packaged death tours to Iraq and other hotspots , while some of their leaders ski in Switzerland .	0	Definite
it s great to know you can get great service , great product , and for the best price all in one !	16	Definite
It is a question of appropriateness and of review .	2	Indefinite
Make sure the trailer service you use is bonded / insured and knows something about first aid .	2	Definite
As a final point I emphasize that the existing positive actions must be kept in place .	7	Definite
Article 13 ( 3 ) of the Pericles Decision provides that the Commission shall send to the European Parliament and the Council , by 30 June 2005 :	11	Definite
The Pericles programme is playing a significant role in achieving the present results in the protection of the euro and the fight against the crime of counterfeiting , through the exchange of information and the development of cooperation .	17	Definite
And the exterminator is very nice , also .	1	Definite
I hope you do n't mind , but I 've taken liberty to turn them into a web photo album at http://24.27.98.30/pictures/08-05_Garrett_Gayle_Bday .	16	Indefinite
It was here they stole a small canoe left by the Australian Aborigines of the region .	14	Definite
Outsourcing these responsibilities would be a wise alternative , considering the accomplishments of the private sector regarding the space elevator .	17	Definite
It was like walking into a furnace : nearly everything in Ron 's room seemed to be a violent shade of orange : the bedspread , the walls , even the ceiling .	17	Indefinite
" It 's a very , very desperate situation , " Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco said .	3	Indefinite
In other words , those Americans were there by their own choice , mired in a situation that was totally predictable .	15	Indefinite
As an overview , this proposal : * Maintains the basic Gas Accord structure in place today for the period 2003 to 2007 . *	1	Indefinite
The people abandoned their farms and religious sites and the ground they stood on became moorland .	9	Definite
Edwards is a strong supporter of Israel , and believes that the U.S. has a vital role in promoting peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians . "	2	Indefinite
She nodded , blushing to the roots of her flaming hair , and put her elbow in the butter dish .	5	Definite
He is already demanding claims that Israel said no to not only the world , but to Arafat himself .	12	Definite
Bill over at The Fourth Rail has an excellent essay on how the MSM and the UN , even the leftist countries in Europe , are basically accepting terrorist organizations as legitimate forms of a political party :	19	Definite
I look , I see the round bottle is red wine inside ...	5	Definite
However , the bound field will show the custom group hierarchy in the drop-down list , so you can filter data by selecting custom groups or individual values .	2	Definite
The Commission said it had no legal grounds for such an exclusion .	10	Indefinite
" To arrive at the truth " , he wrote in the preface to Le Lys dans La Vallée , " writers use whatever literary device seems capable of giving the greatest intensity of life to their characters .	17	Definite
He was referred to me by a friend , who did n't have the best experience with Ted , but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end .	34	Definite
The United States goes into a war zone and evacuates a bunch of U.S. citizens ( most of whom were " dual - citizens " ) .	5	Indefinite
What better portrait of a writer than to show a man who has been bewitched by books ?	4	Indefinite
And indeed nothing is easier for a man who has , as the phrase goes , followed the sea with reverence and affection , than to evoke the great spirit of the past upon the lower reaches of the Thames .	12	Definite
I purchased a nissan from this dealship .	2	Indefinite
With Bush , the aggressive militarism of the Bush administration , as predicted , induced Russia to extend further its offensive military capacity ; it ’s still going on right now .	7	Definite
I will have to leave downtown at about 945 to catch a plane .	11	Indefinite
The letter was never acknowledged .	0	Definite
To save money Robert McNamara ordered that the ammunition for the new M - 16s being sent to SEA in the early 60s use an older ( dirtier ) type of gunpowder meant for use with the M - 14 .	7	Definite
i have talked to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say it s a routine thing when entering another country .	9	Indefinite
okay so i live in San Rafael Ca like by the mi pueble and the Home Depot .. what are fun things to do around there ?	14	Definite
The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats .	0	Definite
For example , when you move a Product field to the filter area , you can display data for one product at a time .	6	Indefinite
Simply force yourself to use the next 120 seconds to be productive and do the duty you normally would push off for hours or days . [ 1 ] .	14	Definite
The lighting was not the best , but the pics turned out ok in my opinion .	0	Definite
Now , the mother then can go and reproduce , but what a terrible price to pay for the accumulation of this pollutant in these animals - the death of the first - born calf .	2	Definite
As a result , China will no longer be inclined to lend its capital to the US .	15	Definite
I ended up going to the Centre for Social Evolution at the University of Copenhagen where I did a project on learning in Ants under supervision of Prof. Patrizia d'Ettorre .	11	Definite
She was wearing a flowered apron with a wand sticking out of the pocket .	7	Indefinite
October is National Magic Month in the United States .	6	Definite
In Pluviose year III ( January - February 1794 ) , easing off the pressure of the Reign of Terror , he took various measures to liberate the suspects .	13	Definite
Or how about visiting the Chicago Botanical Gardens and see the change of colors and enjoy the air , They also have many inside exhibits you might enjoy , food is pretty good to .	4	Definite
Circumstances have changed in some respects , while in others they have remained the same .	13	Definite
" But the bottom line is that the ideas protected by IP rights are the dynamo of growth for developed and developing countries alike .	14	Definite
And that s my reason why you should choose a parakeet over a finch .	9	Indefinite
As stated , the decision is the prerogative of the ECB and would appear inappropriate for the Bank to speak on its behalf by excluding the possibility of looking at other alternatives .	25	Definite
When you move a field to the data area , the values from the field are used as the data that is measured in the chart .	24	Definite
We envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order , filing , etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information .	2	Indefinite
China is seeking the construction of a pipeline from Iran to the Caspian Sea , where it would link with another planned pipeline running from Kazakhstan to China .	11	Definite
Harry , trying to say Shh ! and look comforting at the same time , ushered Dobby back onto the bed where he sat hiccoughing , looking like a large and very ugly doll .	11	Definite
When you press the button to stop recording the data is moved from the buffer to the memory card - no pause .	16	Definite
She flicked her wand casually at the washing-up in the sink , which began to clean itself , clinking gently in the background .	6	Definite
I do n't know about birding in that part of the world but you might possibly find help at this site : http://www.wildlifeofpakistan.com/PakistanBirdClub/index.html	10	Definite
I have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35 % more light / heat and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well - being of him .	28	Definite
He took a pinch of glittering powder out of the flowerpot , stepped up to the fire , and threw the powder into the flames .	20	Definite
Rules for moving an interior vertical line	3	Indefinite
A very good friend of mine highly recommended the Professional Driving School and I was told to specifically ask for Gerry .	0	Indefinite
Olivia went in to change the record and because it was , unexpectedly , Mozart – the harp and Mute concerto – he lit a cigar to smoke while he enjoyed it .	16	Definite
The programme has also contributed to the activities of 50000 creative or performing artists and other specialists in the cultural sector .	6	Definite
To the left a clump of trees made a shady spot , where dark things seemed to stir feebly .	8	Indefinite
A small number of actions geared on the protection against currency counterfeiting are carried out under other Community programmes , such as TAIEX and Twinning .	0	Indefinite
Does 5 make a chain ?	3	Indefinite
One way to personalize a joke is to change the ending . [ 5 ]	4	Indefinite
They were conquerors , and for that you want only brute force – nothing to boast of , when you have it , since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others .	28	Indefinite
Sand Hill park was a great beach ...	4	Indefinite
After calling the Scientology organization by phone to attempt to speak with his mother , Montalvo was instead put through to a Scientology attorney , Kendrick Moxon .	21	Indefinite
She was an anthropologist , and Bray accepted this as an explanation for her passion for arranging excursions , on which she carried her baby tied on her back , African style .	10	Indefinite
One of the most famous plants is the dragon 's blood tree “ dracaena cinnabara ” which exists only on Socotra and nowhere else on the Earth .	2	Definite
Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and beat together ( by hand or with an electric hand-held mixer ) .	1	Definite
At the front door of his office , I nearly turned around .	1	Definite
At some point or another , most people realize that the world does n't revolve around them .	10	Definite
So hear we are , two weeks later , after that dazzling PR display two weeks ago by Powell and Annan , and the situation on the ground in Darfur appears basically unchanged .	26	Definite
Also , in the 7th line of the reps add the word " into " after the word " entered " and before the word " this " .	16	Definite
And other parts of the economy that provide services to the financial sector – Porsche dealers and strip clubs , for example – will be similarly encouraged .	4	Definite
I 'll choose the one that sounds the best after looking into all the fish :)	7	Definite
In the past , he has talked in apocalyptic terms about a violent end to the world , according to former members .	1	Definite
We even arrived 10 minutes early as the website suggests .	7	Definite
I do know that this will change the face of America .	7	Definite
The two screamed to frighten the bear and warn their friends in a tent several metres away but the bear ripped into that tent and began mauling 31 - year - old Alain Parenteau .	12	Indefinite
The young were mostly dead , and the old men had been taken away , they told us , to learn important new things and to come back when they were ready to contribute fully .	7	Definite
President Obama has an agenda that represents the far left wing of his party .	3	Indefinite
1 . The pricing that we have given CRRA is specific to FuelCell Energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer ( i.e. , ONSI would be a lot more money ) .	2	Definite
Nobody can claim that the interference of Afghanistan ’s neighbours is over , but the elections will do much to strengthen Karzai and deal more firmly with neighbours ’ interference .	4	Definite
A nigger was being beaten near by .	0	Indefinite
I was a waitress for years and a key rule is to serve customers with small children before others , as I was the last to get my food .	23	Definite
Quinn had not worn a tie since the funerals of his wife and son , and he could not even remember if he still owned one .	7	Definite
I faxed you the promotional on 10300 Heritage Office Building with the Nimitz post office .	11	Definite
Right now that seems to be the US , EU , and IAEA .	6	Definite
After exposing the ants to the fungus , we took pictures of each foraging arena three times per day , and counted how many ants were present on each food-source .	5	Definite
Here is the link to the latest commercial laptops on the market , I will follow up with the consumer models .	10	Definite
While the impact of a translation may be close to the original , there can be no identity in detail .	1	Definite
The decision was made by ISO upper management with one goal in mind : to keep the lights on .	16	Definite
This is the ARES group that handles returned samples ( Moon Rocks , Genesis chips , Meteorites , and Interplanetary Dust Particles collected by U2 in the stratosphere ) .	2	Definite
There was a silence broken only by the chink of knives and forks from downstairs and the distant rumble of Uncle Vernon 's voice .	7	Definite
Harry told them all about Dobby , the warning he 'd given Harry and the fiasco of the violet pudding .	14	Definite
Contributions at the Pericles actions are ensured by the ECB , the Commission , Europol and , in some cases , Eurojust , Interpol and the US Secret Service .	2	Definite
Nonpartisan Paul Tse and Wong Kwok-kin of the FTU were successfully re-elected .	7	Definite
The first phase , she said , will demonstrate the capability of a multi-compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when the two fliers return to Earth .	0	Definite
Amused , my wife asks why I ordered the kosher lunch .	8	Definite
The tank should have a hide space big enough for one fish , or a few of them , but at least 1 cave big enough for two fish to fit in .	14	Indefinite
It 's uncompleted though , because the word is part of the term ' aviation '	6	Definite
If you also specify the end value as 31-Dec-1999 , the following groups will be created :	10	Definite
There was no ceiling and he looked up into the pattern of a spider 's web made by the supporting beams of the roof .	18	Definite
But succintly making point after succint point , the text of the letter stands on its own merit , regardless .	11	Definite
Give yourself the gift of visiting Winterowd Fine Art !	2	Definite
I have a male and female cockatiel , and there are 2 eggs in the bottom of the cage , will they hatch ?	2	Indefinite
All arguments that the Bush administration would be insane to attack Iran and risk a global conflagration for the sake of political cover run into one unavoidable truth .	3	Definite
Meanwhile , a decision 's been reached in the trial of Toledo priest Gerald Robinson .	8	Definite
L'Enfant was promoted by brevet to Major in the Corps of Engineers on May 2 , 1783 , in recognition of his service to the cause of American liberty .	24	Definite
See the http://officeupdate.microsoft.com/ , Microsoft Developer Network Web site for more information on TSQL .	1	Definite
An example would be ' ant ' for and or ' es ' or even ' loo ' for the word ' and ' .	0	Indefinite
The deeper problem lies with the excessive financialization of the global economy that has occurred since the 1990 ' s .	5	Definite
Consequently , I feel we must look to the future and establish guidelines for the mid - term review in 2003 , and thus have an influence on the second phase of programming set to follow 2003 .	14	Definite
There was silence and then he heard that there were voices in the silence droning somewhere , breaking off for breath , laughing – not softly , but softened by being almost out of earshot .	12	Definite
We order take out from here all the time and we are never disappointed .	7	Definite
In the airport , follow the signs that say " Paris by train " .	5	Definite
Moonlight was shining through the bars on the window .	4	Definite
I ran across this item on the Internet .	6	Definite
Brought my wife Deb with me and she like the Fried Crab Wontons and said they were good ..	9	Definite
Using a connection file without creating a link	6	Indefinite
Both bathrooms look like they were flooded and the wood cabinets are thrashed at the bottom and they slapped some pieces of wood over to try to cover it up .	8	Definite
The subject of all this talk is , ultimately , survival the survival of the decent society created in Israel within a few decades .	21	Indefinite
St Anne a very nice but also very touristy city and beach ( maybe the tourists primary area of Guadeloupe ) .	14	Definite
the risk of losing business is far greater than the risk of a counterparty trying to get their premium back .	9	Definite
Dobby will have to shut his ears in the oven door for this .	8	Definite
Furthermore , before and after the implementation of the intervention , we performed a D2 Test of attention that measures selective and sustained attention , as well as visual scanning accuracy and speed .	13	Indefinite
Kapor used to be a teacher of Transcendental Meditation of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi .	4	Indefinite
We will finalize the message points on tomorrow 's daily call ( 10 AM CST ) .	3	Definite
And then when you do it in an asymptotic way is like you do n't look at the small details .	7	Indefinite
I 'm willing to give it a shot .	6	Indefinite
It can be purchased at the Airport in Cuba on arrival , however it should be noted that many airlines will require a valid tourist visa card before boarding flights .	22	Indefinite
Wish they could see famous Harry Potter now , he thought savagely , as he spread manure on the flower beds , his back aching , sweat running down his face .	18	Definite
Rusted , torn corners in the stalls , unhealthy air , straight load instead of slant load can all make travelling hard , if not downright dangerous , on your horse .	5	Definite
What you do know is that there is one fact of Jewish life unchanged by the creation of a Jewish state : you can not take your right to live for granted .	18	Indefinite
The ship lay unloaded and demurrage fees mounted in brief , a holdup by local racketeers .	11	Indefinite
The light from the door made the shadows under the bleachers darker , the long space stretched far away .	0	Definite
WASHINGTON , DC – The International Monetary Fund is an immensely useful organization , able to deliver substantial amounts of financial and technical assistance at short notice to almost any place in the world .	32	Definite
As a boy he had spent many hours under the night sky trying to tally the clusters of pinprick lights with the shapes of bears , bulls , archers , and water carriers .	21	Definite
If you are not the intended recipient , you must not read , use or disseminate the information .	4	Definite
To provide information on the analytical sample as a whole , two additional demographic variables are included .	8	Indefinite
It emerged from the hearing that the sulphur content , in particular , of both petrol and diesel could be much lower .	6	Definite
Know this well because I remember an ' irish ' pub in the town in canada i grew up in used to advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town , but they served them in american sized pints .	6	Indefinite
The next day an angry Musharraf categorically said that Pakistan would not send Pakistani troops to Iraq , a clear snub to the Americans .	22	Definite
Lord Halifax , the Lord President of the Council , visited Germany privately in November and met Hitler and other German officials .	3	Definite
Posada 's crimes , on the other hand , must seem like ancient history , especially to a people who do n't know their history .	5	Definite
They could n't use real Quidditch balls , which would have been hard to explain if they had escaped and flown away over the village ; instead they threw apples for each other to catch .	23	Definite
It looks like the 2 - day L/C issue is an issue .	10	Indefinite
Most important , despite the Russian army massed against us , we are embarking on an election campaign .	15	Indefinite
We got into talk , and by-and-by we strolled away from the hissing ruins . Then he asked me to his room , which was in the main building of the station .	26	Definite
Senator Patrick Leahy at a Congressional hearing in the Spring of 2002 noted that the FBI had collected the Ames strain from 20 sources .	14	Definite
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID .	19	Definite
The contaminants not only attack the undeveloped lungs of the little ones ; they can also lead to long - term impairment in the development of the adolescent brain .	5	Definite
In 1760 the elder Balzac set off for Paris with only a louis coin in his pocket , determined to improve his social standing ;	11	Indefinite
Go onto the UCAS website , go onto course search and search for the courses you want to do .	2	Definite
The Dursleys liked everything neat and ordered ; the Weasleys house burst with the strange and unexpected .	13	Definite
On South Andaman , the most heavily populated island , is Port Blair , which is the capital and the only large town in the entire archipelago .	16	Definite
The outfit he had chosen , khaki pants and a blue button-down shirt -- no tie -- lay neatly folded on the bed .	9	Indefinite
Because he spent no more than five or six months on a novel , for the rest of the year he was free to do as he wished .	11	Indefinite
750,000 - Tons of toxic waste the US military , the world 's biggest polluter , generates around the world each year .	6	Definite
Dengue fever is a leading cause of illness and death in the tropics and subtropics , with as many as 100 million people infected each year .	3	Indefinite
....... the rest was history !	1	Definite
The report is also imprudent in introducing issues not included in the mandate given by the Conference of Presidents .	0	Definite
If you need more , there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts ( we heard about it in Amsterdam ) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets .	14	Indefinite
Using the Save As command on the File menu will save a data access page that is similar in appearance and functionality to the original report .	11	Indefinite
The secretary general of CEI ( Italian Episcopal Conference ) , Nunzio Galantino , has called the sentence " dangerous " ( ( it ) ) and " ideological " ( ( it ) ) :	16	Definite
Ask a travel agent !	1	Indefinite
But drug patents and prices are not the main – or even a major – obstacle to patients ' access to medical care in India .	7	Definite
Colorful lantern scenes not only fill the central square but also the surrounding 2 km circumference of the memorial .	11	Definite
No doubt he was ; but he had been a couple of years already out there engaged in the noble cause , you know , and he probably felt the need at last of asserting his self-respect in some way .	18	Definite
the following day his new son - in - law , Thomas Quiney was found guilty of fathering an illegitimate son by Margaret Wheeler , who had died during childbirth .	0	Definite
This was too important a conversation to leave to the phone .	9	Definite
San Francisco was settled in the 19th and 20th century by mainly European immigrants except for some Asian workers who were manual laborers .	5	Definite
Historically important and economically crucial for these islands today , Port Hutt is the ideal location for a short browse around and a mecca for those photography buffs [ 2 ] .	13	Definite
The mysteries of the universe continue to attract and intrigue you , as you apply your mystical awareness to the important decisions upcoming in your life , especially concerning partnerships of all kinds .	0	Definite
It provided routes for trade , colonisation , and war , as well as food ( from fishing and the gathering of other seafood ) for numerous communities throughout the ages .	19	Definite
A couple days after the oil change , the engine ran rough , the low oil pressure light would come on sporadically , and the engine would whir loudly .	13	Definite
My car is a little tiny thing , a second-hand crock .	8	Indefinite
If this coincides with rising interest rates and a setback in the housing market , American consumers will experience the hardest times since the Great Depression . "	8	Indefinite
He gained further reputation at court once he was dispatched as an envoy to the Khitan Liao Dynasty in the summer of 1075 .	14	Definite
I am in the office so give me a call .	3	Definite
In the end , the results were not favorable .	4	Definite
In the standing photo ( from the front ) there is a corner of a rug creeping in , some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord .	1	Definite
And between the time I began my research and the time I applied , the minimum score did change once .	14	Definite
You do find the ' get the number hop in bed with her ' but be aware that they usually have a reputation as sluts .	3	Definite
I assume you are talking about a pacman frog .	6	Indefinite
I think 90 percent of the tenants are smokers !	5	Definite
So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)	4	Indefinite
It took all the courage I could muster to make an appointment .	3	Definite
From the 18 th century , the desire for authentic Shakespeare portraits fuelled claims that various surviving pictures depicted Shakespeare .	6	Definite
The origin of the word Hispania is much disputed and the evidence for the various speculations are based merely upon what are at best mere resemblances , likely to be accidental , and suspect supporting evidence .	3	Definite
It is a daily routine to hear the same leader making opposite statements in Arabic to his people and in English to the rest of the world .	25	Definite
His impulse was to tear the book out of her hands and run across the station with it .	5	Definite
The one country that has shown that it understands the realities in South Asia is China .	0	Definite
A damned sight better than some of our fellows .	0	Indefinite
I am very glad that some Members also spoke in favour of a special committee , during the debate .	17	Definite
It contained 36 texts , including 18 printed for the first time .	9	Definite
In addition , there are also two information centers located at the airport and Hadibo .	11	Definite
Do you still have the historical nymex settle file that you created for Lavo 's spread analysis ?	4	Definite
The Ten Degree Channel divides the Andamans , which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islands , from the 20 or so Nicobar Islands in the south .	0	Definite
Should the United States undertake military action against Iran , the ramifications in Iraq would be immediate and extreme .	10	Definite
the first night i brought her home i did the sniffing under the door thing and left it at that .	12	Definite
L'Enfant was promoted by brevet to Major in the Corps of Engineers on May 2 , 1783 , in recognition of his service to the cause of American liberty .	8	Definite
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon and have a nice day .	11	Indefinite
Reality hurts when it intrudes ; as such , an arrogant person is less likely than other people to self-reflect or analyse , thereby not seeing their own imperfections .	9	Indefinite
" The impacts of global warming are affecting people now in the Arctic , " said ACIA chair Robert Corell .	1	Definite
Many of the children were sent to Mujahedeen schools , particularly in France .	2	Definite
Quantum mechanics offers a fitting metaphor .	3	Indefinite
Before I left Chicago , the art critic Harold Rosenberg said to me , " Going to Jerusalem ?	5	Definite
The air of the bar was acrid with triumph .	0	Definite
If you have any questions , please request clarification prior to rating the answer .	12	Definite
the knights inn was small very small . i mean 1 room in every room ! it was cozy a little and a small tv .	22	Indefinite
Flipped the square over and saw it riddled with green mold !!!!	1	Definite
Outside the extreme northwest , the taiga is dominant , covering a significant fraction of the entirety of Siberia .	5	Definite
A glass case nearby held a withered hand on a cushion , a blood-stained pack of cards , and a staring glass eye .	0	Indefinite
It is genetic and the child needs to get the gene from both parents to turn into a vegetable instead of a thinking child .	4	Definite
A small town with two minarets glides by .	0	Indefinite
Click outside of the grid of lines and drag a rectangle over the grid .	12	Definite
Secondly , that is normal behavior as they use the wheels in the night .	9	Definite
An enthusiastic reader and independent thinker as a child , Balzac had trouble adapting to the teaching style of his grammar school .	7	Indefinite
If you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualizations to help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence , try the following before moving onto the more formal method below .	17	Definite
He was scrambling back onto the chest of drawers when Uncle Vernon hammered on the unlocked door – and it crashed open .	14	Definite
Only the man with the flowered sponge-bag , as if unaware of this useful convention , insisted on a Here we are again smile .	1	Definite
Think of the setup as the foundation of a story .	5	Definite
A continuous noise of the rapids above hovered over this scene of inhabited devastation .	0	Indefinite
I went across the bay last night to attend a farmer 's market and music event .	9	Indefinite
He jumped the last six stairs , landing catlike on the hall carpet , looking around for Dobby .	2	Definite
Most of the time one is more interested in breeding than the other .	2	Definite
Madam President , Mrs Díez González and I had tabled questions on certain opinions of the Vice - President , Mrs De Palacio , which appeared in a Spanish newspaper .	15	Definite
In my opinion , people should be hesitant to contribute to websites where you only have the " right to leave . "	16	Definite
The Associate and Analyst Programs will be on the Penn , undergraduate campus interviewing summer Analyst interns next week .	8	Definite
As I mentioned in my voice mail , Mike Roberts going to hire Sara Woody , a recent MBA grad from Rice , into his group .	16	Indefinite
After you paste the line , you do not need to recreate the group – the new line is automatically part of the group .	22	Definite
I am a 20 something gay black male and I am looking for suggestions on neighborhoods close to the downtown Toronto area .	18	Definite
Mrs Weasley was clattering around , cooking breakfast a little haphazardly , throwing dirty looks at her sons as she threw sausages into the frying pan .	8	Indefinite
Synergies between this Directive and the existing Community instruments should contribute to increasing their respective impacts and building coherent requirements for manufacturers to apply .	5	Definite
Took a laptop in for a video cable to be replaced .	1	Indefinite
The Romantics , in particular , acclaimed Shakespeare 's genius , and the Victorians worshipped Shakespeare with a reverence that George Bernard Shaw called " bardolatry " .	17	Indefinite
We 've received a personal invitation to a NYMEX Crawfish Boil on April 3 at 5:00 at Garden in the Heights at 3926 Feagan .	7	Indefinite
" I find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world 's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as " good news , " Gore said .	6	Indefinite
- train relevant staff in the features of the new generation of the euro banknotes , to be issued at the end of this decade ;	8	Definite
That was the long answer !	2	Definite
Neither the facts nor the deformations , the insidious platitudes of the media ( tormenting because the underlying realities are so huge and so terrible ) , can be screened out .	16	Definite
Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission 's hearings .	5	Definite
How did the CPA get to the point where it has turned even Iraqi Shiites , who were initially grateful for the removal of Saddam Hussein , against the United States ?	6	Definite
If you change the property setting , the change is applied to all selected controls .	3	Definite
Parties , attached is the promised ruling that provides procedural guidance for the hearings on 12/27 and 12/28 .	4	Definite
I do n't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed , understand and have implemented these standards .	9	Definite
Shared responsibilities , both at work and in the family mean a better quality of life for both men and women .	8	Definite
What do you think the impact will be for the Paralympic movement will be with the Games being televised live in the United States for first time ?	9	Definite
The present research represents a first step in exploring the impact of transmedia systems , as exemplified by Game of Thrones , through the study of fans .	9	Definite
I was wondering if you could give me some references regarding the calculation of correlation coefficients from a GARCH model .	17	Indefinite
Paul Kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the FERC Meeting that was held Thursday , Nov. 9th .	12	Definite
But I can see that the Archbishop gives him bad marks for lighting up after the main course .	15	Definite
Explanations of the origin of music depend on how music is defined .	2	Definite
Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and beat together ( by hand or with an electric hand-held mixer ) .	5	Definite
By 1998 , Zawahiri had determined that the Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States and hold off on further attacks against the Egyptian regime .	27	Definite
Joseph Darnand , who became an SS officer and led the Milice paramilitaries who hunted down members of the Resistance , was executed in October 1945 .	18	Definite
1 Transplant the basil plants .	2	Definite
China 's export - led growth miracle would not have started in the 1980 ' s without the American consumer .	12	Definite
Outside the extreme northwest , the taiga is dominant , covering a significant fraction of the entirety of Siberia .	1	Definite
It serves as a reminder of the work that needs to be completed for the cross-linguistic study of SI in particular and acquisition more generally .	6	Definite
All the other versions are frauds , written by impostors .	1	Definite
About customizing a control	2	Indefinite
He could bear no longer that expressionless and motionless stare , which seemed to have a sort of impenetrable emptiness like the black depth of an abyss .	21	Definite
Its struggle against the Ottoman Empire in the Mediterranean Sea put serious limits on the military power it could deploy against the rebels in the Netherlands .	14	Definite
I have never had a problem with their hours because I always go during the mornings .	4	Indefinite
By the 3rd century the emperor Caracalla made a new division which lasted only a short time .	4	Definite
We felt that the menu had a little more variety on the Mariner of the Seas .	14	Definite
Having enjoyed a career peak at home in Australia , Geyer returned to live in Los Angeles in 1984 to concentrate on breaking into the musical scene there .	24	Definite
Could I have a sample , not necessarily one that 's filled out , but just one that you --	3	Indefinite
The missile 's manufacturers state that one or two missiles could cripple a destroyer , and five missiles could sink a 20,000 ton ship .	12	Indefinite
Shakespeare continued to act in his own and other plays after his success as a playwright .	14	Indefinite
First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained from Wave 1 ) from the year of the interview at Wave 4 .	24	Definite
According to many scientists , the early results of global warming — 90 degree Fahrenheit water temperatures in the Gulf and rising sea levels — may have exacerbated the destructive power of Katrina .	28	Definite
It 's fantastic that they got the Paris Agreement but their contributions at the moment are nowhere near the 1.5 - degree target .	18	Definite
When civilians launched a suicidal attack on an armed force in Kyiv on February 20 , their sense of representing " the nation " far outweighed their concern with their individual mortality .	3	Indefinite
If you need more , there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts ( we heard about it in Amsterdam ) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets .	37	Definite
The woman who had dozed beside him all night communicating the intimate rhythm of her breathing but never exchanging a word , suddenly began to talk like a bird who has the cover taken off its cage .	10	Definite
69 - Percentage of Americans who believed the White House 's claims in September 2003 that Saddam Hussein was personally involved in the 11 September attacks .	22	Definite
Did you have a chance to take a look at the resume I sent you ?	10	Definite
The gods represented distinctly the practical needs of daily life , and they were scrupulously accorded the rites and offerings considered proper .	4	Definite
It was the farthest point of navigation and the culminating point of my experience .	8	Definite
Look forward to drinking a few beers .	4	Indefinite
WASHINGTON , DC – In his recent State of the Union address , US President Barack Obama reiterated his ambition to complete the Trans - Pacific Partnership , a proposed trade agreement among the US and 11 Pacific countries .	33	Definite
I just found out that I need to take the TX driver s exam both written and on the rode .	18	Definite
The formalin is great for preserving structures , but for anemones , it prevents study of DNA or of the chemistry of the body .	0	Definite
A few minutes after I left , I was called and informed that " I " left my wheel lock ( which they should have left in the car ) .	0	Indefinite
Undersecretary for Education Mr. Toccafondi says " many schools will increase their fees or they will quit . Then the State will have to find new resources to build new structures and manage them " ( ( it ) ) .	19	Definite
Male mosquitoes do not bite , so their release presents no health risk , and , because their progeny die , no genetically engineered mosquitoes persist in the environment .	27	Definite
The sample includes our " caveat " , so it should be fine .	0	Definite
Once the Office Web Components are installed , users who have access to an Office 2002 license will be able to interact with and make changes to the components .	1	Definite
The document is now lost , however , and scholars differ as to its authenticity .	0	Definite
At last , panting , they reached the landing , then carried the trunk through Harry 's room to the open window .	12	Definite
The exception is the appearance of his name in the ' complaints bill ' of a law case before the Queen 's Bench court at Westminster dated Michaelmas Term 1588 and 9 October 1589 .	9	Definite
I could n't say no ... so Nicki ( the little girl - 10 yrs. old ) and I waited for the bus .	9	Definite
K.C. Maurer , chief financial officer and treasurer at the Andy Warhol Foundation , said 500 institutions received the initial invitation and currently 190 universities have accepted one or more donations .	18	Definite
You need to check with one of the major hospital that performance this procedure like Bumrungard Hospital or Yanhee Hospital .	7	Definite
You can also remove fields from the chart layout that you no longer want to see .	6	Definite
His initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned L.L.C .	14	Definite
In the foreground , facing the magazine rack , a young student stood with an open magazine in his hands , staring at a picture of a naked woman .	5	Definite
NOW , THEREFORE , we do hereby Order and Direct Major-General Scott , the Command-in-Chief of our Armies , immediately upon receipt of this , our Decree , to proceed with a suitable force and clear the Halls of Congress .	31	Indefinite
He does have toys , a scratching post , LOTS of mice , balls , yarn , a feathery birdy toy , etc .	17	Indefinite
There were 2 in our group , and a 3rd person was also in the parking lot waiting for this class .	8	Indefinite
Only if it is of the quality of That 's Amore .	5	Definite
" Well , you are a Jew , " he says .	5	Indefinite
The next day an angry Musharraf categorically said that Pakistan would not send Pakistani troops to Iraq , a clear snub to the Americans .	18	Indefinite
Although temperatures do not often venture below freezing , winter ( December to February ) can be brutal , for huge parts of the country – the west and northwest in particular .	26	Definite
Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .	11	Definite
But in the meantime , highly recommend jeans and long sleeves anytime you 'll be interacting with the kittens .	2	Definite
My goal , however optimistic , is to execute the risk policy by the end of today .	9	Definite
( 8 ) This Directive seeks to achieve a high level of protection for the environment by reducing the potential environmental impact of EUPs , which will ultimately be beneficial to consumers and other end - users .	14	Definite
Contact the Anti-Fraud Centre to report this http://www.antifraudcentre-centreantifraude.ca/english/home-eng.html	1	Definite
As we discussed , here is a first effort at a revised TVA offer letter .	6	Indefinite
Because I have the clear sensation that with this way of thinking , they wait the praise of some ideologized supporters .	3	Definite
In Access 2000 , you can only programmatically change the ANSI SQL query mode and any queries created under ANSI-92 mode were hidden in the Database window .	24	Definite
Beside him , Kabata 's strong thighs filled the seat .	8	Definite
A simple formality assured me the secretary , with an air of taking an immense part in all my sorrows .	5	Definite
The promise of new Royal Navy orders to secure the Clyde shipbuilding industry was made before the Scottish independence referendum in 2014 .	0	Definite
In this time visitors will come to the house , pay their respects to the desisted and their family and have a couple of cups of tea with a sandwich or a bun .	21	Indefinite
The price of crude oil on the international market hit a record $ 70.85 a barrel due to the vulnerability of oil and gas fields in the Gulf of Mexico .	14	Indefinite
For the most part , arrogant people see people that they do n't like as threats to their perfect little world .	1	Definite
The husband of the current candidate for the White House , Hillary Clinton , pardoned a number of people , also including Rich , on the last day of his presidency , January 20 , 2001 .	3	Definite
That was definitely the case for Andy when he played Benoît Paire in Monte Carlo in April .	3	Definite
They would thereby gain control of a major base for terrorist operations , which is also a nuclear power .	6	Indefinite
Brickell Honda has been the best buying experience in the world .	9	Definite
I have since purchased two cars from this dealership , The first one was from Phillip and the second was from Richard .	17	Definite
It serves as a reminder of the work that needs to be completed for the cross-linguistic study of SI in particular and acquisition more generally .	3	Indefinite
Quinn flapped the red notebook nervously against his right thigh , stood on his tiptoes , and peered into the throng .	2	Definite
To avoid experiencing a similar dilemma with Jasmine , the filmmakers ultimately decided to have the princess animated entirely at one studio .	15	Definite
In the end , these choices provide the greatest number of people with the best opportunity to share in the history and accomplishments of NASA 's remarkable Space Shuttle Program .	7	Definite
It is all about the $$$ .	4	Definite
In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .	21	Definite
" The Americans would be wise to plan accordingly , " said John E. Pike , director of the Alexandria , Va. - based GlobalSecurity.org , a small national security think tank .	1	Definite
The Yerba Buena Garden was built at the beginning of the 1990s on the roof of the Moscone North Convention Center .	7	Definite
Then , reaching into one of his coat pockets , he would remove a red notebook – similar to Quinn 's but smaller – and write in it with great concentration for a minute or two .	32	Indefinite
We all know by now that Bush did not even do his full service with the Texas Air National Guard , absenting himself to work on the Alabama senate campaign of Winton " Red " Blount .	15	Definite
In October 2001 , did the FBI profilers know of the draft message Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop ( from 1995 ) that was signed " Khalid Sheik Bojinka " ?	17	Definite
The reason Mr Koch produced his sound report was because the work in the CEN and within the United Nations Economic Commission was proceeding none too expeditiously .	0	Definite
She lay tense in the dark .	4	Definite
I had a conversation with the woman running this place in April 2010 .	2	Indefinite
I ’ll call it herein ( as everyone mostly does ) simply The Chemical Wedding .	12	Definite
In earlier applications and in some current uses , Cascading Style Sheets ( CSS ) were used to tell the browser how to display the XML data .	24	Definite
An examination of the ramifications of such an attack is desperately in order .	3	Definite
Also being exhibited for the first time are British Ministry of Defence maps which imagine cold war battles and which were used in military college exams .	4	Definite
Without the funds from our 1991 partners , we would not be able to acquire the oil revenue trapped within Iraq .	15	Definite
I brought my car in on a Sunday to replace a shredded tire .	10	Indefinite
Afterwards , each ant was dipped in the solution for a couple of seconds , dried on a cloth and put in the nest .	22	Definite
The freaky thing here is that these bozos are seriously claiming the moral high ground ? ? ? ? ?	11	Definite
Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal , in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him .	13	Indefinite
It ’s very much like you are trying to make the room laugh , but the room has been a sort of captive audience for many many years now , so it takes a lot to make the room laugh .	33	Indefinite
the introduction of flexibility in the number of applications by each Member State and consequent coordination ;	0	Definite
Compact 's Corona dryers remove at least twice as much water as the previous dryers , allowing a production increase of over 10 % and a significant energy saving .	12	Definite
A senior DOJ official reports that Adnan has experience as a commercial pilot .	0	Indefinite
Although some may praise this as an opportunity for the private sector to finally serve the public good , NASA seems hesitant about turning over the reigns to the corporate world .	6	Indefinite
Four in 10 adults have been injured due to bad weather while nine in 10 underestimate how chilly Britain can get in the winter time .	22	Definite
Yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son Ahmed Abdul Qadoos , who receives a stipend from the UN for being officially low - IQ due to lead poisoning .	6	Definite
They are probably especially oriented toward the Salafi school of modern Islamic thought , which has a Protestant - like emphasis on going back to the original practice of the early companions of the Prophet Muhammad .	33	Definite
Also , not mentioned on Microsoft 's " The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown " site , are the numerous security vulnerabilities putting the browser at risk of being hacked .	17	Definite
You either 1 ) sacrifice on breadth and do n't produce the topics that wo n't interest advertisers , or 2 ) you sacrifice on quality and produce content that does n't cost much to write .	11	Definite
When I was a little girl , he did that often , and called me Muscles .	3	Indefinite
Once , when he had been in the luncheonette , they had talked about baseball , and now , each time Quinn came in , they continued to talk about it .	7	Definite
Spiritually and culturally important to Moriori , it holds the last known concentration of momori-rakau , or tree carvings done by the ancestors of today 's Moriori .	21	Definite
But the real fear comes from the undisputed fact that no defense and no preventive measures can succeed against a determined suicide murderer .	6	Definite
I visited the festival on Saturday night , the opening night , and there was a sea of people in the square .	15	Indefinite
He achieved some fame as an architect by redesigning the City Hall in New York for the First Congress of the United States ( See : Federal Hall ) .	9	Definite
The Settlement date shall be the date ( s ) set forth in the Product description on the Website .	17	Definite
It represents a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely human .	2	Indefinite
Rules in the room : # 1 ) if you drink the soda from the fridge in your room you must prove it by leaving the can in the trash .	25	Definite
She 's the best !	2	Definite
The streets and avenues are planned on a 1 mile by 1 mile grid system , with the main arterials running on each mile .	0	Definite
So does anyone know what the difference is ?	5	Definite
Remember that the snitch runner , if you choose to use one , is not an actual player in the game , therefore , not bound by any of the rules .	15	Indefinite
" It may be uninteresting to a lot of people , " Beschta told Blue Planet .	6	Indefinite
What you have read in the internet is fairly accurate but of course it does not fit all scenarios .	5	Definite
The sun set ; the dusk fell on the stream , and lights began to appear along the shore .	0	Definite
Fort Lee also has a great community center open to all borough residents .	4	Indefinite
As I read the letter , I considered the vast contrast between mind and morality of whoever wrote it , vs. that of the mind of the man who once said " Bring it on ! "	8	Definite
Linking to a connection file	2	Indefinite
His magnum opus was a sequence of short stories and novels collectively entitled La Comédie humaine , which presents a panorama of French life in the years after the 1815 fall of Napoleon Bonaparte .	4	Indefinite
Examples are the Line Islands in the Pacific and the Maldives in the Indian Ocean .	12	Definite
If you are not the intended recipient , please contact the sender and delete all copies .	10	Definite
Full reconciliation of contracts within the OBSF to Barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to AS400 Barclays account	5	Definite
They were men enough to face the darkness .	6	Definite
Figuratively speaking , this outer circle is the guardian , which makes sure that the people look and listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement , rather than to the world outside .	32	Definite
There was a rustling on the concrete and the drizzle of soft rain .	2	Indefinite
Overall , it is not a good solution , but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it .	27	Definite
If you ever go on a cruise ship , you will be required to attend a SOLAS muster drill ( lifeboat drill ) within 24 hours of sailing .	5	Indefinite
a rare form of retardation is showing up in that group more than anywhere else in the world .	0	Indefinite
The deadline expires today , so if we do not vote , we shall miss the opportunity to deliver our opinion .	15	Definite
I slipped through one of these cracks , went up a swept and ungarnished staircase , as arid as a desert , and opened the first door I came to .	10	Indefinite
I put the coffee thing in hot water and settled for a cup of weak coffee .	11	Indefinite
Having a security question is a useful way to verify you own your account if you ever lose access to it .	5	Indefinite
If you did n’t know already , the bib is the top front part with the breast pockets .	10	Definite
One reader pointed out that the President watched the Americans in the embassy when they took them hostage .	5	Definite
Who 's buying the paper , who 's selling the paper .	9	Definite
But there is a way of looking at a halter that would provoke the most charitable of saints into a kick .	3	Indefinite
( 1 ) Everyone has the right freely to participate in the cultural life of the community , to enjoy the arts and to share in scientific advancement and its benefits .	20	Definite
Guerrillas threatened to assassinate Prime Minister Iyad Allawi and Minister of Defense Hazem Shaalan in retaliation for the attack .	17	Definite
I enjoyed your presentation , and meeting you briefly afterwards , at the SIAM Workshop last Friday .	12	Definite
The northern portion of the Caucasus is known as the Ciscaucasus and the southern portion as the Transcaucasus .	0	Definite
Watch out for the bottom stair , it creaks , Harry whispered back , as the twins disappeared onto the dark landing .	19	Definite
On the Metro : Get in the Metro at Opera .	6	Definite
" Prompted I think by the Tom Cruise video , a new obsession is taking hold on the internet . An insurgency against The Church of Scientology . " Anonymous blogger , " Anon declares war on Church of Scientology "	17	Definite
I really do love my snake cause she is actually an affectionate cold - blooded creature .	10	Indefinite
The change is mainly on the Settlement Date text , which instead of " ... Two business days after the date of the Transaction ... " shall read as follow :	19	Definite
A Midsummer Night 's Dream is a witty mixture of romance , fairy magic , and comic lowlife scenes .	6	Indefinite
However , in the mid-1980s , Cleveland earned the nickname the " Comeback City ' as the urban core experienced a dramatic revitalization process that continues today .	10	Definite
Please tell me there is a deeper reason .	5	Indefinite
Mayko is relating to the Japanese .	4	Definite
A real pleasure training with Natasha .	0	Indefinite
In the ski resort areas , there will likely be man - made snow on the slopes .	1	Definite
We must not content ourselves with sealing another hole in the safety net and shutting our eyes to the fact that , where transport safety in Europe is concerned , there is still much more to be done .	10	Definite
My sixteen-year-old daughter pulls up her T-shirt sleeve to show her bare arm , the skin summer brown and the muscle swelling slightly into smooth biceps , flawless .	14	Definite
Can somebody give me the names some collages that do post 18 ( degrees or foundation degrees ) in either :	4	Definite
( This is a kind of " wind " of interstellar dust , caused by the fact that our solar system is moving with respect to the local interstellar medium . )	3	Indefinite
In scanning the whitehouse.gov site today , I noticed the following Executive Order :	9	Definite
Nervous people make mistakes , so I suppose there will be a wave of succesfull arab attacks .	11	Indefinite
You do n't think is was because of female nudes considering the nearly naked girls / women seen at pools and beaches and the completely naked manikins that show up in store windows in malls during changes in display ?	11	Definite
The islands are volcanic in origin and have a unique and sensitive habitat that supports many rare and endangered species .	0	Definite
Thank you for the invitaion to the conference call .	6	Definite
All had turned over in the barrel of the world and steadied itself again .	5	Definite
In this day it s rare to find such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash .	15	Definite
Afterwards there was silence on board the yacht .	6	Definite
Those who show up and complain , but are not participating in the working groups and the daily Ercot phone calls , board meetings , etc. are ignored .	12	Definite
There 's a Canon EOS T2i , with the exact same sensor , just no articulating screen .	8	Definite
You can also pretend to conduct people onto the elevator , saying “ All aboard the elevator train ! ”	8	Definite
This was the station 's mess-room .	2	Definite
I thought the UK was completely devoid of good NYC style pizza .	2	Definite
That is why I want to highlight some of the issues that I believe the Commission must have at the forefront .	9	Definite
i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs .	21	Definite
The attached letter is being sent to you from Patricia Gillman .	0	Definite
The exact purpose of these megaliths is still debated , but they may have constituted a Canaanite " high place " from the Middle Bronze Age , ca. 1600 B.C.E.	0	Definite
In 1566 , a league of about 400 members of the nobility presented a petition to the governor Margaret of Parma , to suspend persecution until the rest had returned .	13	Indefinite
As a yoga studio , I 'm sure you 're all aware that all actions generate karma …	1	Indefinite
York quickly became one of the most important cities in Roman Britain , and after 211 became the capital of the province Britannia Inferior .	17	Definite
I have a friend who came here from Bulgaria after winning a green card in a lottery .	15	Indefinite
Seconds later , a bell clanged , and Malfoy stepped into the shop .	11	Definite
Subject : Civet Cats , James Rachels + a song	8	Indefinite
" Christianity , and especially Catholicism , being a complete repression of man 's depraved tendencies , is the greatest element in Social Order . "	8	Indefinite
The framework directive is part of this process .	0	Definite
The United States truly no longer has time for faulty analysis or politically - based preconceptions .	0	Definite
To tell the truth , this 's the first time for a week we 've had time to sit down to eat .	2	Definite
Have you heard if the Kinga has had little Brian II yet ?	4	Definite
Radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr said the attack was " criminal " and that " the Zionists have left only one choice for the Arabs , that of fighting and jihad " .	25	Definite
I have been researching on line and find things are quite pricey but the tours look great .	13	Definite
Of course not . But I mean the book inside the book Cervantes wrote , the one he imagined he was writing .	7	Definite
We read about six hundred to eight hundred headline ideas on a Monday coming from our staff and a small group of writers outside — a contributing core .	11	Indefinite
I had no explanation for the particular combination of sounds .	5	Definite
The following illustration shows a PivotTable list on the Orders data access page .	0	Definite
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .	20	Definite
A film changing bag is a handy way of unloading your exposed film in the field .	5	Indefinite
Mr President , I support the main proposals of the report concerning the administration of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund for the period 2000 - 2006 and the main recommendations of the report which include the following :	5	Definite
Touchdown ! said Fred as , with a slight bump , they hit the ground .	13	Definite
Well I think a blown engine falls under the catagory of mechanics right ?	3	Indefinite
WASHINGTON , DC – The International Monetary Fund is an immensely useful organization , able to deliver substantial amounts of financial and technical assistance at short notice to almost any place in the world .	4	Definite
He struck a match , and I perceived that this young aristocrat had not only a silver-mounted dressing-case but also a whole candle all to himself .	20	Indefinite
He explained that interrogations and other evidence revealed that Al Qaeda wanted to strike the US with a nonconventional weapon , most notably anthrax .	17	Indefinite
2005 will be a year of ups and downs , and only the flexible will be able to keep from going crazy !	12	Definite
- The programme should continue for a further 4 years at least with the same budget ( 1 million euro per year ) and with the same measures and target groups .	13	Definite
But word of advice if you 're get your girlfriend a laptop make sure it s a good brand a not something like DELL , Acer , Asus , eMachines etc .	10	Indefinite
Even worse , the dark , narrow street Harry could see through the dusty shop window was definitely not Diagon Alley .	12	Definite
Your application is still evaluated on a number of criteria , not all of them as " cast in steel " as the points .	6	Indefinite
I did n't know that I did n't register him in the ridiculous amount of paperwork I had filled out in the hospital and was supposed to go to city hall within 90 days .	11	Definite
The problem is that the civilized world is still having illusions about the rule of law in a totally lawless environment .	12	Definite
" We are a colony .	3	Indefinite
Neither the facts nor the deformations , the insidious platitudes of the media ( tormenting because the underlying realities are so huge and so terrible ) , can be screened out .	4	Definite
If you are really desperate for something to pass the time and are willing to shell out the best part of £ 30 for 2 two people then go for it .	9	Definite
Donald Trump is a pompous , arrogant , entitled person that cares about himself , and his temperament is toxic to the United States .	21	Definite
Go to Goldstar.com and get tickets for about a third of the price .	11	Definite
— NORTON I , Emperor of the United States .	6	Definite
Also on Main St. is Metropolitan Plants , a haven for flower lovers , with a very large selection of products for gardeners .	8	Indefinite
In the event that you have scheduling conflicts and can not participate , any referrals at the Director or VP level would be greatly appreciated .	16	Definite
The scene that month showed a street in some New England fishing village , perhaps Nantucket .	5	Indefinite
He was scrambling back onto the chest of drawers when Uncle Vernon hammered on the unlocked door – and it crashed open .	5	Definite
The First One Is much Better !	0	Definite
Addressing the OAS , Amin had provoked laughter and applause among the delegates by saying that the hostages were as comfortable as they could be in the circumstances surrounded by explosives .	1	Definite
I really have n't thought about writing a book .	7	Indefinite
A popular area on the weekend with a mixed vibe of hipster and hip hop .	4	Definite
Shakespeare 's early classical and Italianate comedies , containing tight double plots and precise comic sequences , give way in the Mid-1590s to the romantic atmosphere of his greatest comedies .	23	Definite
The service is solicitous , the atmosphere is nice and mod except the out - of - place flat - screen TV playing football .	12	Definite
The freaky thing here is that these bozos are seriously claiming the moral high ground ? ? ? ? ?	0	Definite
We all laughed at the idea , except for a chemist with a crooked nose and rouge caked in the creases of her face , who was incensed .	19	Definite
It 's a Western scene by a guy named W.H.S. Koerner called ' A Charge to Keep . '	2	Indefinite
The plan ca n't be described as a binary , a breakaway , a unilevel , or a forced matrix .	17	Indefinite
NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announces where four space shuttle orbiters will be permanently displayed at the conclusion of the Space Shuttle Program during an event commemorating the 30th anniversay of the first shuttle launch on April 12 , 2011 .	23	Indefinite
While some of his books never reached a finished state , some of those - such as Les employés ( The Government Clerks , 1841 ) - are nonetheless noted by critics .	17	Definite
" There is always the possibility they could jam us up , make us look like we are not numero uno , " Pike said .	4	Definite
Click outside of the grid of lines and drag a rectangle over the grid .	9	Indefinite
He was replaced around the turn of the 16 th century by Robert Armin , who played roles such as Touchstone in As You Like It and the fool in King Lear .	4	Definite
Drizzle a bit of olive oil in a pan over medium-high heat .	1	Indefinite
We have attended A Ward Dance Centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we are taught Ballroom and Latin as well as the fun filled social dance evening held every Saturday evening ....	28	Definite
In its scope it belongs to the most far - reaching cultures of the time , in which many sites are known .	6	Definite
But the time had not yet come for such a step .	1	Definite
By the peace treaty Spain ceded to the United States its colonies of Puerto Rico , Guam , and the Philippines .	7	Definite
The IMF rarely makes front - page headlines in the United States or other big countries , except when there is a racy personal dimension .	9	Definite
He said the main aim of the subpoenas will be to determine whether collusion occurred to " fix " prices , which would violate federal trade laws .	6	Definite
The debate is closed .	0	Definite
It was difficult to realize his work was not out there in the luminous estuary , but behind him , within the brooding gloom .	21	Definite
When you design a Web page using Microsoft Office Web Components , any user with a Microsoft Office 2002 license can interact with the components in the browser to the level of interactivity you provide .	26	Definite
She starred in the 2012 film The Five - Year Engagement , directed by Nicholas Stoller and co-starring Jason Segel .	3	Definite
On Thursday , the 3rd of November , the mayor of Saint - Gaudens ( in the Haute - Garonne region ) decided to suspend the urban development agreement with the government formed in 2014 .	30	Definite
A person can take it directly instead of others completing behavioral checklists or a completing a lengthy program intensive test like TOVA .	15	Indefinite
I was issued a new corporate American Express card .	3	Indefinite
San Antonio , wow what a let down from the other cities .	9	Definite
I hope to lead the Republican party in a new direction for working class Americans .	8	Indefinite
He was incredibly informative about the options I had , giving me opinions on different treatments to choose from .	5	Definite
A soldier 's best friend	0	Indefinite
That , I think , started my thinking about this , but it took a while for the idea to crystallize .	17	Definite
Usually , these are just a chance for the suckups to suck up , but this time people are actually concerned about the company 's plans .	8	Definite
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair ( she only wanted one , however ) .	12	Definite
By 1340 , Cairo had a population of close to half a million , making it the largest city west of China .	5	Indefinite
After founders - Stanford graduate students Sergey Brin and Larry Page presented their project to an angel investor , they received a cheque made out to ' Google '	15	Indefinite
It will be interesting to see whether or not Google will finally slay the Microsoft Goliath , who has known no major defeat and seeks to vanquish all competition .	13	Definite
They are dependable , have great connections in the community , and are a great resource for finding a job .	18	Indefinite
Western and Afghan diplomats intimately involved with the meeting , said Bush pushed Musharraf hard on reigning in the Taliban so the elections could take place peacefully .	18	Definite
Of course , you would then be in a position to sell calls again if the stock makes a bounce .	18	Indefinite
Let us say there has been an attempt to put technical make-up on the political face .	6	Indefinite
Is this a transitional period for the baby ... that he / she is left alone much more time ?	2	Indefinite
You can check the validity of all of this at the Beyond Control website .	10	Definite
Read the labels for contents .	1	Definite
I go to school in the area and usually wait until I go home to get my hair cut .	5	Definite
And the claim was that it had to do with Iranian missiles , but forget about that .	1	Definite
Our family has been trusting Doctor Hank with our teeth for the last seven years .	11	Definite
Then we assign a headline to a specific writer to execute .	6	Indefinite
After its progress had stalled in the Billboard 200 at No. 96 , Thought 'Ya Knew climbed to No. 31 in the UK , but the album charted for only two weeks in the UK .	6	Definite
She maintained contact all round her as they danced , talking over his shoulder to this one , putting out a broad calloused brown foot in a gold sandal to nudge that one in the calf .	26	Indefinite
The request of the municipalities results from the sentence of the Italian Supreme Court of Cassation on July 8 , recognising as legitimate the request of the Municipality of Livorno asking religious schools to pay property taxes .	0	Definite
The committee voted to give NASA $ 16.4 billion in 2005 , about $ 200 million more than what the President requested and over $ 1 billion more than what House appropriators approved in July . "	0	Definite
I suggest a " blind draw " on the teams , best ball not scramble on the golf , and as for the wager , no emails from the losing team for one week !	2	Indefinite
The first and foremost was the Ohio River , which flowed into the Mississippi River .	0	Definite
When regarding an artwork , a viewer gathers information through a series fixations , interspersed by rapid movements of the eye called saccades .	5	Indefinite
Recall the multiple terror threats lobbed out by the administration whenever damaging political news appeared in the media .	8	Definite
okay , I do nt have a review , but why in the hell would you name your business something that has the initials KKK .... is there something behind the scenes at this place ?	30	Definite
There could have ( hopefully does n't have ) major damage to the engine .	12	Definite
a publicity stunt for an international cigarette-making firm .	0	Indefinite
Here 's an excerpt from the article :	2	Indefinite
He was three months late in filing a name for the business , and he threatened to call his company Apple Computers if the other colleagues did n't suggest a better name by 5 O'clock .	10	Definite
The Licensor grants You the rights contained here in consideration of your acceptance of such terms and conditions .	4	Definite
Considering at the design stage a product 's environmental impact throughout its whole life cycle has a high potential to facilitate environmental improvement in a cost-effective way .	5	Indefinite
Attached is a summary of products and the various Enron groups seeking answers .	7	Definite
The piping would lead down into your sump from the overflow box .	9	Definite
He looked at her face again , trying to hear the words she was sounding out in her head , watching her eyes as they darted back and forth across the page .	30	Definite
Snowman would jump the high fencing that separated the two properties and always return to where he felt was home .	3	Definite
68 - Number of days after taking office that Bush decided Not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol , the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5.2 per cent below 1990 levels by 2012 .	14	Definite
You should check for updated information on a regular basis . "	7	Indefinite
Londoners flocked there to see the first part of Henry IV , Leonard Digges recording , " Let but Falstaff come , Hal , Poins , the rest ... and you scarce shall have a room " .	5	Definite
The vet said it was gastroenteritis and gave him fluids under his skin , an injection of nausea medication along with some take home antibiotics .	0	Definite
Between 1991 and 1997 , she ran a school for children with learning disabilities .	7	Indefinite
They did a very bad job with my hair and were extremely rude when I went back to ask them why it did n't work for my hair .	2	Indefinite
The quote is from an article entitled " Vegetarianism and ` The Other Weight Problem ' "	0	Definite
Mr President , with your permission I should like to begin by expressing my admiration for the way in which you executed the quick changeover of the chairmanship just now during the debate .	26	Definite
But the door buzzer answered him without any conversation .	1	Definite
If you wish to no longer receive invites from your friends , you can use the unsubscribe link in the footer of the email .	22	Definite
For that and many other reasons we support the motion for a resolution .	11	Indefinite
Wires sometimes get crossed . A person tries to call a number , and even though he dials correctly , he gets someone else .	5	Indefinite
Mohamed brought the digital clock he made to school on September 14 , and a teacher mistakenly thought it resembled a bomb .	14	Indefinite
How much more could you accomplish as an individual if you could learn any activity ?	7	Indefinite
Throughout history , tyrants have known that by denying the right of oppressed peoples to form and nurture families , they can kill the spirit of those peoples .	9	Definite
Maybe someone wanted to play a practical joke on you .	5	Indefinite
But in the domestic ceremony of passed dishes and filled glasses thoughts of a destructive enemy are hard to grasp .	2	Definite
If Access does n't find a RefLibPaths key , it searches for the referenced file in the locations listed below in the following order :	16	Definite
This is the year you 're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world , as expansion is the theme .	2	Definite
You 're getting old , he said to himself , you 're turning into an old fart .	14	Indefinite
I still do the odd chapter , but i am a bit delinquent in finishing some of them these days !	10	Indefinite
I have not followed that aspect of the societal response for the present storm .	7	Definite
In Brazil , a television program on the role that folic - acid supplementation could play in the prevention of spina bifida ( a congenital neural tube defect ) immediately grabbed politicians ' attention .	7	Definite
Twitter gave Mohamed the option to come to their company for an internship .	3	Definite
Compositionally , this one is not my favorite , I would suggest trying a different crop because I do nt think cutting her off at the calf looks great .	13	Indefinite
The heavy pole had skinned his poor nose .	0	Definite
Juan Cole ( www.juancole.com ) is a professor of modern Middle East history at the University of Michigan and author of " Sacred Space and Holy War " ( I.B. Tauris , 2002 ) .	6	Indefinite
American Food , Soul Food , Mexican , Italian , and Chinese are the options .	13	Definite
They convince lots of people that they are a great store , when in fact they are a very average place at best , they are just another big box store like the others .	32	Definite
Because series 1 is no longer the old one , many users can save 100 euros .	6	Definite
If wikiHow volunteers think our site is going in the wrong direction , they can take all the content and all the software and move the project elsewhere .	25	Definite
After all , establishing a genuine fiscal union would require strong political commitment – and considerable legwork .	4	Indefinite
Was that the one where you were the captain of the team , in 2005 ?	7	Definite
But it did revolutionize the way we think of as a smartphone .	10	Indefinite
From the delectable Antipasto Misto to the Spaghetti alla Barese and the Parmigiana and ending with gelato , all was mouth watering .	11	Definite
There 's a lot of unfunny jokes that are told in a back room , that 's why they stay and die in that back room and do n’t go out in The Onion .	32	Definite
You could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point , it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive .	30	Indefinite
remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it , and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time .	29	Indefinite
The Sahel 's climate is similar to , but less extreme than , the climate of the Sahara desert located just to the north .	13	Definite
Sends in as much ivory as all the others put together ... .	7	Definite
Customizing the layout of a PivotChart view	4	Indefinite
Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off ?	3	Indefinite
I do realise that this is only a small step towards increased transport safety , but I would ask you to endorse this report .	7	Indefinite
The incident is a reminiscent of two other incidents .	3	Indefinite
All are equal before the law and are entitled without any discrimination to equal protection of the law .	16	Definite
The team focus is prevention and education .	0	Definite
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language .	3	Definite
I think it 's a combination of the beauty , of the imagination , of the freedom .	11	Definite
The eighteen steps of the dance are done rhythmically .	0	Definite
At the moment Shalev is in Levico Terme , Trento , Italy for a conference .	1	Definite
The last time I did that I was suggested to buy oblivion when I told them I was looking for a fps .	0	Definite
Of course , the sooner the US soldiers can be withdrawn in favor of less - provocative local or international forces , the better .	5	Definite
The optimistic view is that those , like me , who find ourselves fearing the relative wage distribution of the future as a source of mammoth inequality and power imbalance simply suffer from a failure of imagination .	19	Definite
Between us there was , as I have already said somewhere , the bond of the sea .	15	Definite
Crossing between the genres of science fiction , horror , anime , fantasy and comics , the event sprawled throughout all corners of the facility .	23	Definite
Just because you 're stuck , does nt give you the right to drag down all the singles around you .	10	Definite
But so was it unlikely that a small group of Arab mujahidin would virtually take over Afghanistan .	6	Indefinite
By using a schema , you can ensure that any XML document that is used to import data into Access or export from Access to another format contains specific data and conforms to a defined structure .	33	Indefinite
Then – would you believe it ? – I tried the women .	10	Definite
There is n't much to see in the delta , it 's a lifestyle not a resort area .	12	Indefinite
On most days he spent at least several hours in Riverside Park , walking methodically along the macadam footpaths or else thrashing through the bushes with a stick .	16	Definite
Crosstab queries calculate a sum , average , count , or other type of total for data that is grouped by two types of information – one down the left side of the datasheet and another across the top .	28	Definite
It aims to take the journey time into account after deducting this from the working hours actually completed , without being able to measure the real journey time .	13	Definite
" Inhibitory systems are essential for controlling the pattern of activity in the cortex , which has important implications for the mechanisms of cortical operation , according to a Yale School of Medicine study in Neuron ....	7	Definite
2 - Percentage of the world 's oil used by Britain .	4	Definite
At the back table sat two old men in shabby clothes , one very fat and the other very thin , intently studying the racing forms .	23	Definite
where can I get morcillas in tampa bay , I will like the argentinian type , but I will to try anothers please ?	12	Definite
Mr President , Commissioner , the proposal presented by the Commission , in accordance with its mandate , is a reasonable starting point for the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .	24	Definite
Due to its remarkable biodiversity , with over a third of the local plant species found nowhere else , Socotra has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site .	23	Indefinite
He looked through the yellow pages for the Auster Detective Agency .	7	Definite
A pair of military pilots embarked on China 's second manned space flight early today , hurtling into orbit on a test mission that could span five days .	20	Indefinite
Ineos is an English company which has a majority of its operations in the US .	13	Definite
Photos released of the scene showed numerous bloodied bodies and various scattered debris .	3	Definite
( also see this thread on the RI discussion board ) :	6	Definite
The dolphins eat the fish that have PCBs from the plankton , and those PCBs , being fat-soluble , accumulate in these dolphins .	0	Definite
that deal is making like it wants to close and the traders scheduled a 430 call to wrap it up	13	Indefinite
1 . I found the title to the 4 wheeler and I was going to change it over to you name .	7	Definite
In the meantime , could you please provide a contact on your side with whom we could discuss technical issues ?	8	Indefinite
We are looking , therefore , within the Structural Funds programme not just to see industrial restructuring but also to see a wider improvement in the whole of the economic base within the Principality .	21	Indefinite
I read of a case not long ago when some people were trying to get a polygamous judge taken off the bench for not obeying state law .	20	Definite
Yuan Shikai , the President of the Republic of China , considered the new republic to be the successor of the Qing .	20	Definite
Dobby heard tell , he said hoarsely , that Harry Potter met the Dark Lord for a second time just weeks ago . that Harry Potter escaped yet again .	16	Indefinite
A shipment of new notebooks had come in , and the pile was impressive , a beautiful array of blues and greens and reds and yellows .	10	Definite
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1 - 2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything .	31	Indefinite
Both are made keeping in mind the comforts of the travelers .	9	Definite
The European Union is not a military organization .	0	Definite
Budgies are breast feeding birds and it may be the male is bisexual .	9	Definite
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	25	Definite
The Moldovan airline is Aerocom , and yes , it 's one of Victor Bout 's .	0	Definite
The Yas Marina Circuit website has exact timings .	0	Definite
a few things regading the POA / Cargill line ..	0	Indefinite
Back in 1972 in the Deep South , many rural counties did n't have much in the way of official Republican Party apparatus .	16	Definite
He can not accept calls , visits or flowers at this time , since he is in the emergency room .?	17	Definite
The atmosphere alone deserves 4 stars but , the food was not up to par with the price tag and the reputation the restaurant carries .	0	Definite
It is a daily routine to hear the same leader making opposite statements in Arabic to his people and in English to the rest of the world .	2	Indefinite
It is no surprise that the federal and state governments have classified the National Natural Heritage as a nation - wide endeavor of the highest priority and have documented it starting in 2005 in a coalition contract .	5	Definite
Good food and coffee with a nice atmosphere	5	Indefinite
I used to e-mail Vince Kaminski about the advice on his article " The Challenge of Pricing and Risk Managing Electricity Derivatives " and he had mailed me the copy .	28	Definite
So best advice is to go to the C&IC website and click " contact us " - http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/index.asp	7	Definite
it 's got the character of the miners ' pub it was , but it 's very handy for the new government offices , not too overawing , so you get quite a few Africans coming in .	19	Definite
" In the years before the 2008 financial crisis , more than a third of Harvard MBAs , and a similar proportion of graduates of the London School of Economics , went to work for financial firms .	12	Indefinite
I 'm suppose to start a job at Cracker Barrel , but I ca n't risk losing the job because I have two visible tattoos on my arm .	17	Definite
We in Parliament would like to add a third category covering organic products that also comply with environmental and animal protection criteria .	7	Indefinite
There was a change of ownership a couple of years ago and service is both quick and extremely friendly .	2	Indefinite
Plus you land in a preferential terminal ...	4	Indefinite
There is a risk that observers underestimate the time that Al Qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and development .	7	Definite
According to the Arts and Humanities Citation Index Professor Chomsky is the eighth most cited scholar of all time .	2	Definite
During the first stages of Romanization , the peninsula was divided in two by the Romans for administrative purposes .	7	Definite
Mr. President , as a Nobel Peace Prize recipient and as one of the fathers of the modern peace process in Israel , do you still think that there is a future to the peace process ?	33	Definite
Balzac 's first project was a libretto for a comic opera called Le Corsaire , based on Lord Byron 's The Corsair .	8	Indefinite
Cuaron , whose last film was the Oscar - winning Gravity , was reportedly not on set at the time of the incident .	18	Definite
Since Member States and the industry agree that the star rating system has proved not to deliver the expected result , Directive 92 / 42 / EEC should be amended to open the way for more effective schemes .	4	Definite
Affected parties have also criticized the fact that the manufacturer 's public declarations are also included in the defect definition .	8	Definite
( 6 ) A coherent framework for the application of Community Ecodesign requirements for EUPs should be established with the aim of ensuring the free movement of those products which comply and of improving their overall environmental impact .	3	Indefinite
You can also save tables , views , stored procedures , functions , and forms in a Microsoft Access project as a data access page .	21	Indefinite
The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced " Vilt-two " — the discoverer was German , I believe ) .	30	Definite
You use XML schemas to describe the structure of data in a common format that customers , other Web browsers , and any number of XML-enabled software programs can recognize .	11	Indefinite
( In a good way ... )	2	Indefinite
A settlement on the area of present-day Łódź was established in the 14th century and in 1423 it was granted a town charter , along with the right to have a marketplace .	3	Definite
And , just as a psychologist would predict , one of the partners , China , has decided to go its own way .	4	Indefinite
By the time of Romeo and Juliet , Richard II , and A Midsummer Night 's Dream in the Mid-1590s , Shakespeare had begun to write a more natural poetry .	1	Definite
The salatim salads are the smallest plates I 've ever seen placed in front of me ( you would most likely think they were condiments if it were n't explained to you ) .	4	Definite
A CSS merely allows you to specify the formatting of each XML element without much control over the output .	7	Definite
Some 20 th - century scholars have suggested that Shakespeare may have been employed as a schoolmaster by Alexander Hoghton of Lancashire , a Catholic landowner who named a certain " William Shakeshafte " in his will .	28	Indefinite
From Canada , the tourist card is normally provided on the flight .	10	Definite
The text of that Treaty , drawn up in the Bulgarian and Romanian languages , shall be annexed to this Protocol .	9	Definite
Ukraine will stand up to the bully – on our own , if necessary .	5	Definite
If both your primary and reserve chutes have malfunctioned , signal immediately to a fellow jumper who has not yet deployed their chute , waving your arms and signalling that your own is not functional .	13	Indefinite
On September 24 , 1944 , a group of Japanese ships were sunk by American warplanes in Coron waters as the ships retreated from Manila Bay .	20	Definite
Like the sushi , do n't like the pad thai .	1	Definite
It is heartbreaking to try to bring a horse back and then have to put it down , but some horses are worth the risk .	7	Indefinite
No injuries or deaths were reported in the attacks from either side , but South Korea evacuated about 80 people in the town of Yeoncheon after at least one shell landed near the area .	21	Definite
The presence of the Sea Tigers in the area with guns , cash and drugs makes the situation extremely dangerous .	16	Definite
Dunn believes the resulting overcharges for electricity exceeded $ 30 billion .	2	Definite
I believe that the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the common fisheries policy and a proposal to subvert it would be legally inadmissible .	14	Definite
The cliff was not in the way or anything ; but this objectless blasting was all the work going on .	0	Definite
The rooms are SO clean , the managers / owners are the nicest people , the place feels so homey , and the location and grounds are beautiful .	11	Definite
With the Taliban failure to disrupt the Afghan elections , the militants are even more isolated from the mainstream Taliban who want to return home .	1	Definite
It is a political process and I have decided not to be present , so it was said .	2	Indefinite
Images of the boy wearing a NASA T-shirt and handcuffed by the police were quickly posted and reposted online .	2	Definite
The people at Gulf Coast Siding were very easy and clear to work with .	0	Definite
I took the cage and place it next to the couch .	9	Definite
There has been talk that the night curfew might be implemented again .	5	Definite
A helicopter snored over the celebrations , drowning the exchange of greetings when Bray was introduced to someone in the street , expunging conversation in bars and even speeches .	0	Indefinite
me and my dad where in NJ for a kc chiefs ( my home team ) vs the NY jets and for game 4 of the world series .	25	Definite
Consequently , the proposals could , in practice , produce the opposite effect to that intended and become an obstacle to increased competition .	2	Definite
I did n't argue with him but I asked him what he believed would be a viable solution to this mess .	15	Indefinite
Very sad too since NASA 's astronaut's may not fly in the next five years .	11	Definite
The hardest thing in running this business , which is why people ca n't do it , is the relationship that my wife has with the gals and with the customers .	18	Definite
He thanked him , listening to the two men at once and hearing neither , and followed the firm rump in white shorts past barriers and through the reception hall .	27	Definite
Certainly he fidgeted on his chair a good deal , exclaimed , ' Ah , Mr. Kurtz ! ' broke the stick of sealing-wax and seemed dumbfounded by the accident .	20	Definite
After tomorrow , I will no longer have access to the estate files .	10	Definite
This was the body that Bush proclaimed was bringing " stability " to the region in fall of 1999 .	13	Definite
I am sorry for him , he is a good dad	8	Indefinite
Sailing with the Roosevelt is the Tarawa Expeditionary Strike Force , which includes the USS Tarawa , the USS Austin , and the USS Pearl Harbor .	17	Definite
An autofilter is always applied before a conditional filter , regardless of the order in which you applied them .	0	Indefinite
Also that , I heard in the next few years Fujairah would be as good as Dubai , is it true ?	6	Definite
The scene that month showed a street in some New England fishing village , perhaps Nantucket .	0	Definite
Tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between India and Sri Lanka would encourage Sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process	3	Definite
Chuck and Gretchen were very positive , and when Alan 's refused to work on my bike , Chuck came right out and saw the problem and did what Alan 's mechanic would n't do .	24	Definite
I 'm not kidding , I once lost a hamster in my house 3 months later I walk down in the basement and it was as big as a rat .	8	Indefinite
From the later 1800s to the 1920s Mérida enjoyed prosperous boom times fueled by the henequen or sisal plant harvest , which made Yucatán the rope maker to the world .	24	Definite
Winter is definitely low season , with the occasional rainy or snowy day , but also an ideal time to save money while enjoying the city without countless other travelers and tourists .	24	Definite
Mr President , I would firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Koch , on his magnificent work and his positive cooperation with the Commission with regard to improving the texts and presenting this report and this proposal ;	30	Definite
The island provides a home to eleven indigenous bird species and contains Mt. Talau national park , with some of the limited remaining native vegetation .	20	Definite
The first case is of the mayor Luca Pastorino that in last years received several refusals of his requests for payment because of the religious nursery school and retirement home .	23	Definite
The motion to compel is now scheduled for Dec. 12 at 2 p.m .	0	Definite
If you wash your overalls alone or in a light load , use about half the detergent called for and less water .	15	Definite
[ This killing of a respected cleric will be causing us trouble for years to come . ]	4	Indefinite
If you move the field to the filter area , the custom group fields are hidden .	3	Definite
I just finish reading a really good book ( it was actually a ebook ) from some new series called the The Tale of Terra .	4	Indefinite
The hall ended in a T and we went left through the gym , walked underneath the bleachers and stood next to the side door , waiting for the rain to stop .	16	Definite
In the interview , Herrick explains what wikiHow is , why he decided to create it , how he grew it in size , and why he chose to use a Creative Commons license ( HyperLink ) for his site .	1	Definite
The latest figures relate to the 24th of October last year , and tell us that our diesel costs 1,335 euros per litre , compared with the eurozone average of 1,165 euros .	5	Definite
For the United States and Europe are far more concerned with the even more sensitive issues of China 's relations with " pariah states " .	11	Definite
The smartphone generation received an app it deserved , where , in the best case scenario , the most idiotic situation received an audience of millions .	17	Definite
The world may be enraging and absurd – yet at least someone has the self - respect to keep protesting against that fact .	13	Definite
0 - Number of memorial services for the returned dead that Bush has attended since the beginning of the war .	7	Definite
On July 4-5 , again before the rescue , Le Monde had reported without comment wisecracks made by Amin in a speech at Port Louis .	20	Indefinite
It turned aside for the bowlders , and also for an undersized railway-truck lying there on its back with its wheels in the air .	22	Definite
I just called again and was told that workmanship , not wood , is guaranteed for a year - well in my opinion - the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship !	16	Indefinite
Staff exchange has , nonetheless , gained ground and has now become a standard feature of Pericles .	12	Indefinite
I am in the office so give me a call .	8	Indefinite
Go to the Looking Glass for all your smoking needs !!!!!!!!!!	2	Definite
A page that uses a Microsoft Office Chart Component	0	Indefinite
Pewter is perfect for what you are doing , and it melts on a stove top .	13	Indefinite
For example , if you export a table of Customers Orders , you can also choose to export a related Orders Details table and Customers table into the same file .	18	Indefinite
Talked to the little mother - to - be .	2	Definite
It is a great course for local golfers to be proud of and all the comments in 2008 have been very positive !!	14	Definite
Habitat destruction vastly increases an area 's vulnerability to natural disasters like flood and drought , crop failure , spread of disease , and water contamination .	4	Indefinite
The U.S. and Europe are constantly improving their defense against the last murder , not the next one .	15	Definite
Research shows that increasing agricultural productivity is the most effective way to reduce poverty in sub-Saharan Africa .	7	Definite
The hardest thing in running this business , which is why people ca n't do it , is the relationship that my wife has with the gals and with the customers .	25	Definite
17 - On 17 November 2001 , The Economist printed a correction for having said George Bush was properly elected in 2000 .	7	Definite
She basically said if the children getting off the bus are n't paying to enter her building she was going to let them wander around the streets .	25	Definite
He resembled a pilot , which to a seaman is trustworthiness personified .	7	Indefinite
If you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualizations to help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence , try the following before moving onto the more formal method below .	7	Definite
It was nice and close to the Taj .	6	Definite
The media routinely obscures the lines between terrorism and legitimate resistance , as the recent article by Daniel Okrent of The New York Times demonstrates .	4	Definite
Do museum labels have an impact on how people look at artworks ?	4	Indefinite
The layout of a PivotTable view does not have to include all of the fields that are available from the underlying record source .	3	Indefinite
Pools The Mariner of the Seas and Liberty both had salt water pools - which most cruise ships have .	4	Definite
73 - Number of times that Bush mentioned terrorism or terrorists in his three State of the Union addresses .	16	Definite
The third problem is that of aging populations , an issue that would pose tough challenges even for the best - designed political system .	18	Definite
Ultimately , codependency leads to a loss of identity , serious frictions , and often a nasty breakup – unless one or both of the partners becomes more self-reliant and strikes out on his or her own .	24	Definite
So you do n’t have writers coming up with a story and headline , but you will instead have a team of writers choosing the best headlines and then assign it to a particular writer who was not necessarily involved ?	24	Definite
Frequent travelers and executives are among the masses that get a lot of discount in the airfare .	10	Indefinite
The reason for it is because people were fighting for our land , either defending it or extending it , because that was the main source .	0	Definite
This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .	2	Indefinite
What started as a routine ultrasound became complicated when expectant mother Margaret Boemer , of Plano , Texas , was told her unborn child had a rare condition and needed surgery to survive .	25	Indefinite
So in a way people often do n't know how to combine the two fields .	12	Definite
The United States goes into a war zone and evacuates a bunch of U.S. citizens ( most of whom were " dual - citizens " ) .	10	Indefinite
He wanted to test the gullibility of his fellow men .	4	Definite
Yes , I am traveling quite a bit .	6	Indefinite
I got highlights , haircut , and a blowdry .	7	Indefinite
At the time of his arrest , the suspect was allegedly involved in constructing a " submarine " in a shipyard on the island of Sirae near Phuket on the Andaman Sea coast .	7	Definite
Then there is the famous project No-8 of the 14 very important projects endorsed by the Essen summit .	15	Definite
Mailing them to the house iis fine .	3	Definite
The dude who grills the retarded dogs is rude .	4	Definite
Like Ben , I will still be very much involved with the Mozilla project and community :-)	11	Definite
I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker ... and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me ... " the inspection guy is n't here today " .... for example .	16	Definite
The Chapman lighthouse , a three-legged thing erect on a mud-flat , shone strongly .	9	Indefinite
Days away : Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 ( assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return )	22	Definite
Bush was only able to give a partial response to the query on the leader of Taiwan , referring to Taiwanese President Lee Teng - hui simply as " Lee . "	13	Definite
So you want to flirt with a guy or gal on MSN , AIM , Facebook Chat , or any other instant messaging service and you do n't want to look like a creep ?	32	Indefinite
This could well be the day I make the biggest deal of my career , said Uncle Vernon .	4	Definite
2002 - The worst year for major markets since the recession of the 1970s .	12	Definite
Yet life at Privet Drive had reached an all-time low .	7	Indefinite
" The problem is not with the Palestinian resistance groups but with Israel 's scheme to destroy the Palestinians ' infrastructure , " Habib said .	17	Definite
Since work has gone to hell , I am hoping to find some excitement in the possibility that LSU may play in the Cotton Bowl ( if Rohan " Alabama " Davey shows up for the next 3 games . )	22	Definite
In a bulletin , the FBI noted that the surveillance might relate to a plot to disperse a chemical or biological weapon .	17	Indefinite
The government 's ban on diesel vehicles within Athens and the early 1990s initiatives to improve car emissions have greatly contributed to better atmospheric conditions in the basin .	0	Definite
I have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket line at the Payne Creek site today .	8	Indefinite
A clean young soul , he said .	0	Indefinite
the International Date Line jogs eastward to keep them on the same calendar day as the rest of New Zealand .	0	Definite
From there , walk one hour along the cliff , and you will discover a Souffleur , kind of geyser due to the pressure of the sea .	7	Definite
As in the old days , varnish is often used as a protective film against years of dirt , grease , smoke , etc .	11	Indefinite
It was for sale in a couple of galleries in SF and was about $ 20,000 .	5	Indefinite
A lot on the web , we 've used most of the local city papers , New York Press , things like that , L Magazine .	0	Indefinite
When you open a page , Access reads the connection file that is linked to the page , and based on the contents of the connection file , connects the page to the appropriate data source .	3	Indefinite
The biggest LTTE maritime disaster was reported in the now - defunct Asiaweek in 2001 .	0	Definite
He paid no attention to my explanations , and , playing with a stick of sealing-wax , repeated several times that the situation was ' very grave , very grave . '	12	Indefinite
Anything after 12 is a bonus .	4	Indefinite
My heart pounded as I walked down and pounded even faster upon seeing Gerry in an SUV - Lexus !	15	Indefinite
John looks too much the writer slight in person , delicate to be a chief engineer .	13	Indefinite
The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .	0	Definite
For example , if you specify the start range as 01-Jul-1999 while grouping the ShippedDate field in weekly intervals , the following groups will be created :	20	Definite
I 'm looking for suggestions from anyone who knows the philly area and the where to's .	9	Definite
For a Jew from Eastern Europe it has been completely typical war , death of mother , death of father , death of sister , four years in disguise among the Germans , death of wife , death of son .	30	Definite
The sun blazed overhead , burning the back of his neck .	0	Definite
How do we accurately assess the fact that , owing to medical progress , heart surgery is more likely to be successful now than in the past , leading to a significant increase in life expectancy and quality of life ?	30	Indefinite
The theme this year was " Maternal and Child Health and Nutrition . "	0	Definite
The steamer was sunk .	0	Definite
For weeks , reporters scoured Alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the National Guard there .	20	Definite
“ Average age 62 , birth rate 0.22 , net immigration of half a million a year ” —	15	Indefinite
It will be borne by the consumers and will constitute an additional element of the price of electricity used .	10	Indefinite
In the 1950 s , a wave of new critical approaches replaced modernism and paved the way for " post - modern " studies of Shakespeare .	1	Definite
For an American , the most intriguing question is this :	4	Definite
BIG MISTAKE - The food was tasteless and cold .	3	Definite
He saw the argument for making the call , and at the same time he saw the argument for not making it .	11	Definite
It was as unreal as everything else – as the philanthropic pretense of the whole concern , as their talk , as their government , as their show of work .	13	Definite
Foz on the Brazilian side is the larger town , however both are geared up to cater for visitors to the Waterfalls and National Parks , and so offer a range of accommodation for all budgets .	6	Definite
He told the BBC ’s Andrew Marr Show : “ A general election is frankly the last thing that the Government wants . ”	2	Definite
All the Hasidim are vividly enjoying themselves , dodging through the aisles , visiting chattering standing impatiently in the long lavatory lines , amiable , busy as geese .	18	Definite
After I had chosen The Fountain Dental Practice they provided a slick and professional service from start to finish .	10	Indefinite
According to the Pakistan reports , Aafia Siddiqui was detained after being spotted at Karachi International airport ( after she was followed to a relative 's house ) .	2	Definite
We all regret that the European Committee for Standardisation ( CEN ) has not been able , in the required time , to carry out the amendment of the provisions necessary for the required harmonisation within the European Union .	28	Definite
U.S. industrialist Andrew Carnegie started a hero fund in 1904 after being inspired by rescue stories from a mine disaster that killed 181 people .	5	Indefinite
If the key exists , Access checks for the existence of a value name that matches the name of the referenced file .	16	Definite
The finest German bedding and linens store .	0	Definite
Supermechanized , ultraefficient , they give the crew no time in foreign ports .	6	Definite
The storm threatened oil installations in the Gulf of Mexico where about one - quarter of US oil operations are based .	6	Definite
We had a larger black population in the 70s than we have now but they did not have any power until Willie Brown was elected .	2	Indefinite
While these concerns should not be dismissed out of hand , none of them is the source of the current slowdown .	15	Definite
One thing that does n't show up in the attachment is the swap eligibility issue .	8	Definite
Additionally , reviewing the standings of Louisiana and Mississippi in the educational stakes , you 'll find they usually land near the bottom of a list of 50 states .	3	Definite
Pop , would go one of the eight-inch guns ; a small flame would dart and vanish , a little white smoke would disappear , a tiny projectile would give a feeble screech – and nothing happened .	6	Definite
It 's really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in one place and I want to spread the word .	21	Definite
They shut the owl in the paint locker while they debated what to do with it , and in the night John set it free .	5	Definite
By comparison , outdoor cats have a life expectancy of 3 - 7 years depending on how many predators are in the local environment .	21	Definite
With the US military presence posing a threat on their borders in both Iraq and Afghanistan , Iran ’s moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise Karzai so that the US presence in Afghanistan is reduced .	29	Definite
The most fundamental human right , after the necessities of food , clothing and shelter , is the right to affection and the supportive love of other human beings .	0	Definite
With the price caps gone , the generators filed paperwork with federal regulators justifying higher costs .	1	Definite
and it seems this is the FIRST site of ragnarok 2 hahaha since the site is new send me your suggestions and comments	5	Definite
Yep , unless you 're a coroner or some sort of crazy spy / criminologist you probably do n't have this stuff lying around the house ( hopefully not ... ) .	5	Indefinite
Your life might take on an entirely new direction you 've never dreamed of .	5	Indefinite
The play was very good and I think well received .	0	Definite
8 - Number of members of the US Senate and House of Representatives who have a child serving in the military .	15	Indefinite
The Debaathification Commission had been pushed by Ahmad Chalabi and his Iraqi National Congress very hard , and had pushed many Sunni Arabs into the arms of the guerrillas .	0	Definite
No doubt much of what our citizens experience as noise does not fall within the competence of the Union .	14	Definite
The Arab Revolt which began in 1916 turned the tide against the Ottomans on the Middle Eastern front , where they initially seemed to have the upper hand during the first two years of the war .	8	Definite
Sports in the United States largely reaffirm existing relations of power in society .	2	Definite
At just 20 , she is a strong voice against bullying and a positive one in helping girls embrace their own standards of beauty .	12	Indefinite
Anyway , you do n't have a choice on how you get there , unless you happen to own an aeroplane .	6	Indefinite
We see the base of the food chain , the plankton , the small things , and we see how those animals are food to animals in the middle of the pyramid , and on so up this diagram .	5	Definite
We need to change the Prod Description fro the LME Product .	4	Definite
Either change the ConnectionFile property of the page to point to a different connection file , or edit the connection file in a text editor .	11	Indefinite
Despite being the number one distributor of equipment and textiles worldwide , the German company was in financial trouble .	2	Definite
An examination of the ramifications of such an attack is desperately in order .	7	Indefinite
Next to the door was a tall wrought-iron candle holder — the kind that stood at either end of the altar .	5	Indefinite
I believe that there might be a sign - flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue .	6	Indefinite
Two vaunted economists - one a Nobel Prize winner and the other a nationally renowned budget expert - have analyzed the data at hand and put a price tag on the Iraq occupation .	30	Definite
If I had to take over the English-language services tomorrow , you know what I 'd have to do it with a bunch of Lambala and speakers from the vernacular sections and some refugee school-teachers from South Africa .	6	Definite
In 1606 the name of William 's daughter Susanna appears on a list of those who failed to attend Easter communion in Stratford .	2	Definite
A strategy that might prove helpful is to consider how fortunate you are that life has been good to you so far .	0	Indefinite
" That is certainly the assumption on which the London market has been built and the line that successive governments have peddled .	4	Definite
As a young man , he had published several books of poetry , had written plays , critical essays , and had worked on a number of long translations .	24	Indefinite
One of the Wesley boys wrote the hymn .	6	Definite
The advisor kept me up to date and informed on the progress of my vehicle .	10	Definite
I would suggest going for tribal Sheikhs rather than clerics , since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any Ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority .	14	Definite
In the following year , 1977 , he received the distinction of the American Friendship Medal for the friendly position of his press toward the USA .	17	Definite
The viewing experience of art is a complex one , involving issues of perception , attention , memory , decision-making , affect , and emotion .	6	Indefinite
She worked with us for over a year , helping us find our perfect home .	6	Indefinite
This right to love and form a family is so fundamental that our United States Constitution takes it for granted in its dedication to " secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity . ”	26	Definite
Stop trying to pawn your brats off on others to " get a break " .	12	Indefinite
It set the basis for integration where the economic and judicial mechanisms of the state could be applied throughout the Mediterranean as was once done from Latium into all Italy .	19	Definite
After you are elected in 2004 , what will your memoirs say about you , what will the title be , and what will the main theme say ?	24	Definite
You may find a normal budget hotel for Rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned , the links below may help you to find good hotels in Delhi and Agra .	3	Indefinite
Exhausted , stomach rumbling , mind spinning over the same unanswerable questions , Harry fell into an uneasy sleep .	16	Indefinite
It appears this guy is going to bring stability to the country and I think that 's good news for the subcontinent . "	20	Definite
For starters , the common funds are meager , with no prospect of being increased – not least because of Germany 's unrelenting opposition .	3	Definite
PLEASE DO N'T USE THIS MOVING COMPANY IF YOU DO N'T WANT TO : CRY , HAVE TROUBLE AND A BAD EXPERIENCE ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE .	19	Indefinite
As you know , we are in the process of transferring recordkeeping services from NTRC to Hewitt .	7	Definite
Although the lodging and facilities may not be the same as more modern and developed locations , Socotra is a beautiful and magnificent destination choice .	1	Definite
Price increases will cause a dramatic reduction in American real incomes .	4	Indefinite
Eyes closing , she leans in for the kiss .	7	Definite
The lower the reins , the stronger the action and the lower the reins the stronger the action on the poll too .	16	Definite
Judging by the fact that Draco Malfoy usually had the best of everything , his family were rolling in wizard gold ; he could just see Malfoy strutting around a large manor house .	2	Definite
I knew I had found the real deal , big pies , sold by the slice , with the pizzas sitting under the glass in the front .	25	Definite
I have written a lot recently about healing the self so today here are a few words on healing our collective body , mind and soul .	3	Indefinite
To buy into Putin 's sham federalism is to accept the lies that the Kremlin has been spewing about Ukraine 's current interim government and the brave men and women who ousted Yanukovych .	13	Definite
He reshaped each plot to create several centres of interest and to show as many sides of a narrative to the audience as possible .	20	Definite
An investor with average luck and £ 10,000 in bonds could expect to receive £ 125 in prizes per year .	0	Indefinite
Go there on christian holidays for a bit of churchy grandure .	6	Indefinite
A great philosopher once said , muttered Quinn , that the way up and the way down are one and the same .	14	Definite
The Museum of Flight in Seattle , Washington was also proposed as another location for a shuttle , going so far as to build a new building to house an orbiter .	29	Indefinite
Using the Save As command on the File menu will save a data access page that is similar in appearance and functionality to the original report .	6	Definite
One expects a bump from the booming real estate market and increasing federal expenditures .	2	Indefinite
Or how about visiting the Chicago Botanical Gardens and see the change of colors and enjoy the air , They also have many inside exhibits you might enjoy , food is pretty good to .	10	Definite
His father , born Bernard - François , was one of eleven children from a poor family in Tarn , a region in the south of France .	14	Indefinite
The issuing of coinage is predominantly numismatic in nature , with the intention of being sold mainly to collectors .	0	Definite
Bush demoted Dick Clarke , among the most vocal and focused of the al - Qaeda experts , from his cabinet .	12	Definite
Each evening you will get a ' magazine ' called The Navigator which lists all of the activities for the next day .	16	Definite
This situation may reflect organisational rather than structural situations and an effort to balance it is currently under way .	10	Indefinite
Critic Richard Lehan says that " Balzac was the bridge between the comic realism of Dickens and the naturalism of Zola . "	8	Definite
After that point , al - Qaeda was a joint enterprise between the Egyptian extremists and the polyglot Arabs around Bin Laden , only some of whom were Saudi .	16	Definite
News of police response to a boy 's digital clock in Texas last week has inspired a global social movement in support of the youth .	16	Indefinite
We might be mistaken in using the gross domestic product per inhabitant as the sole indicator .	6	Definite
If you move the line to the right , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line to the right remains constant , and the perpendicular line to the left of the moving line lengthens .	31	Definite
the title of the Work if supplied ;	3	Definite
I know it seems like a stretch , but the market for hourly traders is very strong right now .	9	Definite
These work only on a single line of sight , so you need to know the exact path the mice are taking .	18	Definite
" The artist of the Comédie Humaine , " he wrote , " is half smothered by the historian .	4	Definite
The original people of the islands are the Moriori , who were descended from the Maori of mainland New Zealand , but who developed their own culture and variant of the language .	14	Definite
Of the thousands , Wikinews spoke with a cosplayer going by the name " The Katherinator " .	1	Definite
As far as the EEI goes , the only remaining issue that I 'm aware of ( aside from finalizing the LOC ) is whether we 've finished coordinating the Attachment containing the list of prior transactions .	20	Definite
The # 1 Newsgroup Service in the World !	6	Definite
They had a room with a $ 99 rate , which I booked .	5	Indefinite
From the Airport you can take cab for c. IRR 200,000 to the city centre .	1	Definite
Finally , I should like to say that the policies at the centre of our debate are part of an overall picture .	11	Definite
The plan ca n't be described as a binary , a breakaway , a unilevel , or a forced matrix .	0	Definite
Shiu Ka-chun of the Social Welfare constituency defeated their opponents , hence the pan-democrats ' seats in the functional constituencies increased from 9 to 10 .	17	Definite
These changes , while significant , were concentrated in the elite , and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages .	14	Definite
We would like to pursue an offer to Rick Fehl prior to the next Executive Committee meeting on May 7 , 2001 .	12	Definite
It is the text of a speech given by an Arab gentleman before the advisory board of a large multi-nation corporation .	5	Indefinite
Plus , this region ranks fifth in the nation in number of major cultural resources per one million residents .	7	Definite
Not all the time , but it ca n’t be a laugh a minute .	12	Indefinite
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language .	3	Definite
Her former professor , Koolhaas , described her at graduation as " a planet in her own orbit . "	12	Indefinite
I imagine by the time she 's prepared to trust the baby to Venetia the celebrations 'll be over .	14	Definite
Thanks for the info - a few people from our shop will be in attendance ./	2	Definite
can children go on the Eurostar train on there own to France and where about is the Eurostar located	4	Definite
What 'll happen is that the Styrofoam peanuts will start moving through our society here , and they will accumulate in the drunkest , stingiest people .	5	Definite
[ Note : The interview took place just before the 50000 milestone was met ]	9	Definite
He 's only exhibited weight loss and some muscle atrophy , with the slight toe drag and a bit of trouble with the right lead ( which could or could n't be related ) .	22	Definite
One answer is that the Pentagon prevented the State Department from running the CPA .	7	Definite
Explore which cruise may fit your needs the best .	7	Definite
Hold the chicken with one hand supporting the breast .	7	Definite
The games involve challenges and rules involving the exercise of cognitive functions , especially the working memory , attention and capacity of solving problems .	7	Definite
For the last few years there have been tensions with Iran ’s nuclear program with word coming this week that a deal was reached through the European Union that meets with the approval of the International Atomic Energy Agency .	1	Definite
Use socks without the stickies on the bottom , so you can turn !	6	Definite
Turn up your sound a bit .	4	Indefinite
The direction of saccades is determined by an interaction between the goals of the observer and the physical properties of the different elements of the scene ( e.g. colour , texture , brightness etc ) .	10	Definite
The result indicates significant improvement in the performance of the sustained attention in the test , as well as a high dispersion , which reveals a variation in relation to the performance .	6	Definite
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking to recreate Mohammed 's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on Egyptian leaders .	2	Definite
We can not accept that situation . The first reading provided a remedy .	7	Definite
A significantly higher cost which clearly exceeds the average of the countries that adopt the single currency , which is equal to 1,365 euros per litre .	14	Definite
Acquiring open source talent gives a company an inexpensive way of influencing and anticipating the direction an open source project will go .	14	Definite
However the CBD is closed of to the public as a lot of it is still rubble and stuff and has n't been cleared away yet .	7	Definite
You add the water and put water conditioner into the water .	2	Definite
The consistory court of the Diocese of Worcester issued a marriage licence on 27 November 1582 .	0	Definite
Will businesses that were new in 2005 have become a household name due to their efforts in rebuilding the gulf coast ?	9	Indefinite
If they think you 've taken a soda from your room home with you , they will charge you $ 1.50 per can .	6	Indefinite
The government did NOT fall .	0	Definite
The Transaction is for hot rolled steel with a thickness of 1 " and a width of 72 inches .	8	Indefinite
The 69 year old Dr. Lopez was found guilty and was summarily hung and quartered on June 7 , 1594 at Tyburn .	0	Definite
He has also had to pay the £ 15 each up front so woul d be grateful if you could get the cash to him as soon as poss ible .	6	Definite
Motion was of the essence , the act of putting one foot in front of the other and allowing himself to follow the drift of his own body .	3	Definite
are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday ?	4	Definite
( That was in 2002 , the year before the invasion of Iraq . )	9	Definite
I just got a call from Dave and Frank and they tell me I have a whole week this time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade Australian financial power .	22	Definite
But there is a way of looking at a halter that would provoke the most charitable of saints into a kick .	19	Indefinite
" The American Minister at Damascus decided to encourage a military coup-d'etat , so that Syria might enjoy democracy , " Kedourie writes .	9	Indefinite
In every case , it will require African policymakers to start recognizing women farmers as the essential economic partners that they are .	15	Definite
* Preserves a rate differential between the Redwood and Baja paths , although somewhat less than the current differential . *	2	Indefinite
This means that I could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely , because it would have expired and disappeared by the time I returned .	15	Indefinite
The situation in Iraq is only going to get better this way .	0	Definite
Make sure that the garden bed is in the shade .	8	Definite
Afshari , who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war , said that when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their education system , the Mujahedeen refused .	15	Definite
I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions ( first Argentina ) and thought your expertise would be very helpful .	8	Definite
For a man so skilled in the art of disguise , darkening his skin and donning the clothes of a Moor could not have been very difficult .	16	Definite
Minister of Education Stefania Giannini said a " more general reflection " ( ( it ) ) is needed .	6	Indefinite
The next 5 companies were my responsibility while in EBS , and did not get assigned during the reorg .	17	Definite
My dental surgeon , Dr. Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established .	17	Definite
Then , tackle the most important ones before looking back at the smaller things to do .	3	Definite
Xinhua reports that a wide range of Iraqi political forces on Tuesday condemned Sharon 's murder of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , a religious leader of Hamas , the day before .	3	Indefinite
On the other hand , the US should strong - arm India and Pakistan into a final settlement of the Kashmir issue .	5	Definite
I must say , I was impressed with the size of the bar area and lounge , & I liked that you could see the brewery right thru the glass !	28	Definite
In addition , we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer .	6	Definite
And this litttle gem of a 7 - table restaurant is a complete and utterly wonderful surprise .	11	Indefinite
The dancers were falling back round a Polish agriculturalist who was teaching a gangling Englishman and two young Africans an Eastern European peasant dance .	12	Indefinite
Save yourself the trouble and skip this place all together .	2	Definite
3 ) also want an island where I can do fun activities , rainforest is a must	15	Indefinite
the economy is down and when enron collapses , the energy industry is going to be in a world of hurt .	17	Indefinite
I began to distinguish the gleam of eyes under the trees .	4	Definite
The reasons for this relationship are not easy to establish definitively , and the authors ' conclusions are controversial .	0	Definite
My waiter was so excellent I gave him a 75 % tip , and it was worht every penny ..	8	Indefinite
Subforms and subreports on a form or report are not converted when you carry out the Save As command .	4	Indefinite
Therefore , the Commission should address the issue once and for all .	6	Definite
Secondly , the origin rules applicable to imports to third countries from the Community are still based on individual Member States .	12	Definite
I have spent the afternoon looking around from menu to menu ...	3	Definite
It called a " ploy " the assertaion that the attack was merely on foreign fighters at Fallujah .	2	Indefinite
wikiHow is a wiki-based site which aims to " build the world 's largest , highest quality how-to manual . "	2	Indefinite
Why would anybody want to start a city in the middle of a desert ?	12	Indefinite
Following the Board meeting on Wednesday , you are invited to join with members of the DISCO Forum for a Wednesday evening reception and dinner , including a guest speaker .	15	Definite
Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under John 's name ( if so , to whom will the letter be sent ) ?	8	Indefinite
Also notice the entity &amp;apos; which will be transformed to an apostrophe when the data is imported by the receiving application .	2	Definite
You will see in the image if there is dirt as that will be the only thing in focus	14	Definite
Although not a resolver of the conflict , the French victory at the Battle of Marengo forced the Austrians to give Italy up for the second time .	17	Definite
If you do not receive the Republican nomination , would you consider running as a third party candidate ?	5	Definite
One answer is that the Pentagon prevented the State Department from running the CPA .	4	Definite
I mean there ’s certainly signs of it , and in the United States too , in fact we had a sit down strike in the United States not long ago , which is a very militant labor action .	25	Definite
XML is a data interchange format in that it allows you to exchange data between dissimilar systems or applications .	2	Indefinite
China is furious that Japan has outbid it in their battle to determine the route of the pipeline that Russia intends to build to the Far East .	24	Definite
Edwards is a strong supporter of Israel , and believes that the U.S. has a vital role in promoting peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians . "	21	Definite
Because when you look historically , at the development of humanity , most of our lives we are living on the land .	7	Definite
The Commission set out the basic ideas for the protection of the euro in a Communication it published as early as 1998 [ 1 ] .	11	Definite
The new fixed price deal with Equistar is # 365013 .	0	Definite
Athens today is ever evolving , forging a brand new identity for the 21st century .	12	Definite
63 - Percentage of oil the United States imported in 2003 , a record high .	12	Indefinite
They do make a host of florescent proteins , and these may interact with the light of the ROV to give that gorgeous glow .	3	Indefinite
Extensible Markup Language ( XML ) is the standard language for describing and delivering data on the Web , just as Hypertext Markup Language ( HTML ) is the standard language for creating and displaying Web pages .	16	Definite
All I 'm saying , do n't wear the sufferings of the past round your necks .	11	Definite
So , the prospect of fungi existing on other planets elsewhere , I think , is a forgone conclusion ;	2	Definite
I have participated in all the weekend beta events and the world preview .	10	Definite
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID .	12	Definite
The submarine incident was put down to a " technical error " by the Chinese government , which apologised to Japan .	13	Definite
And if a tree was not a tree , he wondered what it really was .	2	Indefinite
The light from the door made the shadows under the bleachers darker , the long space stretched far away .	9	Definite
The children can be checked in and checked out in a safe way at many activities so you can have a bit of free time without the little ones .	20	Indefinite
The owner was VERY rude , accused me of not reading my contract , and basically told me to shut up when I was trying to ask questions to further understand the process of canceling my membership .	31	Definite
The following illustration shows a PivotTable list on the Orders data access page .	8	Definite
Preheat the oven to 160 oC / 315 oF .	1	Definite
( 8 ) This Directive seeks to achieve a high level of protection for the environment by reducing the potential environmental impact of EUPs , which will ultimately be beneficial to consumers and other end - users .	18	Definite
Dave is a patient and methodical teacher , who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students ' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take .	10	Indefinite
Zola indicated that , whereas Romantics saw the world through a colored lens , the naturalist sees through a clear glass - precisely the sort of effect Balzac attempted to achieve in his works .	14	Definite
" However , the full fuselage trainer , that every astronaut including [ former Museum of Flight CEO ] Bonnie Dunbar has been trained on , will soon call the Museum of Flight home .	3	Definite
If you want a CD copy of this web site , give me a yell .	13	Indefinite
The premise with which the administartion is acting is that if they expeditiously suspend everyone 's right to bilateral contracts quickly , it sets up a barrier which the direct access coalition must break through .	0	Definite
" Hoping that the #istandwithahmed movement translates into a substantive national conversation on race , punishment , and incarceration . "	3	Definite
if you do have a male but they are not in the same cage or breeding but you touch him then her she will smell his sent and probably lay eggs .	11	Definite
The mangers also play a classic movies on Sundays , you can get a beer in the lobby , and repeat customers can get discounts if they have a member card .	4	Indefinite
The second Apulian and Calabrian Royal Region was then established , also including Samnium , parts of Molise and the oriental Basilicata .	19	Definite
You have no idea how effective such a ... a ... faculty can be .	9	Indefinite
We feel that the Internet provides an effective way of avoiding that stranglehold .	6	Indefinite
Neiafu is the official port of entry for yachts coming to Vava'u , which attracts over 500 yachts every winter sailing season between June and October .	2	Definite
We look forward to your active participation to make this forum an exciting meeting place for like minded individuals .	11	Indefinite
There are some very clear examples of this in the recitals .	9	Definite
Too bad they were out of the Chocolate Lava Cake .	6	Definite
He 'll set up a real tour of the area for you , not some tourist fantasy .	4	Indefinite
It 's also got the website where the song has been uploaded .	4	Definite
His eyes , of the usual blue , were perhaps remarkably cold , and he certainly could make his glance fall on one as trenchant and heavy as an axe .	28	Indefinite
With a crack like a whip , Dobby vanished .	4	Indefinite
They have ideas but they can not formulate them in the right way .	10	Definite
Although there is nothing illegal about the generators acting together to lobby against price caps , Dunn believes the letters and other actions around the same time showed clear coordination among energy officials .	6	Definite
Disney cruises offer 24 - hour room services , and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like .	10	Definite
And then you say you wo n’t commit a mistake , so you ’ll commit new mistakes .	8	Indefinite
However if there is a high level of sodium chloride ( common salt ) that can break down the chorion ( shell ) around the egg and allow critters to get in and eat the yoke and embryo . )	4	Indefinite
There are a couple decent people working there , but the rest are VERY dishonest , as well as rude , I have yet to hear the truth come out of their mouths .	26	Definite
In light of the CA regarding curves , I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information .	3	Definite
Like The Two Gentlemen of Verona , in which two friends appear to approve of rape , the Shrew 's story of the taming of a woman 's independent spirit by a man sometimes troubles modern critics and directors .	31	Indefinite
This was heavily promoted by the Australasian Radiation Protection Society in a press release titled THE MYTHS OF CHERNOBYL which contained the following :	15	Definite
Your luggage will be brought to the entrance , if you 'll just give me the tickets ...	15	Definite
Sorry about that , I was working on the Teco O&M costs .	8	Definite
I 'm looking for a camera that has really good zoom during a video and pictures ; and good quality pictures / videos	4	Indefinite
Where it risks fighting dual Sunni Arab and Shiite insurgencies simultaneously , at a time when US troops are rotating on a massive scale and hoping to downsize their forces in country ?	21	Indefinite
The car was approaching , was carrying him through the market quarter of the town .	9	Definite
Opening night , January 23 , 2014 , of the Andy Warhol exhibit of Polaroids and screen prints at the University of Southern Indiana .	19	Definite
Comments Log in to add a comment	5	Indefinite
Today , European leaders are indulging in triumphalism , viewing the current economic reprieve as a validation of failed transnational governance structures .	10	Definite
The model does not include the effect of rising carbon dioxide concentration , which has complex and potentially offsetting impacts on global food supply .	0	Definite
11 . In Events of Default , clause ( a ) refers to a dispute section which I 'm not sure exists .	13	Indefinite
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1 - 2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything .	8	Indefinite
1560 Ruy Lopez visits Rome and defeats all the players .	8	Definite
A FAQ on the Azzam Publications website explained that " In the Hearts of Green Birds " refers to what is inside .	0	Indefinite
Islamic Jihad has refused to recognized the cease fire , and hopes to turn the Gaza strip " into a vast battlefield . "	14	Definite
" Loving " opens with Richard and Mildred already a couple , eliding over a courtship that would have been interesting to see , if only in brief .	9	Indefinite
My understanding was that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC 's online profile in order for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC 's peak load periods .	27	Definite
A few days ago he was in that house , packing to leave in the flat progression of practical matters by which decision is broken up into reality .	14	Definite
Using a sample of 20 developed countries , they find a negative correlation between the financial sector 's share of GDP and the health of the real economy .	22	Definite
Against the pallor of his skin , the flaxen thinness of his hair , the effect was almost transparent , as though one could see through to the blue veins behind the skin of his face .	31	Definite
This is now my fourth week and I have made a total of $ 42,000.00 and it 's still coming rapidly .	10	Indefinite
In the outer group level , the header section contains fields from the Orders table and the footer section contains a calculated total control named OrderValue .	1	Definite
And then the horror of it all hit me and I said , “ Sonia , up ! ”	2	Definite
Nida retired in the early 1980s , although he continued to give lectures in universities all around the world , and lived in Alpine , Arizona , USA ; Madrid , Spain and Brussels , Belgium .	3	Definite
Members of the Sea Org live a strict lifestyle – with little income , small diet provided and significant time invested in work per day .	2	Definite
At some point during the year , you could pick up a financial windfall , hear of a great career opportunity , or unexpectedly meet the love of your life .	11	Indefinite
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas as a location .	13	Definite
In light of the CA regarding curves , I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information .	3	Definite
A narrow road , and on the slopes acres and acres of stone .	0	Indefinite
Then the first woman spoke again : the number was busy .	7	Definite
He obtains these things , but loses the ability to manage them .	7	Definite
Do n't know the economics of Fujairah but Dubai is basically bankrupt so you would n't want to end up like them !	3	Definite
The only product of any significance is canned tomatoes , but even they account for no more than 7 -% of the market .	0	Definite
As such , we will distribute net shares calculating the proper withholding at fair market value the day prior to notifying the transfer agent .	9	Definite
There is nothing phony , however , about the efforts we Ukrainians are now making to defend our country and our democracy .	8	Definite
AND they 're usually able to help you as a walk - in , and they 're fast .	9	Indefinite
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	22	Definite
You will never be so spoiled in your life as you are on a Disney Cruise .	13	Indefinite
Should n't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative ( representing positive liquidation ) for the puts ?	21	Definite
Pan-democracy camp councillor Wu Chi-wai of the Democratic Party was elected .	6	Definite
These are the kids who will destroy society , because of the crapfest the American family has become under the post hippie culture , you heard again .	13	Definite
political costs of the war ?	3	Definite
About enabling the System Administrator ( SA ) user name in an Access project	2	Definite
UCAN 's executive director and the attorney team will be available to answer questions about the complaint .	5	Definite
I have a few how to videos for DIY 35 mm film in a 120 camera on my YouTube channel :	2	Indefinite
It 's a book of opening , Overtures I called it , and there is no end to the stories .	2	Indefinite
Agriculture only provides 5.5 % of employment in the Union .	8	Definite
And what about the parties in what , in historical rights ?	3	Definite
Since fort lee is situated in such a convenient area for those commuting to and from the city , there is often high traffic and congestion on the roads .	27	Definite
Its light was dim , and a heavy writing-desk squatted in the middle .	11	Definite
The Hong Kong government , which is led by pro-Beijing lawmakers , have argued that the pair should not take office .	0	Definite
Az - Zaman : The Association of Muslim Scholars forbade Iraqis to participate in the attack on Fallujah with the Americans .	14	Definite
long lines on the weekends but worth it	3	Definite
Is that a money maker ?	2	Indefinite
3 . Is there any cheap way to give it a shine like I made it in a kiln ?	17	Indefinite
You do , however , have the option of purchasing Facebook credits , which can be used to send gifts or to purchase items on applications or games .	6	Definite
He would arrive early , never later than seven o'clock and sit there with a take-out coffee , a buttered roll , and an open newspaper on his lap , watching the glass door of the hotel .	35	Definite
It was complete chaos , " Kioka Williams told the Associated Press news agency .	9	Definite
A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated : will NBC have its best sports broadcasters following the event after having worked the Winter Olympics ?	26	Definite
Fort Lee is a city in Bergen County .	3	Indefinite
Former Russian bioweaponeer Ken Alibek has said that a key Russian scientist assisted Iraq and that Russia had the Ames strain .	8	Indefinite
It ’s limitless , and you ’ll see that the GNP of Israel is very close to the Saudis ’ .	9	Definite
Respondents were asked to indicate their race from among the following categories : White ; Black or African American ; Hispanic ; American Indian or Native American ; and Asian or Pacific Islander .	9	Definite
turn the modem off and see if the sound is still there ... could be static on the line ... if the sound is still there with the modem off then the problem is NOT the DSL ....	35	Definite
There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value .	9	Definite
eHow was and continues to be the largest and how to website in the world .	6	Definite
And a bunch of them had called and they said , " Wow . "	1	Indefinite
This tug - of - war over calculating economic values is the one that ultimately will have to be decided by humans , because animals and plants can adjust only so much .	11	Definite
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair ( she only wanted one , however ) .	3	Definite
Shakespeare combined the two throughout his career , with Romeo and Juliet perhaps the best example of the mixing of the styles .	20	Definite
Heald noted the findings show pollution reduction is also important .	2	Definite
" Balzac 's use of repeating characters , moving in and out of the Comédie 's books , strengthens the realist representation .	13	Definite
The inscription on it was fading away , so I should set it down here as it was then , and ask my readers to ponder it :	0	Definite
If you select controls of different types , Microsoft Access displays only the properties that are shared by the group in the property sheet .	18	Definite
What an amazing find - this restaurant is a GEM .	1	Indefinite
A barn owl is the best .	0	Indefinite
Add 2 cups of liquid and 1/2 teaspoon of salt into the rice cooker .	11	Definite
' What a frightful row , ' he said .	2	Indefinite
The last I checked , the Satanists have a long way to go to catch up with the death and destruction dealt out by self - proclaimed ( though false ) Christians .	5	Definite
One thing that does n't show up in the attachment is the swap eligibility issue .	11	Definite
To promote one of the most trivial interests we have , thousands of animals are tormented for their whole lives . "	4	Definite
A common way to play is to make the snitch a person , and give the snitch a head start to run and hide in defined boundaries .	8	Definite
Has the disaster affected the way other countries view the US ?	4	Definite
Excellent chefs are in the kitchen preparing memorable breakfasts .	4	Definite
Go to the website for coupons and join the club - you can get free parking .	2	Definite
Similarly , the dot-com bubble that preceded this period was marked by innovation – Web sites through which one could order dog food and soft drinks online .	2	Definite
Remember when a whole lot of people had to die because a Swedish newspaper printed those cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed ?	2	Indefinite
I shall also refer the matter to the College of Quaestors , and I am certain that they will be keen to ensure that we comply with the regulations we ourselves vote on .	4	Definite
White men with long staves in their hands appeared languidly from amongst the buildings , strolling up to take a look at me , and then retired out of sight somewhere .	12	Definite
I 'll get you the announcement .	4	Definite
The Earth was struck by an asteroid , a huge amount of debris was jettisoned into the atmosphere .	8	Indefinite
The Mosquito Menace .	0	Definite
I had a white companion too , not a bad chap , but rather too fleshy and with the exasperating habit of fainting on the hot hillsides , miles away from the least bit of shade and water .	8	Indefinite
The lowest bed here is better than my last salon s highest level .	0	Definite
The fries are of good quality , the staff is friendly .	0	Definite
This , as well as the deficiencies in the networks of infrastructures and services and a generally very low level of employment , which furthermore is seasonal and lacks diversity , exacerbates the exodus from rural areas .	5	Definite
Village of Lepers houses facing the wall Zion .	5	Definite
None , just walk in to the service office and present all the identification you have to prove your identity .	6	Definite
“ Nonetheless , ” the traveler said , and she walked out .	4	Definite
In a highly significant move Afghan Pashtun tribes along the Pakistan border warned the Taliban in Quetta and Chaman that if they try and disrupt the elections , they would be resisted .	9	Definite
He was deposited in an office on the 33rd floor where a pricy church lawyer interrogated him for two hours . "	4	Indefinite
Perhaps there is a certain Vautrin-admiring romanticism in this .	3	Indefinite
Managing POS counter without barcoding was really a tough time .	7	Indefinite
The bird was gone ; he knew , almost as if the breath 's weight of claws had pressed down the roof and now the pressure was released .	11	Definite
Does Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version ?	4	Definite
Historically important and economically crucial for these islands today , Port Hutt is the ideal location for a short browse around and a mecca for those photography buffs [ 2 ] .	17	Indefinite
A young black man with sunglasses and a thick , springy mat of hair shaped to a crew-cut by topiary rather than barbering had cut through the crowd with the encircling movement of authority .	16	Indefinite
Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer , or should this be more generic ?	5	Indefinite
After I discovered a rich seam of internet discussion on the subject , my list had grown inordinately long and covered almost every state in the union .	25	Definite
A major part of Wales , as you know , has been granted Objective 1 status under the Structural Funds programme .	0	Indefinite
The new TW Hotline was implemented Monday which included customer notification in the form of a Popup message in TMS and a Critical Notice which sent an Email .	0	Definite
We 're in the process of developing a strategy to take us through the next few months .	13	Definite
Republicans captured the Senate for the first time since 1952 , and gained 34 House seats , but the Democrats retained a majority .	18	Definite
We would be glad to provide the same documents in an earlier version of Word , upon request by individual Parties .	6	Definite
I agree with what the concern is below .	4	Definite
Many Iraqis , including conservative and religious Iraqis , are surprisingly rooting for the Iraqi Communist party , probably in an attempt to counter the influence of Islamists in the forthcoming National Assembly .	13	Definite
the difference is that when a bomb goes off in a West End restaurant the fundamental right of England to exist is not in dispute .	14	Definite
They also have the best tea I ever had , not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores , I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .	34	Definite
Their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive .	6	Definite
In the back of the paper ?	1	Definite
As it moves over land , it is cut off from the source of energy driving the storm [ which is ] the evaporation of water from the warm sea surface ;	16	Definite
Nida then sets forth the differences in translation , as he would account for it , within three basic factors :	4	Definite
He had never mentioned his Gringotts bank account to the Dursleys ; he did n't think their horror of anything connected with magic would stretch to a large pile of gold .	9	Definite
The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter , the president of the Independent System Operator , acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .	12	Definite
The editors punch it up over the last couple of days and then it goes out over the Internet and into the print edition .	6	Definite
( The House rose and observed a minute 's silence ) .	6	Indefinite
She was the first woman to receive the Pritzker Architecture Prize , in 2004 .	7	Definite
The punishment for suicide murder should be death or arrest before the murder , not during and not after .	11	Definite
As a result , north of the Andaman Islands , Bangladeshi coastal areas have become a nest of terrorists involved in the shipment of drugs and arms .	15	Indefinite
He reigned only fifteen years , which is evidenced by the incomplete nature of many of his constructions .	10	Definite
The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mother s father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that 's a common misconception ( http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm ) .	18	Definite
As it stands , MKM and I will probably bring it up with Sommer in OK City and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers .	26	Definite
I got a coupon from Pennysaver for this station .	2	Indefinite
Prepare to mount the laser sight onto the rail on the wang .	10	Definite
The followup visit is FREE !!	0	Definite
The second and third problems remain huge analytical mistakes .	0	Definite
For the slow scenic route from Northeast or Southwest come in on old Route 66 .	1	Definite
How to Tell a Joke	3	Indefinite
The other ethicities were n't well represented in politics yet -- or rather , they were just breaking the color barrier in the 70's due largely to the more open - minded hippy generation .	0	Definite
I think Darfur is , again , the last , or among the last battles between old and new .	7	Definite
From the Southeast / Arkansas - The " Muskogee Turnpike . "	6	Definite
And , together we formed this thing , it 's sort of like an entertainment team .	13	Indefinite
Now to the poverty stricken and the racial issue ...	2	Definite
The company has developed a unique and innovative delivery mechanism for nutritional products .	0	Definite
Will USB cell phone chargers still charge even if they 're hooked up to a computer that is turned off ?	14	Indefinite
Mike one of owners was awesome , he explained the detailed plan , and executed on time , I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .	34	Definite
I am a music junkie that grew up in the 80's , and my dad worked for a record label in the 1960's .	2	Indefinite
The room was supposed to be on the 2nd floor , but they put us on the 3rd .	7	Definite
It is particularly important in the light of reports in the media that Europe is rapidly losing ground to the US in the hi-tech growth industries of the future .	10	Definite
We look to the Commission to deal with points in relation to additionality .	3	Definite
( 16 ) Priority should be given to alternative courses of action such as self-regulation by the industry where such action is likely to deliver the policy objectives faster or in a less costly manner than mandatory requirements .	31	Indefinite
Then , as you work through your day , check off each of the items on your list .	13	Definite
When you copy an exterior line , the new line is located halfway between the line you copied and the nearest line parallel to the line you copied .	14	Definite
Myanmar is mainly Buddhist and the United Nations rates the Rohingya among the world 's most persecuted groups .	9	Definite
Emails from Zawahiri to Atef in the Spring of 1999 indicate that Ayman was a close student of the USAMRIID anthrax program .	14	Indefinite
They need to update the locker rooms ASAP .	4	Definite
of course , it was only in the wizarding world that he had money ; you could n't use Galleons , Sickles , and Knuts in Muggle shops .	7	Definite
rumor has feb 05 on the calender .	5	Definite
In 1947 , large scale deep sea fishing was introduced to Coron , and the town experienced another boom , a fishing boom .	20	Indefinite
If anyone wants the complete article , email me , as it is a very good article which no meat - eater can read and not sense their own hypocrisy .	13	Indefinite
I met him last week at the meeting of the Science and Industry Advance with Mathematics society at the University of Houston .	9	Definite
He was a big supporter of You Know Who .	2	Indefinite
Nevertheless , his keen insight regarding working-class conditions earned him the esteem of many Socialists and Marxists .	10	Definite
Ballet began in royal courts in the early 1600's , and early forms of this elegant and sophisticated art involved long skirts and wooden clogs .	6	Definite
" Hamas remains targeted by Israel , as in the past , and the Israeli occupation does not need excuses to pursue its aggression .	13	Definite
-- The return to flight activities for the Shuttle program are funded at $ 4.319 billion , the requested level from the Administration .	1	Definite
Recently or when you were a child ?	5	Indefinite
This development is in line with the recommendation of the evaluator , while the organisation of more technical seminars is also being promoted .	13	Definite
What you can learn from the below ' bad experience ' .	5	Definite
WHEN YOU FIRST COME IN THE HOSTESS IS NOT VERY FRIENDLY , THERE IS JUST A BUNCH OF WORKERS STANDING THERE .	5	Definite
Last year was an incredible year and I ’m ready for us to come back even better in 2017 .	3	Indefinite
We regret this and reaffirm our commitment to inform Parliament of all important agency decisions that have a financial impact .	17	Indefinite
He does not keep a civilized face .	4	Indefinite
Later the Odara woman sang the new national anthem in a beautiful contralto , her big belly trembling under the robe .	1	Definite
We will be making the Wyndham rooms available to members of the DISCO Forum on July 20 .	11	Definite
it s for a craft project ..... i want to use it the way u would use icing ....	3	Indefinite
The LibriVox website features a catalog of about a hundred completed books , including books in other languages like German , Hebrew , and Japanese .	0	Definite
The chiro / acupuncturist will be there to evaluate the horse for wobblers which is often caused by spinal compression and can be confused with EPM .	0	Definite
In 1970 Roland Barthes published S / Z , a detailed analysis of Balzac 's story Sarrasine and a key work in structuralist literary criticism .	9	Indefinite
If you 're a chronic procrastinator , you know the pain and stress that comes with putting things off .	3	Indefinite
The interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections , but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 ( or so ) balloting centres .	13	Definite
He walked a hundred yards or so up the road , and , meeting a man on a bicycle , greeted him in the language that had come back to him as he lay in the room .	2	Indefinite
the best way to control these pests is to pick them off the plants by hand .	0	Definite
An incredible number of people in the Arab world believe that September 11 never happened , or was an American provocation or , even better , a Jewish plot .	6	Definite
It is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of George Harrison , who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him .	12	Definite
The moves themselves are relatively straightforward , but the positing , the timing , and the elegance required takes a lifetime of practice .	0	Definite
" We do not believe the suspect has ties to this school , or to the two girls , or specifically to the Abbotsford area , " she said .	15	Definite
In addition to encouraging foreign direct investment , the EU could provide support to train local companies ' managers and help them develop their business strategies , with service providers remunerated by equity stakes or profit - sharing .	8	Definite
We should allocate a piece to Global which would solve the problem of other Cargill people using the line , putting us over the limit , without me knowing ...	10	Definite
But an owl from the island , disturbed by the sparks , flew out to the ship and was discovered next day on the mast .	9	Definite
i had a blast that night .	2	Indefinite
How many samples do you anticipate being found during the course of the project ?	9	Definite
Acquiring open source talent gives a company an inexpensive way of influencing and anticipating the direction an open source project will go .	7	Indefinite
It was , in a curious way , an extension of what he was at the official receptions where many people had little idea who the white stranger was , sitting in a modest place of honour ;	15	Definite
One way to personalize a joke is to change the ending . [ 5 ]	9	Definite
You can then select all the popular promotions from the Other group and create a new custom group that will be captioned Popular .	5	Definite
Controls in the Form , Report , or page footer sections will be placed as unbound controls in the navigation section of the outermost group level .	18	Definite
The contaminants not only attack the undeveloped lungs of the little ones ; they can also lead to long - term impairment in the development of the adolescent brain .	23	Definite
I did an internet search to ascertain how long cats can live , however different sources give wildly different lifespans .	2	Indefinite
You 'd probably be having the cocktail at dessert time , so something sweet ; ice cream or pie .	5	Definite
So yes , I would n't hesitate in recommending the team at Just Autos for easy professional car repairs , Thank you Just Autos for your help .	9	Definite
The crane accident comes just ten days before the beginning of the Hajj , the annual pilgrimage to Mecca , Islam 's holiest site .	0	Definite
Do you have a Facebook Page ?	3	Indefinite
This not only ensures the lifeboats are operational and will work if needed , but makes the crew proficient at launching them .	16	Definite
You can not move a field with custom groups to the detail area .	4	Indefinite
One has only to look at the Russian proposal 's fine print :	6	Definite
Erin Rice and I would like to meet with you to discuss the issues concerning BackWeb before we proceed .	12	Definite
Raw data is on the fisrt tab of the file to the right .	11	Definite
It is also peak tourist season , which means there are far more people just about everywhere but the most remote corners of the island , and prices are at their highest .	23	Definite
Dando pulled ticks off the dog 's neck and burst them under his shoe while he drank and dealt out judgements .	4	Definite
Code in a form or report that can not run from a data access page is imported into the page as a comment block at the end of the document .	28	Definite
At each station , a red - capped guard presides over the platform and a wheel - tapper walks along the train with a hammer , gently knocking the undercarriage .	28	Definite
GOOD NEWS ... I found a web page run by Canadian Immigration Lawyers at http://www.canadavisa.com/canadian-immigration-faq-skilled-workers.html .	5	Indefinite
A wonderful tutoring service for students needing help with elementary - middle school work .	0	Indefinite
Significantly , the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago ( now retired ) , upon being contacted , does not even report that he necessarily sent the only copy of the strain to Ft. Detrick .	33	Definite
A NATO spokesman said : " There 's no tracking mechanism to ensure they do n't fall into the wrong hands .	18	Definite
I have a Saab ... which everything is expensive on and they have been extrememly fair and price a lot lower than any other shop I called .	2	Indefinite
A file format that uses HTML and XML to store the connection information .	10	Definite
This is a busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant , which also must be wonderful - so just ask for what you need , and I 'm sure they will do their best to be hospitable .	2	Indefinite
Parties of American girls come down the slope in their dungarees , with sweaters tied by their sleeves about the waist .	19	Definite
Please find attached the Enron Master Agreement .	3	Definite
The Visitors ' Center provides information on the role of Fort Lee in the War .	7	Definite
The smartphone generation received an app it deserved , where , in the best case scenario , the most idiotic situation received an audience of millions .	0	Definite
The paint becomes exhausted , the city encroaches with its soot , the plaster crumbles within .	12	Definite
Currently , Mercury and Venus is conjunct and the conjunction is being closely aspected by Rahu .	8	Definite
In 1987 , economist Robert Solow – awarded the Nobel Prize for his pioneering work on growth – lamented that " You can see the computer age everywhere but in the productivity statistics .	24	Definite
Will we be valuing / booking a series of monthly call options or a series of daily call options ?	6	Indefinite
Keep swirling the mixture until the Skittles are almost completely dissolved .	5	Definite
Christian Wolmar , who has written a number of books on railway history , will stand in the contest on 1 December .	17	Definite
This is the very best in the Gables .	6	Definite
The only negative I have abou this place is the parking !	0	Definite
In the corner is a girl in a headscarf and jeans who looks so unassuming I think it ’s another assistant .	7	Indefinite
" The Americans would be wise to plan accordingly , " said John E. Pike , director of the Alexandria , Va. - based GlobalSecurity.org , a small national security think tank .	18	Definite
Enron will guarantee delivery by the 20th of each scheduled Dispatch Period and accept supply to the 15th of each scheduled Dispatch Period .	16	Definite
Pebe moved the family to Nashville , Tennessee , in 1991 after securing a new publishing deal for her songwriting .	2	Definite
Talk to your reflection in the mirror .	5	Definite
The husband and wife who run this spot are lovely people .	0	Definite
But , while Marx 's belief that capital and labor were substitutes , not complements , was a mistake in his own age , and for more than a century to follow , it may not be a mistake today .	37	Indefinite
Yuan Shikai , the President of the Republic of China , considered the new republic to be the successor of the Qing .	12	Definite
For example , build a Lego city in the middle of the elevator .	4	Indefinite
The interim Governing Council issued a communique saying , " It is a proof of the emptiness of the Israeli authority and a destruction of the peace endeavors in the region . . .	0	Definite
The rustling might have been mice .	0	Definite
At a time when the Spanish , Thai and other contingents are already committed to leaving , and the UN is reluctant to get involved ?	1	Indefinite
The term renaissance is in essence a modern one that came into currency in the 19th century , in the work of historians such as Jacob Burckhardt .	6	Indefinite
And what is it that has led the Jews to place themselves , after the greatest disaster of their history , in a danger zone ?	22	Indefinite
Like in the case of organized crime , it is crucial that the forces on the offensive be united and it is crucial to reach the top of the crime pyramid .	28	Definite
2 ) Target Israel and encourage the worst elements of the Palestinians by playing on the iron fist policies of the Sharon government .	20	Definite
i want a small indoor pet that my mother will let me have please help	2	Indefinite
In 1593 and 1594 , when the theatres were closed because of plague , Shakespeare published two narrative poems on erotic themes , Venus and Adonis and The Rape of Lucrece .	27	Definite
The attention is the main point made in this study , since it is fundamental to the learning process and be recurring complaint among parents and teachers in schools .	0	Definite
It is also that circle that leads the way in blaming everybody outside the Moslem world , for the miseries of the region .	7	Definite
Still ... . But at the moment it presented itself simply as a confounded nuisance .	12	Indefinite
I always ask leave , in the interests of science , to measure the crania of those going out there , he said .	6	Definite
If this coincides with rising interest rates and a setback in the housing market , American consumers will experience the hardest times since the Great Depression . "	23	Definite
But Bout 's name is n't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives , before it sinks like so many others beneath the media 's frothing triviality .	25	Definite
The media has tended to overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word " domestic " the word includes a US - based , highly - educated supporter of the militant islamists .	21	Indefinite
Most people choose cars , but if headed to a central area , such as Main Street , it is best to drive there , park in a municipal parking lot , and walk around from there .	9	Indefinite
He also designed furniture and houses for the wealthy as well as coins and medals , including the insignia of the Society of the Cincinnati .	7	Definite
Using Alvarez 's dipole antenna to achieve a very high angular resolution , GCA allows ground - based radar operators watching special precision displays to guide a landing airplane to the runway by transmitting verbal commands to the pilot .	30	Definite
Thus , a decline in the number of farmers could produce no outcome other than poverty and widespread beggary .	5	Definite
The staff and the Principal are rediculous , they do n't listen to any input , and they make up rediculous rules ( They banned backpacks , because a teacher TRIPPED OVER a student 's ) .	28	Indefinite
The Congolese band had no idea what music would do , and produced a stomping crescendo ; then one of the Poles played the piano , and Neil Bayley moved in on the drums .	13	Indefinite
Since moving back from college and trying to settle roots in the Village , I have referred to the La Jolla Blue Book for a ton of local numbers .	18	Definite
You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .	21	Definite
" These estimates coincide with the percentages of new condos entering the rental market upon completion , indicating the important role ( domestic ) investors play in the GTA housing market . "	18	Definite
The above applies to the Derivative Work as incorporated in a Collective Work , but this does not require the Collective Work apart from the Derivative Work itself to be made subject to the terms of this License .	10	Indefinite
We share in common the same pathogens .	4	Definite
They went all the way back into town to the flats where the Edwards girl lived ...	9	Definite
Auster opened the door wider and gestured for Quinn to enter the apartment .	2	Definite
Within this meager GDP , the gaps between rich and poor are beyond belief and too many of the rich made their money not by succeeding in business , but by being corrupt rulers .	18	Definite
This is however a very busy shop but there are appointments available & the staff up front will surely make sure you get back in a timely manner .	25	Indefinite
HOWEVER ... that same web page also states that " The current pass mark is 67 .	10	Definite
If the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this leaves a lot to be desired !	6	Definite
In 1997 , the Thai navy reported the interception of a 16 - meter boat after a chase off the Thai port of Ranong , and the confiscation of two tons of weapons and ammunition .	3	Definite
The conclusion is that we must make the case for guidelines to be broad , indicative and flexible to assist our programme managers and fund - users and to get the maximum potential out of our new fields of regeneration .	30	Definite
The beers were good , nice choice of beers as well , and as usual the mussels were great , the place upstairs is a nice addition to the bar downstairs .	0	Definite
Her limbs were weathered and ringed , like the branches of trees in the dry country .	13	Definite
Oakland as a city reflects the amazing diversity of its residents and long history .	5	Definite
$ 44 m - Amount the Bush - Cheney 2000 campaign and the Republican National Committee received in contributions from the fossil fuel , chemical , timber , and mining industries .	20	Definite
Such is the case with actions undertaken in Colombia , for all South American countries and Bulgaria , also including other South - Eastern European countries .	2	Definite
Nonetheless , if the English law had been accepted , the daughters of Luis X , Felipe V and Carlos IV would have had more of a claim to the throne , above their aunt Isabella of France .	29	Definite
Thomas Rymer , for example , condemned Shakespeare for mixing the comic with the tragic .	10	Definite
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Friday 17 December 1999 , and I would like once again to wish you a happy new year in the hope that you enjoyed a pleasant festive period .	6	Definite
The voices of Evelyn , Neil , and the South African flew about the car ;	0	Definite
The sea-reach of the Thames stretched before us like the beginning of an interminable waterway .	9	Definite
She asked for the dinner combo and they gave her two dinner plates instead .	3	Definite
The debris formed a ring around the Earth 's equator and was eventually drawn together by gravity to form the moon .	6	Definite
If you wish to no longer receive invites from your friends , you can use the unsubscribe link in the footer of the email .	19	Definite
Instead he pulled the military off , stopped the bombing of North Vietnam , withdrew from the presidential race , and spent the rest of his term in office trying to surrender to North Vietnam .	16	Definite
It is Iran 's missile armaments that pose the greatest concern for American forces in the Gulf , especially for the US Navy .	15	Definite
Why would anybody want to start a city in the middle of a desert ?	6	Indefinite
" More concerning , " continued the MILNET brief , " is the priority placed on expanding and modernizing its Navy .	12	Definite
Harry and Hermione looked around : sprinting up the crowded street were Ron , Fred , George , Percy and Mr Weasley .	8	Definite
He put the empty bowl back on the floor next to the cat-flap and lay back down on the bed , somehow even hungrier than he had been before the soup .	2	Definite
In 2011 , Blunt was named the ambassadress of the new Yves Saint Laurent fragrance , Opium .	9	Definite
They 're the grand molecular disassemblers of nature - the soil magicians .	9	Definite
It is a starting place to look	2	Indefinite
We need a brief report summarising the experience gained and a clear review .	6	Definite
I can live with these minimum standards , but I would ask the Commission to monitor the situation very carefully .	16	Definite
The state may not favor the convictions of one religious group over another by denying individuals their fundamental right to marry and to have those marriages recognized by civil law .	5	Definite
One of the finest Israeli writers , A B Yehoshua , speaks about this in an excellent book of interviews , Unease in zion , edited by Ehud ben Ezer .	2	Definite
Like the majority of sites in southern Europe , the finding dates back to the early 5th century BC .	9	Definite
The main reason is Google is more accessible to the global community and you can rest assured that it 's not going to go away .	0	Definite
Let us just reflect on the fact that , without a common agricultural policy , there would be no European Union today .	10	Indefinite
Export the data behind forms and reports to an XML file .	8	Indefinite
the risk of losing business is far greater than the risk of a counterparty trying to get their premium back .	12	Indefinite
My boyfriend and I were woken up in the middle of the night at our campsite by drunken kids who 'd arrived around 1:00 am and were drinking at the springs .	11	Definite
Spring festivities include the ever - popular St Patrick ’s Festival .	3	Definite
Then the environment .	1	Definite
The bird was probably balancing on the little porcelain conductor through which the electricity wire led to the light dangling above him .	6	Definite
The Palestinian militant organisation Hamas has announced an end to rocket attacks on Israel from the Gaza Strip after a weekend of escalating violence .	7	Indefinite
A large bag of Skittles candy ( the " movie size " bag )	7	Definite
And outside , the silent wilderness surrounding this cleared speck on the earth struck me as something great and invincible , like evil or truth , waiting patiently for the passing away of this fantastic invasion .	29	Definite
Agel is a new company and is uniquely positioned to be the next giant in the network marketing industry .	11	Definite
Sufaat was a member of Al Qaeda and a member of Jemaah Islamiah ( " JI " ) .	2	Indefinite
I called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told " This is a Days Inn , not the Hilton " and the receptionist then hung up on me .	29	Definite
Call to discuss the response to the Trustee 's settlement offer .	3	Definite
It was a cubist piece from the 1920s and I believe you called the technique a " push wa " ( pronunciation Vs an attempt at the proper spelling ) .	15	Indefinite
It was the fault of the parts supplier , and can we imagine how he felt having to put another 2 hours of work in the car .	5	Definite
The other Canadian recipient of the medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford , 42 , of Hamilton , who was killed Aug. 4 , 2002 , while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife .	5	Definite
From the Southwest / Oklahoma City - I-44 East , aka the " Turner Turnpike . "	11	Definite
Very hard work from the boys in blue there !	4	Definite
At first glance , for a city of 760,000 and agglomeration of 1.428,000 , there does not seem to be much to see .	5	Indefinite
" This is a disaster for pain patients , " Mailis said in an interview Thursday with CBC News .	3	Indefinite
Well it took us a while to find one that we liked .	4	Indefinite
Much of it involved costly churning of portfolios , while increased leverage implied fragility for the financial system as a whole and imposed severe social costs as over - exposed households subsequently went bankrupt .	15	Definite
He is now losing the cheek muscle on the left side of his face and seems to be dropping weight by the day .	4	Definite
The object of the game is to score the most points and the game ends when the seeker snatches the snitch .	12	Definite
The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States .	0	Definite
In other words , the unpredictability of historical events like those in Ukraine has to do with an element of uncertainty in human identity .	4	Definite
Otherwise , I will assume you will book the two tickets .	8	Definite
This year it overtook Japan as the world 's second largest consumer of energy , behind the US .	16	Definite
Summers can be very warm and with the cold wind across the plains it can get very cold in the winter , but it does not last long .	11	Definite
Finally , the amendment tabled by the rapporteur is perfectly logical and I can , therefore , give it my wholehearted support .	2	Definite
Founded in 1925 as games for everyman , the open air theater on the great steps in front of St. Michael still attracts a diverse public .	13	Definite
This is where the payoff comes in , what makes the joke succeed or fail .	10	Definite
Once the first bottle has been filtered , wash out the bottle and pour the Skittles vodka back in .	10	Definite
Food is awful and the place caters to the yuppy crowd .	4	Definite
Neiafu and surrounding villages are home to about a third of the Group ’s overall population of around 20000 , with the majority of the population living in small villages on the other islands .	24	Definite
In two months Carroll had learned that her parents lived on a farm several miles outside of town ; that they sold strawberries in summer , and Christmas trees in the winter .	11	Indefinite
Sorry about the flooding .	2	Definite
Steve Whitmore , a representative for the LA Sheriff 's office , told LA Weekly in a statement that the case involving Montalvo was being dealt with as charges relating to grand theft .	3	Indefinite
It is often beautiful , but its sentences tend to start , pause , and finish at the end of lines , with the risk of monotony .	17	Definite
The manager himself was there .	0	Definite
Provide plenty of hiding places like rocks , plants , etc in the tank .	12	Definite
I could only take it as they would seat the people they know first .	9	Definite
( Her voice mail says she 's out of the office until Monday . )	9	Definite
“ While much of the digital transition is unprecedented in the United States , the peaceful transition of power is not , ” Obama special assistant Kori Schulman wrote in a blog post Monday .	30	Indefinite
In Microsoft Access , you can use a connection file to bind one or more data access pages to a data source .	19	Indefinite
The door is easy to use and it keeps the cold out during the winter .	0	Definite
The impacts of climate change on the region and the globe are projected to increase substantially in the years to come . "	6	Definite
Harry stepped over a pack of Self-Shuffling playing cards on the floor and looked out of the tiny window .	3	Indefinite
It ’s very much like you are trying to make the room laugh , but the room has been a sort of captive audience for many many years now , so it takes a lot to make the room laugh .	37	Definite
From the director 's point of view , the film is a precarious balancing act , between cheery family hijinks and hard - hitting social drama .	1	Definite
It sucked having an SUV .	3	Indefinite
< This man has clearly never visited the US .	7	Definite
Otherwise , he was locked in his room around the clock .	9	Definite
Tell me , what events is today important such as how many elephants Hannibal had on the Alps , when you can have helicopters ?	16	Definite
" Work " means the copyrightable work of authorship offered under the terms of this License .	4	Definite
He took a deep breath , scattered the powder into the flames and stepped forward ; the fire felt like a warm breeze ; he opened his mouth and immediately swallowed a lot of hot ash .	2	Indefinite
Nowhere did we stop long enough to get a particularized impression , but the general sense of vague and oppressive wonder grew upon me .	8	Indefinite
The way China develops is vital for the way our own societies develop .	7	Definite
In all , we received requests for 61 persons outside of Enron to host an eSpeak event .	14	Indefinite
We aim to investigate the contributions of the use of a system that integrates cognitive digital games to a database , of the Escola do Cérebro , for monitoring and improvement of cognitive skills , highlighting the attention .	7	Definite
If Africa 's agricultural sector is to achieve its promise – and if Africa 's economic growth is to continue – policymakers should take into account the needs of farmers like Joyce .	26	Definite
Shakespeare combined poetic genius with a practical sense of the theatre .	5	Indefinite
The two organisations launched an appeal which was thrown out by the Court of Cassation on the 12th of October .	0	Definite
The Russian Empire was an agglomeration of diverse ethnicities that had shown significant signs of disunity in the years before the First World War .	17	Definite
The real purpose of my call , however , is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol .	0	Definite
The government 's Flag Consideration Project has planned a number of conferences and roadshows as part of this process , with the first meeting set to take place in Christchurch on May 16 .	0	Definite
The Superdome stadium is without power , and toilets are overflowing .	0	Definite
Nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at the time the penal offence was committed .	2	Indefinite
Full interview with Kristin Wilkins , curator of the exhibition at the University of Southern Indiana .	8	Definite
Over the past decade , Bangladesh has steadily moved into a state of lawlessness .	1	Definite
He wrote them in a stylised language that does not always spring naturally from the needs of the characters or the drama .	20	Definite
Her family 's wealth was a considerable factor in the match :	9	Definite
If the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this leaves a lot to be desired !	9	Definite
Perhaps that 's why a surge of tears clouds his pupils while the syllable of time unearths his crop and surrenders his mystery to the bound waters .	4	Indefinite
I received a report from HR and it appears there is conflicting information regarding some of the titles for various employees .	2	Indefinite
the kernel of the house was warm with oil-fired heating and the light from red shades ,	3	Definite
We have seen the gap between rich and poor widen .	3	Definite
Yes I 've had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the door so yes a plastic cage will be good	23	Definite
Fresleven – that was the fellow 's name , a Dane – thought himself wronged somehow in the bargain , so he went ashore and started to hammer the chief of the village with a stick .	9	Indefinite
the colours on the mosque almost visible , the silvered burglar grilles on the elaborate houses of the Indian sector .	3	Definite
Throughout the United States , she said , " spring is about two weeks earlier .	1	Definite
( The source of the previous sentence is unknown .	1	Definite
The url for the song is http://www.sonic.net/~fsjob/TragiCore-TheCivetCat.mp3	0	Definite
We read about six hundred to eight hundred headline ideas on a Monday coming from our staff and a small group of writers outside — a contributing core .	18	Indefinite
Converting an Access database set to ANSI-92 SQL query mode from 2002 file format to 2000 or 97 file format .	1	Indefinite
you speak the language and will have more fun .	2	Definite
It 's just no longer bureaucratically impolite to openly contest the FBI 's ( former ) theory about a lone , American scientist .	18	Indefinite
So in a way people often do n't know how to combine the two fields .	2	Indefinite
We returned after 3 PM , found no one there , and a note from the innkeeper with directions to our room .	15	Definite
Japan favoured a route to the sea , enabling oil to be shipped to both Japan and China .	5	Definite
Secretive efforts keep outsiders in the dark about the program 's goals	5	Definite
Shakespeare combined poetic genius with a practical sense of the theatre .	9	Definite
- a communication on whether this programme should be continued and adapted , accompanied by an appropriate proposal .	15	Indefinite
During the spring , summer , and fall , the Beavertail cactus grows and will benefit from a balanced fertilizer .	1	Definite
" The police should be politisized , and should become , to whatever extent necessary , a partisan paramilitary arm of the revolutionary government " ?	16	Indefinite
All Harry 's spellbooks , his wand , robes , cauldron and top-of-the-range Nimbus Two Thousand broomstick had been locked in a cupboard under the stairs by Uncle Vernon the instant Harry had come home .	24	Definite
The best there is in service .	0	Definite
The rapporteur is asking for a threshold of 50 to 30 ppm , which would also involve excessive cost without appreciable benefit .	5	Indefinite
It takes only one bite from a disease - carrying mosquito to transmit a debilitating or deadly infection – and mosquitoes breed and multiply with astonishing speed .	13	Indefinite
It has a population of about 750,000 , and is the largest city in the Yucatán Peninsula .	10	Definite
For example , when you move a Product field to the filter area , you can have the chart display category and series values for one product at a time .	6	Indefinite
While Schauble 's strategy may sound appealing , it is , at best , the symbolic garb of progress .	14	Definite
Then he began again , assuring me Mr. Kurtz was the best agent he had , an exceptional man , of the greatest importance to the Company ; therefore I could understand his anxiety .	10	Definite
The islands lie 860 km east of Christchurch , in the middle of the " Roaring Forties " .	13	Definite
The boy gasped , but then the yoyo stopped , dangling at the end of the line .	6	Definite
Having a team was the best because they kept the flow of the wedding going the whole time !	1	Indefinite
As Heald told The Huffington Post , US surface ozone has dropped partly due to the Clean Air Act .	15	Definite
The successful launch from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwest China follows the solo flight of Yang Liwei in October 2003 .	0	Definite
the guy came on time and did n't take any breaks , he went straight to work and finished the job efficiently and promptly !	0	Definite
Mr President , I support the main proposals of the report concerning the administration of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund for the period 2000 - 2006 and the main recommendations of the report which include the following :	15	Definite
The dancers were falling back round a Polish agriculturalist who was teaching a gangling Englishman and two young Africans an Eastern European peasant dance .	6	Indefinite
The cast members really have to have incredibly powerful voices to pull off a few of the most poignant numbers ( I think this could be your true calling ) .	0	Definite
( The only other choice for the Arabs is to leave their oil in the ground . ) "	14	Definite
Indeed , given how Bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring vital conflicts with the potential to blow back on the US , one might well argue that Edwards knows more now than Bush does .	17	Definite
When you look at the mycelium , they 're highly branched .	4	Definite
What you say is rather profound , and probably erroneous , he said , with a laugh .	15	Indefinite
But European approval of the raid would endanger the plans of France for a new international order .	4	Definite
Harry stepped over a pack of Self-Shuffling playing cards on the floor and looked out of the tiny window .	10	Definite
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	11	Indefinite
Secondly , he will still out price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. Paul Thomas , Jason Choate , Todd DeCook and Peter Makkai .	12	Definite
The climate is so dry that these plains are sometimes thought of as part of the Sahara .	15	Definite
The stampede began when luggage from a bus tripped pilgrims at the eastern end of the wall , causing a bottleneck .	6	Indefinite
For example , the Weatherspoon Art Museum at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro saw attendance levels reach 11,000 visitors when it exhibited its Warhol collection in 2010 , according to curator Elaine Gustafon .	8	Definite
The northern portion of the Caucasus is known as the Ciscaucasus and the southern portion as the Transcaucasus .	4	Definite
We need to change the Prod Description fro the LME Product .	8	Definite
Moving them distributes the wear and tear of washing .	3	Definite
Have someone throw something ( the snitch ) on a line into the pool at regular intervals .	5	Definite
For example , if you specify the start range as 01-Jul-1999 while grouping the ShippedDate field in weekly intervals , the following groups will be created :	6	Definite
I did all my research and am well prepared to keep one , I 'm 14 by the way	17	Definite
i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side .	27	Definite
For one thing , there is increasing concern , and that is undoubtedly true , on the part of experts too .	16	Definite
We may arrange for the best airport security in the world .	4	Definite
Finally , I should like to point out here the significance of a proposal put forward by our colleague Edouard des Places .	9	Definite
I found the hotel to be amazingly clean , not to mention very well adorned with many pleasant surprises .	2	Definite
The Valley of Giants	0	Definite
ALITO filed a dissenting opinion , in which SCALIA and THOMAS joined as to Parts I through III .	2	Indefinite
Spa We tried the spa on the Liberty and loved it .	3	Definite
" He 's hanging out with the celebrities , and has kind of become the same sort of celebrity he was interested in documenting earlier in his career " , Wilkins said .	14	Definite
You anticipate upsizing your application in the future to an Access project and want to create queries that will run with minimal changes in a Microsoft SQL Server database .	6	Definite
Oh , it did n't surprise me in the least to hear this , and at the same time to be told that Fresleven was the gentlest , quietest creature that ever walked on two legs .	16	Definite
The rapid development of Łódź in the second half of the 19th century was brought about by the rise of enormous industrialist fortunes .	0	Definite
67 is the minimum score , anything below that is filed in the " circular file basket " .	2	Definite
3 Store the basil in the refrigerator .	5	Definite
In 1937 , Nida undertook studies at the University of Southern California , where he obtained a master 's degree in New Testament Greek in 1939 .	7	Definite
Except at the beach or at sacred sites normal western dress is acceptable for both men and women , except that you should avoid clothing showing a lot of skin .	26	Indefinite
The case against Iran has a feeling of Déjà vu .	0	Definite
Harry , trying to say Shh ! and look comforting at the same time , ushered Dobby back onto the bed where he sat hiccoughing , looking like a large and very ugly doll .	19	Definite
In this paper , we report upon the novel insights eye-tracking techniques have provided into the unconscious processes of viewing the unique collection of Zurbarán artworks .	7	Definite
For the last year SNY has broadcast footage of me with my poems , so quite a few fans known about the " Mets Poet ' .	21	Definite
The below site from the US government verifies this - it 's the same for Canada , too .....	12	Definite
If I can get a few minutes with Mark H. today , I 'm going to propose that I speak to Stan Klimberg about getting this signed before Thursday 's meeting with LIPA .	4	Indefinite
Measures should be the same throughout the EU to ensure no Member State gets an unfair advantage .	6	Definite
If the data access page includes any Microsoft Office Web Components ( a PivotTable list , chart , or spreadsheet ) , only users with a valid Microsoft Office 2002 license will be able to use those components .	12	Indefinite
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page , we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers .	21	Indefinite
TO THE SOUTH VIETNAMESE GOVERNMENT ….	1	Definite
As a first step in defining the “ transmedia fan ” , the current project undertakes a comparative discourse analysis of online conversations of Game of Thrones fans .	16	Indefinite
The highly coloured lithograph of the Faithful Hero seemed to look dimly , in the light of one candle , at the man with no faith in anything except the truth of his own sensations .	21	Definite
" I ca n't accept such a sacrifice from you . "	6	Indefinite
It would tell us why the call went to you , but not why they wanted to speak to me in the first place .	21	Definite
4 . In Section 6.2.1 I 'll just note that the discount rate sentence I think is still an open issue .	18	Indefinite
He refused to believe them and ordered the military to win the war within two to three years ( before the next election in 1968 ) .	11	Definite
I 've thought about you a few times in the last few months , did n't want to intrude upon an already bad situation with my bullshit questions .	5	Indefinite
He found himself sitting on a sofa , alone in the living room .	5	Indefinite
Addressing the OAS , Amin had provoked laughter and applause among the delegates by saying that the hostages were as comfortable as they could be in the circumstances surrounded by explosives .	26	Definite
The terms of office of the Members thus appointed shall expire at the same time as those of the Members in office at the time of accession .	18	Definite
It was , in a curious way , an extension of what he was at the official receptions where many people had little idea who the white stranger was , sitting in a modest place of honour ;	32	Indefinite
In Macbeth , for example , the language darts from one unrelated metaphor or simile to another .	6	Definite
Jeff and Craig are really good at what they do and know exactly how to treat a customer .	16	Indefinite
Called to check if they had a product I 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .	18	Definite
I should think the cause of progress got them , anyhow .	3	Definite
In 2012 , she was made a Dame by Elizabeth II for services to architecture , and in 2015 she became the first and only woman to be awarded the Royal Gold Medal from the Royal Institute of British Architects .	21	Definite
US and Afghan intelligence will shortly be presenting the ISI with a list of Taliban extremists and their suspected whereabouts .	8	Definite
We recently asked you to create an eSpeak " wish list " for us .	6	Indefinite
-- but I have a chart that I 'll go through ; the MMPI .	4	Indefinite
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .	2	Definite
Iran 's coast facing the Persian Gulf is a looming wall of mountains that look down upon any naval forces arrayed in those waters .	4	Definite
The origin of the city 's name is unknown , however , the word łódź translates to " boat " in English .	0	Definite
I would n't have mentioned the fellow to you at all , only it was from his lips that I first heard the name of the man who is so indissolubly connected with the memories of that time .	22	Definite
In the eastern city of Baqubah , guerrillas detonated a car bomb outside a police station , killing several people .	1	Definite
A hundred and twenty-two for dinner !	0	Indefinite
His wife was listening , laughing softly , sitting back majestically for a moment .	12	Indefinite
Greene 's attack is the earliest surviving mention of Shakespeare 's career in the theatre .	4	Definite
He 's dropping weight , but most of that came from being at the trainer s and being ridden hard for 60 days .	13	Definite
The tent was filled with chairs and divans borrowed from people 's houses , and flowers from their gardens .	0	Definite
According to a couple sources , the world record for the oldest cat was a cat in Devon , England who reportedly live to the age of 36 .	6	Definite
Take the messages for what they are : she has no objection in you being pals at uni , but she does not want to take matters further .	1	Definite
Its ramshackle army had virtually collapsed before the American invasion in 2003 .	7	Definite
The relevant standards which have been laid down in another Directive , 95 / 35 / EC , seem sufficiently adequate to advise people in a responsible manner on the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods .	9	Indefinite
Russia also announced that it was seeking and building the best nukes the world ’s ever seen .	9	Definite
The yarns of seamen have a direct simplicity , the whole meaning of which lies within the shell of a cracked nut .	0	Definite
I have participated in all the weekend beta events and the world preview .	5	Definite
His time at Vendôme is reflected in Louis Lambert , his 1832 novel about a young boy studying at an Oratorian grammar school at Vendôme .	14	Indefinite
When creating a page , you can use the contents of a connection file to set the ConnectionString property of the page , but choose not to create a link between the page and the connection file .	16	Definite
Do n't use your hands -- use a metal or plastic utensil of some sort .	7	Indefinite
So you do n’t have writers coming up with a story and headline , but you will instead have a team of writers choosing the best headlines and then assign it to a particular writer who was not necessarily involved ?	32	Indefinite
It is difficult to imagine a justification for any action that could envelop the United States in a military and economic conflict with Iraq , Iran , Syria and China simultaneously .	5	Indefinite
His more unusual accolades include global ambassador for New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation , and a place at Harvard Business School .	17	Indefinite
King Salaman replaced the political veteran with the head of financial oversight , Mohammed al - Jadaan .	3	Definite
If an engagement with Iran envelops our forces in Iraq , and comes to involve Syria , our economy will likely shatter under the strain of fighting so many countries simultaneously .	23	Definite
Only a small minority of academics believe there is reason to question the traditional attribution , but interest in the subject , particularly the Oxfordian theory of Shakespeare authorship , continues into the 21 st century .	12	Definite
Some two hundred Hasidim are flying to Israel to attend the circumcision of the firstborn son of their spiritual leader , the Belzer Rabbi .	10	Definite
Not long ago , they were touted as the salvation of the world economy – the dynamic engines of growth that would take over as the economies of the United States and Europe sputtered .	11	Definite
I finally called Matt from Bonafide and he made the project both easy for us and reasonable .	9	Definite
The back of her neck looks like a pack of hot dogs .	0	Definite
There 's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK .	8	Definite
Kesha and Pebe co-wrote the song " Stephen " together when Kesha was 16 , Kesha then tracked down David Gamson , a producer that she admired , from Scritti Politti who agreed to produce the song .	35	Definite
In order to design this curriculum we follow a four step approach with a Working Out Loud - principle ( Williams , 2010 ) :	13	Indefinite
Just west of Downtown and slightly north of the Financial District is Uptown .	8	Definite
Alteration of the Mississippi River and the destruction of wetlands at its mouth have left the area around New Orleans abnormally vulnerable to the forces of nature .	6	Definite
She would cry from frustration when the older children could do something that she could n't — like tie knots , or catch a chicken .	23	Indefinite
You change the layout of a chart by moving the fields to predefined drop areas within the chart workspace .	9	Definite
My oldest female and youngest male do this - I just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like chicken liver ( cooked ) for the anemic one , some arthritis stuff for the oldest .	29	Definite
Seconds later , a bell clanged , and Malfoy stepped into the shop .	3	Indefinite
Long after his death , similar structures were built in the form of the San Francisco – Oakland Bay Bridge and the Transbay Tube , and there have been campaigns to rename the bridge " The Emperor Norton Bridge " .	21	Definite
There are several campsites that allow tourists to barbeque on the beach with beautiful mountain views in the background .	17	Definite
The prosecution was charging he was a rogue using his contacts from former service in both CIA and the ' Office of Naval Intelligence ' .	0	Definite
A second set of problems concerns the need to ensure that the economic system is perceived as fundamentally fair , which is the key to its political sustainability .	6	Definite
If such a decision is taken before the date of accession , the decision will only come into effect upon the date of accession .	12	Definite
She spoke to CNN Style about the experience .	6	Definite
" We staged this fair to explore the limits of freedom Westerners believe in , " Masoud Shojai , head of the country 's " Iran Cartoon " association and the fair organizer , said .	30	Definite
I called dominos tonight , it rang forever , I get put on hold twice without saying a word and FINALLY someone says , MAY I HELP YOU ?	17	Indefinite
Each time you open the page , Access will read the connection file , extract the connection information , and set the ConnectionString property of the page .	21	Definite
The city 's name reflects its history as a city " reborn from the ashes " of the previous settlement .	13	Definite
The education is horrible at best , do society a favor , and do NOT send your student here .	0	Definite
China was defeated , and in 1842 agreed to the provisions of the Treaty of Nanking .	12	Definite
The well - equipped , clean gym is a plus !	8	Indefinite
Electricity : A panel focuses on price hikes and the actions of the ISO president .	2	Indefinite
The Commission 's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM ( PST ) .	0	Definite
The lady at pet smart said 4 hours , but on places on the net it says 10 to 12 hours .	0	Definite
We have some people who are great at politics ; some people we give all the war stuff to ; someone who is in charge of the Britney Spears story of the week — the entertainment stories .	26	Definite
Ukraine is not Bosnia , where the constitution emerged out of peace talks that ended years of bloody warfare following the breakup of Yugoslavia .	6	Definite
It 's " tall " being it 's bigger than a pony , but it 's on the small end for a horse .	21	Indefinite
Both the time and the sequence of events of this incident were vigorously discussed .	4	Definite
Water the mature basil plants once a day , in the morning , so the water has time to soak in and evaporate rather than sitting on the plants overnight .	27	Definite
As a result , research and development in genetic engineering is more expensive , discouraging investment and hampering innovation .	1	Indefinite
Yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son Ahmed Abdul Qadoos , who receives a stipend from the UN for being officially low - IQ due to lead poisoning .	20	Indefinite
Compelling policymakers to implement such policies will require a new set of skills that draws upon lessons from around the world .	19	Definite
The house of Annas , in which Jesus was questioned and struck , is within the compound .	0	Definite
Meanwhile , the European Union and China are pressing to close their own deals in Asia and elsewhere .	2	Definite
The question must be put as directly as possible : what manner of maniac would undertake a path so fraught with peril and potential economic catastrophe ?	16	Indefinite
He decided to light a cigarette .	4	Indefinite
Do the job honest and quickly as possible .	1	Definite
Customizing the layout of a PivotChart view	1	Definite
Yes , but this time it is his carotid artery - the one that transports blood to the brain .	11	Definite
In the foreground , facing the magazine rack , a young student stood with an open magazine in his hands , staring at a picture of a naked woman .	23	Indefinite
" Empirical research pointed to climate as being a strong driver , " she said .	8	Indefinite
Make sure that the garden bed is in the shade .	3	Definite
At run time , users can change the layout of the PivotTable list .	7	Definite
28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2003 , the second - longest vacation of any president in US history .	12	Definite
President George W Bush , who has cut his holiday two days short , has called on Americans to donate to the Red Cross or other organisations .	21	Definite
In 1902 that Coron was registered as a town and the name of the town was officially changed from Penon de Coron to Coron .	13	Definite
The luggage was not waiting at the flag-draped and bunting-swathed entrance , where a picture of a huge Roman emperor Mweta , in a toga , smiled as he did in the old photograph of the Gala village football team .	23	Indefinite
Great experience - consider checking out their puppies before buying from a breeder !	11	Indefinite
The young man said , You are from Gala district .	0	Definite
$ 5.76 For the Combo Meal !!	3	Definite
Fort Lee 's Public School 4 , a daily activity for the elementary school set	11	Definite
We had a fantastic time .	2	Indefinite
The phones and networks are compatible , so the only reason it would n't work would be if you have , say , a cheap cell phone company ..	0	Definite
Inspection of certain of the above inventory balances , by third party inspectors , where there is an expectation that circularisation replies will not be received on a timely basis	27	Indefinite
If you still do n't enjoy the kittens , see what other opportunities are available .	6	Definite
" Balzac often fell ill , finally causing the headmaster to contact his family with news of a " sort of a coma " .	17	Indefinite
In quick summary , Beyond Control , a local band in our area , is sponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run out .	7	Indefinite
Their location , the northwest corner of S. 10th & Federal Sts. , is now home to Slice Pizza .	3	Definite
If you can present opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds , or other ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the S@P , I 'd listen .	26	Definite
We plan to use the same basic form for the Enron guaranty that will be made in favor of EPMI with respect to the seller 's obligations under the PPA .	28	Definite
People like the fact that I stand for a Virginia that is both Open-minded and Open for Business .	8	Indefinite
Please find attached a credit worksheet for a Master Firm contract for the above mentioned counterparty .	7	Indefinite
The Only Catch Is That You HAVE To Have An Income ABOVE $ 21,000 ...... And ...... You HAVE To Follow The Easy Instructions Provided To You .	21	Definite
" I think everybody knows Andy Warhol 's name , even non-art people , that 's a name they might know because he was such a personality " , Water said .	25	Indefinite
L'Enfant took only the first of three degrees offered by the Lodge and did not progress further in Freemasonry .	3	Definite
On September 12 , 1992 , Coron was finally reduced by the official creation of the Municipality of Culion .	15	Definite
In order to examine potential bivariate associations , the adjusted F statistic ( design-based F ) was employed as it corrects for a complex sample design such as that used in the Add Health . [ 21 ]	31	Definite
Easiest Time I ever had purchasing a car !	6	Indefinite
Auster 's apartment was on the eleventh floor , and Quinn rang the buzzer , expecting to hear a voice speak to him through the intercom .	18	Indefinite
She was Rebecca , Rebecca Edwards , like a big , untidy schoolgirl in her cotton shirt and sandals , the car key on her forefinger jingling harassedly .	8	Indefinite
He felt himself the middle-aged relative , a man of vague repute come from afar to the wedding and drawn helplessly and not unenjoyably into everything .	16	Definite
Cape Town 's local government is the City of Cape Town , which is a metropolitan municipality .	14	Indefinite
This is my share in the advantages my country shall reap from the possession of such a magnificent dependency .	12	Definite
She is a Canadian born Vietnamese .	2	Indefinite
They kept the name Oracle and created the RDBMS engine .	7	Definite
Fresh basil not only tastes better than dried , it actually tastes different , almost as if it were not the same herb .	20	Definite
I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT GOING ON WITH YOU AND THE LITTLE WOMAN .	4	Indefinite
Auster put the check on the coffee table , as if to say the matter had been settled .	13	Definite
The Pentagon is bypassing official US intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in Iran in preparation for any possible attack , former and current intelligence officials say ...	11	Indefinite
just a heads up .	1	Indefinite
A few days before Christmas 2003 , after a renewed audiotape threat by Zawahiri of attacks , to include in the US homeland , the threat level was raised to orange or " high . "	20	Definite
Medicine was also studied , especially in southern Italy , where Islamic medicine influenced the school at Salerno .	14	Definite
" An air-quality cleanup would improve crop yields [...]	1	Indefinite
One thought is to have just the agenda as a couple topics and then lead in with the first two questions as I 've listed .	9	Indefinite
I just finish reading a really good book ( it was actually a ebook ) from some new series called the The Tale of Terra .	20	Definite
James Bateman came the day I called and fixed the problem quickly and efficiently .	9	Definite
I read an Article in Time magazine accusing the Iranian Government of being willing to start a nuclear war and I sympathise with the Article .	8	Definite
I just wanted to know if you had any thoughts on recent NATO actions and the protests coming up at the 60th NATO conference , I know you ’re speaking at the counter-conference .	31	Definite
But if -- there 's a painting on the wall in the Oval Office that shows a horseman charging up a steep cliff , and there are at least two other horsemen following .	16	Indefinite
One of the most scenicly attractive ports in the whole of New Zealand , Port Hutt boasts an incredibly sheltered little harbour , with picturesque views and safe anchorage in all weather .	8	Definite
There are only about 850 wolves in the West , but there are an estimated 31,000 mountain lions .	7	Definite
Six crew members were from the Arakan region of Myanmar .	5	Definite
I do n't know if the kid had a bad day or what , but I had to sit and apologize about nothing for 10 minutes until he dropped the issue .	29	Definite
The bottom line is that the food is n't great and is relatively high - priced .	0	Definite
The girl sat and saw nothing , like an animal out of breath , holed up against danger .	0	Definite
Article 13 ( 3 ) of the Pericles Decision provides that the Commission shall send to the European Parliament and the Council , by 30 June 2005 :	6	Definite
52 - Percentage of votes cast during the 2002 midterm elections that were recorded by Election Systems & Software , the largest voting - technology firm , a big Republican donor .	20	Definite
I have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrow .	5	Definite
your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey .	22	Indefinite
On the same day Palestinians protest in support of Hezbollah and Syria , the terrorist group Hamas has indicated it will participate in the scheduled upcoming Parliamentary elections .	23	Definite
Well , you do not want to face the dilemma .	8	Definite
It is also called “ T-town ” by the locals and has been called the " Oil Capital of the World " .	19	Definite
Due to its remarkable biodiversity , with over a third of the local plant species found nowhere else , Socotra has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site .	8	Indefinite
Just do the denim and canvas stuff together .	2	Definite
In quick summary , Beyond Control , a local band in our area , is sponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run out .	19	Indefinite
In today 's instant world , there 's no reason for the instructor not to even have given us a phone call or e-mail if she was going to be late .	19	Indefinite
It was a natural thing , but I never coined myself as ' The Mets Poet . '	2	Indefinite
Then an engine man from the Balkans said , " In our village we nailed owls to the church door when we caught them . "	17	Definite
There are a lot of genetics at play between a Sussex and Silkie , so the offspring would vary in appearance .	9	Indefinite
Quinn heard laughter in the hallway , first from a woman and then from a child – the high and the higher , a staccato of ringing shrapnel – and then the basso rumbling of Auster 's guffaw .	23	Indefinite
The very structure of the text of the COM in wine shows us that wine is an agricultural product rather than an industrial product .	21	Indefinite
The bartender is a douchebag and he has a little console behind the bar where he can delete songs he does n't like , and you end up paying for it .	12	Definite
In fact , many people Wikinews observed took out their mobiles as they left for the evening and used their own phone cameras to make one further record of the moment - a photo of a photo .	29	Definite
A coal - fired power station in Badarpur , south - east Delhi , will stop operating for 10 days , along with diesel generators in the city .	26	Definite
Click the grid of grouped lines .	1	Definite
For generic drugs at the end of a patent or other protection period are of course useful .	7	Indefinite
the kernel of the house was warm with oil-fired heating and the light from red shades ,	0	Definite
2 . I 'm getting ready to divy up the Dow stock .	9	Definite
He was the only man of us who still followed the sea .	2	Definite
In addition to the Structural Funds and the common agricultural policy , the financing of the Community needs to undergo radical reform .	3	Definite
If you have been to the London Aquarium I would not even bother with this .	5	Definite
The letters , six in all , were sent within two hours of each other and represented dozens of power generators .	0	Definite
They climbed two more flights until they reached a door with peeling paint and a small plaque on it , saying Ronald 's Room .	14	Indefinite
I 'll also trot doing , down 2 beats , up one for a wile , then up 2 down 1 making sure the weight is going into the balls of my feet .	13	Indefinite
It is possible to establish the phase of the moon on a particular day two thousand years ago but not whether it was obscured by clouds or haze .	8	Definite
But European approval of the raid would endanger the plans of France for a new international order .	13	Indefinite
( They even got me a couch pretty quickly . )	5	Indefinite
Although Balzac was " by turns a hermit and a vagrant " , he managed to stay connected to the social world which nourished his writing .	19	Definite
It lists the record sources , fields , and calculated controls of a page .	12	Indefinite
The best climbing club around .	0	Definite
Ukraine , with its high - quality human capital and diversified economy , is a potentially attractive investment destination .	14	Indefinite
The IIP had also been the main force urging Sunni Arabs to participate in the elections scheduled for January , and had been opposed in this stance by the Association of Muslim Scholars .	0	Definite
For the time being , the deal between Aoun and Hariri has brought the two enemy factions closer together .	5	Definite
I came in for alterations ( free , by the way ) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse .	16	Indefinite
The poster at DH2017 will present the curriculum , its position in the international context and offer the lessons learned from both the design process and the first clinics .	0	Definite
If you are just applying for a birth certificate for the first time , it s simple to do it over the computer .	21	Definite
The cost will change monthly and the price is expected to rise in winter as usage increases .	0	Definite
In the long run , Spain itself will pay even more .	1	Definite
I live nearly two hours away and yet I will still make the drive to see them !	12	Definite
I see you re still recovering from the accident .	7	Definite
Since Emperor Meiji , it has been customary to have one era per Emperor and to rename each Emperor after his death using the name of the era over which he presided .	26	Definite
Until now Pakistan has not facilitated such a return and clearly it can not happen until there is both a pull from Kabul and a push from Islamabad .	24	Indefinite
After all , the internet is not a luxury ; it is an essential tool .	3	Definite
I ca nt speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us ( the patient ) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you .	16	Definite
Second , he could not fully grasp that rising real material living standards for the working class might well go hand in hand with a rising rate of exploitation – that is , a smaller income share for labor .	14	Definite
He had spent the afternoon preparing for this visit as carefully as if he were preparing for an exam .	3	Definite
The hyperlink in this topic goes to the Web .	0	Definite
According to a couple sources , the world record for the oldest cat was a cat in Devon , England who reportedly live to the age of 36 .	24	Definite
The federal government proactively reports on aggregate performance pay and bonus levels for each department , but the latest web posting is for 2013 - 2014 — or two years out of date .	17	Definite
The owner / baker , " Pie Guy " is a hoot to deal with as well .	0	Definite
You should book or ensure accommodation before you board a flight for the Chathams , as during the popular months of the tourism season , between October and April , accommodation can be severely limited .	12	Definite
The XML protocol is a set of rules , guidelines , and conventions for designing data formats and structures , in a way that produces files that are easy to generate and easily read by different computers and applications .	4	Indefinite
- a communication on whether this programme should be continued and adapted , accompanied by an appropriate proposal .	1	Indefinite
Because he spent no more than five or six months on a novel , for the rest of the year he was free to do as he wished .	18	Definite
And they THRIVE to get a customer .	5	Indefinite
Mrs Clinton has a reputation for a hawkish outlook , but this will be tempered by war - weary public opinion in the US .	3	Indefinite
It is the attention to detail and the quality of the work taught at TomiPilates that sets this studio apart from the others .	7	Definite
This is not the first time deadly stampedes have taken place during the Hajj , with the deadliest stampede during the 1991 Hajj , in which 1,426 pilgrims were trampled .	16	Definite
Some may still think that even in the final stages of the 9/11 plot , Zacarias Moussaoui was going to fly a 5th plane into the Capitol or White House .	25	Definite
Hadid was born on 31 October 1950 in Baghdad , Iraq , to an upper-class Iraqi family .	13	Indefinite
It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms , a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war .	24	Definite
When you move the field back to a row or column area , the custom group fields will appear again .	3	Definite
Jack welch is the CEO of GE , not GM .	3	Definite
They explained that elk in Yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams , a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion .	34	Definite
The study combines qualitative and quantitative approaches .	0	Definite
Where he sat was the first place – the rest were nowhere .	4	Definite
Another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time , meaning users can not retrieve them and read them later ( as they can with e-mail ) .	16	Indefinite
Investors are selling out of government bonds , with U.S. and Australian bonds feeling the biggest impact .	14	Definite
A revised version of the Evaluation form for Associates and Analysts is attached below .	0	Indefinite
In addition , he strengthened defenses between Egypt and Asia , building the Walls of the Ruler in the East Delta region .	12	Definite
Please let us know if you need a change so that the deals will bridge with the correct books .	7	Indefinite
You can see them visiting and talking as they stroll along the streets , sit in the plazas or dine in the many sidewalk restaurants .	11	Definite
He was a thin man , going bald , but the little hair he had was as red as any of his children 's .	2	Indefinite
When you have a malignant tumor , you may remove the tumor itself surgically .	3	Indefinite
He said the main aim of the subpoenas will be to determine whether collusion occurred to " fix " prices , which would violate federal trade laws .	2	Definite
He is my farrier ( shoes my horse s feet ) so I am technically a client if you want to view it that way .	15	Indefinite
So daytime events will be shown live in the United States in the middle of the night , and evening prime-time events will be shown — indeed live — in the morning U.S. time .	12	Definite
Of all the missiles in Iran 's armament , the most dangerous is the Russian - made SS - N - 22 Sunburn .	9	Definite
At least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts William Patrick and Kenneth Alibek , under the optimal method , there is no electrostatic charge .	4	Definite
Has anyone read the letter purportedly from Ahmadinejad to George Bush ?	3	Definite
Fresleven – that was the fellow 's name , a Dane – thought himself wronged somehow in the bargain , so he went ashore and started to hammer the chief of the village with a stick .	28	Definite
Once a storm moves over any appreciably sized piece of land , the moisture source is removed and the storm begins to dissipate .	12	Definite
What culinary dishes would you recommend that go well with the Santorum cocktail ?	10	Definite
She was determined to make no end of fuss to get me appointed skipper of a river steamboat , if such was my fancy .	15	Indefinite
So hear we are , two weeks later , after that dazzling PR display two weeks ago by Powell and Annan , and the situation on the ground in Darfur appears basically unchanged .	23	Definite
At the same time it could result in job losses in the labour intensive repair services sector .	1	Definite
The cool breezes from the Gulf of Mexico drift into Mérida in the evenings and this is when many of the residents spend their time outdoors .	0	Definite
Serving as a global model for urban rebirth , Cleveland has been named one of the top 10 international visitor hotspots by Travel and Leisure magazine .	15	Definite
Splendeurs et misères des courtisanes ( The Harlot High and Low , 1847 ) continues Lucien 's story .	3	Definite
The principles governing an F-E translation would then be : reproduction of grammatical units ; consistency in word usage ; and meanings in terms of the source context .	3	Indefinite
A common one is arsenic and there really is n't a way to cure that .	10	Indefinite
I like music very loud and with a lot of bass .	7	Indefinite
There was no ceiling and he looked up into the pattern of a spider 's web made by the supporting beams of the roof .	22	Definite
As he did not have a window seat he did not see the bush and the earth red as brick-dust and the furze of growth along the river-beds :	5	Indefinite
It was the best Chinese food I have ever had .	2	Definite
Wright has a brother , Oscar , who is a comic book artist , contributing storyboards , conceptual art and promotional pictures for Edgar 's films .	9	Indefinite
If someone were able to shut the system down , or hack inside and delete or corrupt the information , it could affect the prosecution of the lawbreakers .	23	Definite
bit of a stupid question but do the spikes / spines ( whatever you call them ) on their side and face area ever go hard .	7	Definite
Create an account .	1	Indefinite
We know that the refiners already have refineries producing clean diesel , but not for Europe . For the United States and Japan .	3	Definite
I did an overnight in a home stay that was sweet and the water market was wonderful .	5	Indefinite
The only agreement I can find is a Master Sale Spot w / City of Springfield .	7	Indefinite
Shakespeare combined the two throughout his career , with Romeo and Juliet perhaps the best example of the mixing of the styles .	2	Definite
Auster leaned back on the sofa , smiled with a certain ironic pleaure , and lit a cigarette .	4	Definite
As part of the 19 th - century evolution of the novel as a " democratic literary form " , Balzac wrote that " books are written for everybody " .	13	Indefinite
Frequent urination is a sign of several things .	3	Indefinite
He is delighted to be here , and he is suffering the one activates the other .	11	Definite
They do n't speak the best English but enough to get by .	4	Definite
This can cause the chicken significant discomfort , leading to fainting or even , rarely , death .	3	Definite
$ 113 m - Amount raised by the Bush - Cheney 2000 campaign , the most in American electoral history .	14	Definite
Given that financial institutions had been attracting the best and brightest from around the world , one would have expected nothing less .	13	Definite
She guided me through a very difficult period dealing with a family member 's suicide , coupled with elder abuse .	4	Indefinite
Then a lap doing scissors , one leg forward as far as I can and the other back , then switch legs .	1	Indefinite
his clinic is very very dirty he is a real disaster to go totally not organized for every step he take .	8	Indefinite
10 m - Estimated number of people worldwide who took to the streets on 21 February 2003 , in opposition to the invasion of Iraq , the largest simultaneous protest in world history .	21	Definite
Many of the neighborhoods are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings than the hustle and bustle of Downtown and Chinatown .	2	Definite
Anyway , I was practically raised on this stuff , and being a connoisseur of West Indian cuisine , Jamaica Way is a bit toned down to suit the American palette .	28	Definite
Lenny is a persistent bachelor who has poor luck with women .	2	Indefinite
It was like a weary pilgrimage amongst hints for nightmares .	3	Indefinite
nevertheless , he was treated deferentially in San Francisco , and currency issued in his name was honored in the establishments he frequented .	19	Definite
Might as well just hotpot the curb and rate the traffic light .	9	Definite
Mark at Tintman Nationwide tints Ltd , did a very Professional job very quick , no fuss , deliverd the car to me and I drove him back home , Great arrangement Great price !!	8	Indefinite
Another report from the cliff made me think suddenly of that ship of war I had seen firing into a continent .	3	Definite
Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups : alcohol , caffeine , sugar and fat .	5	Indefinite
But the harmful psychological effects that abortions have on women are deliberately and constantly concealed .	1	Definite
I would highly recommend NDI - and will spread the word to my neighbors .	9	Definite
All the carriers were speaking together , and in the midst of the uproar the lamentable voice of the chief agent was heard ' giving it up ' tearfully for the twentieth time that day ...	1	Definite
There were things in the shadows ; a metal pail , a mop , rags .	7	Indefinite
Here 's a Miami Herald interview with the relaxed terrorist and former CIA operative in a luxury condo , published yesterday .	2	Indefinite
The true absurdity of the entire situation is easily appreciated when we consider that George W. Bush never showed any bravery at all at any point in his life .	0	Definite
“ When I ’m playing him , I feel powerful , ” the Donald Trump impersonator John Di Domenico explained to Slate last year .	12	Definite
The current policy is ripe for review and the financial resources are regrettably very limited .	0	Definite
The modernist revolution in the arts during the early 20 th century , far from discarding Shakespeare , eagerly enlisted his work in the service of the avant-garde .	7	Definite
M.D. Nalapat , an expert on jihad , is professor of geopolitics at the Manipal Academy of Higher Education , India .	13	Definite
The first phase , she said , will demonstrate the capability of a multi-compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when the two fliers return to Earth .	24	Definite
Put him in dog obedience school or call a professional dog trainer . :)	8	Indefinite
2002 - The worst year for major markets since the recession of the 1970s .	9	Definite
A statistical analysis was performed based on the application of the paired t-test on the difference of the overall score obtained in the test before and after the intervention in the two groups .	22	Definite
News coverage of the president ’s years in the Guard has tended to focus on one brief portion of that time — to the exclusion of virtually everything else .	23	Definite
A lawsuit .	0	Indefinite
According to Director of Central Intelligence George Tenet , al Qaeda ’s ability to conduct an anthrax attack is one of the most immediate threats the United States is likely to face . "	15	Indefinite
The " Hatfill theory " accusing Dr. Stephen Hatfill was always highly dubious .	0	Definite
This will copy the entire letter into the computer 's memory .	7	Definite
I expressed , politely , the hope that the other attitude , the revolutionary one , would not be abandoned .	12	Definite
Jacques is ready to drop in a dollar amount on the release .	6	Indefinite
USI 's art gallery , like 189 other educational galleries and museums around the country , is a recipient of a major Warhol donor program , and this program is cultivating new interest in Warhol 's photographic legacy .	17	Indefinite
The best Supermarket in Bay Ridge have everything what a customer needs .	9	Indefinite
These include space for dances and music , bar facility , gambling facilities for the elder , spaciously made open area aboard and many such nice facilities .	14	Definite
Attached is a new link for employees unable to attend the all - employee meeting today at 10 a.m. ( CDT ) at the Hyatt Regency Houston , Imperial Ballroom .	10	Definite
We had an inside cabin and it is what I would recommend .	2	Indefinite
Officials face a simple choice :	2	Indefinite
The results we got are very reliable .	0	Definite
He chose not to seek a third term in the following election cycle .	5	Indefinite
No , because I really ca n't call and tell them I 'm yeah , so-and-so 's applying here for a position .	20	Indefinite
May seem a little silly , but , taking a long ride on the Metra system or the " L " system is a great way to see the city and sites without spending a fortune .	13	Definite
The process of increasing safety margins and safety guarantees in transport is a process which must be improved day by day .	12	Indefinite
The cells were operating in the Ghazaliyah and al - Jihad districts of the capital .	0	Definite
They vehemently protested the Israeli assassination of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , the leader of Hamas , last March .	11	Definite
I enjoy going there although i 've only been there once , i will be returning toda to recieve a pair of french tips and i will only go to the best and to me the best is here .	30	Definite
As he wandered through the station , he reminded himself of who he was supposed to be .	4	Definite
We all enjoy buying a snack when visiting a town or attraction while on holiday .	8	Indefinite
First two times up , Kingsman hits solo shots , he said . Boom , boom . Big mothers – all the way to the moon .	21	Definite
As the leaders like to boast , the Mujahedeen is a family affair .	10	Indefinite
yes there are multiple around the world cruises , mainly offered by the more upscale lines .	5	Definite
This trickle grew into a flood , resulting in 14 wolves being reintroduced in Yellowstone in 1995 by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service -- albeit over the strong and still - continuing objections of ranchers .	4	Indefinite
From about the 8th century BC city states began to appear : small , self - governing territories with their own political systems .	2	Definite
Think similar clothing , minus the twisty-ness .	5	Definite
This command displays the Import dialog box so that you can select an XML document as well as a schema , which describes the structure of the data .	18	Indefinite
Twice , when his scavenging haul had been unusually large , he returned to the hotel in the middle of the day and remerged a few minutes later with an empty bag .	17	Definite
You r gon na be the first to see the new baby ( woud n't it be wierd if the baby gets botn on Jan 5th ? )	19	Definite
We do n’t want to just traffic in the same 24 hour news cycle .	8	Definite
Biographers suggest that his career may have begun any time from the mid-1580s to just before Greene 's remarks .	11	Definite
Add the quinoa and salt to the saucepan , stirring until completely incorporated .	6	Definite
and I was going to take charge of a two-penny-halfpenny river-steamboat with a penny whistle attached !	8	Indefinite
Daniel Montalvo in September 2010 , after having left the elite group within Scientology called the Sea Org .	15	Definite
Just remember that death is not the end - Bob Dylan	6	Definite
The Palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank were not driven by economic considerations .	11	Definite
Afshari , who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war , said that when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their education system , the Mujahedeen refused .	22	Definite
Mohammed allegedly was hiding in the home of the Pakistani bacteriologist Dr. Abdul Qadoos Khan .	8	Definite
In a highly significant move Afghan Pashtun tribes along the Pakistan border warned the Taliban in Quetta and Chaman that if they try and disrupt the elections , they would be resisted .	25	Definite
This place has done a great job of taking care of the usual maintenance on my hooptie .	4	Indefinite
The sum of 12 million ECU has been made available for possible initiatives agreed with Cyprus for projects to promote confidence-building measures .	0	Definite
Forced baptism was contrary to the law of the Catholic Church , and theoretically anybody who had been forcibly baptized could legally return to Judaism .	5	Definite
Leave the straps fastened and twist-tied to the bib when you throw them in the dryer .	1	Definite
The proposal , Commissioner Fischler , was also not nearly as good as this one .	0	Definite
Good luck w/ it & will pray for you to have the willpower to be smoke - free :)	11	Definite
Troubles in the bladder and urethra will be cured .	2	Definite
By dumping some portion of their reserves , these countries could put the dollar under intense pressure and send U.S. interest rates skyrocketing .	12	Definite
It is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in Afghanistan .	21	Indefinite
A couple days after the oil change , the engine ran rough , the low oil pressure light would come on sporadically , and the engine would whir loudly .	4	Definite
The unions have been very combative and on several occasions have called for the repeal of the legislation that Fátima Báñez is proudest of .	16	Definite
WHAT : Copies of the filed complaint will be made available at that time .	4	Definite
In 1832 , the former cloister was sold to the manufacturer Georg Reichenbach by the state of Württemberg with the stipulation to establish a cotton factory there .	23	Indefinite
This tactic of letters is not merely the modus operandi of these militant islamists inspired by Zawahiri , it is their signature .	7	Definite
Dozens of FSLN followers are already celebrating the victory in the Plaza de las Victorias .	10	Definite
He believes memos and e-mails around the time of Winter 's Dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues .	6	Definite
The girl who stood before the tall desk was red-headed .	5	Definite
A man with a lot of friends	0	Indefinite
Additional printed copies should be available within the next day or so and I will make them available to all of you - just let me know how many copies you need .	7	Definite
The apartment loomed up around him as a kind of blur .	0	Definite
Ultimately that would be a disadvantage for the consumer .	7	Definite
I read you were coming back , there was an article in the paper , my wife Margot sent it to me in Switzerland , so I thought it was you .	12	Definite
You made a choice to be a mommy , you do nt get a break until they move out , that s the choice that you madea and that 's life .	6	Indefinite
These links present the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called Chernobyl :	12	Definite
These wolf packs have flourished , and now there are an estimated 850 wolves roaming the northern Rockies , where merely 10 years ago there were none .	15	Definite
To dissident Russian writers like Lev Navrozov , the Americans can never be a match for the Russians .	16	Definite
In the end , these choices provide the greatest number of people with the best opportunity to share in the history and accomplishments of NASA 's remarkable Space Shuttle Program .	19	Definite
The hit song is " Geronimo " by Sheppard .	0	Definite
The intellectual leaders of the Enlightenment were decidedly anti-Semitic .	4	Definite
I think that in this kind of structure there is a very gradual clarification of the relationship and the forth going on .	15	Definite
Crossing between the genres of science fiction , horror , anime , fantasy and comics , the event sprawled throughout all corners of the facility .	2	Definite
COMMUNICATION FROM THE COMMISSION TO THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND TO THE COUNCIL concerning the implementation and continuation of the Pericles programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting .	10	Definite
The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming , and makes me more grateful for the blessings I have .	0	Definite
During the seasons , it was always the most recent game .	7	Definite
But my work would not begin till some two hundred miles farther on . So as soon as I could I made a start for a place thirty miles higher up .	22	Indefinite
If you are planning on being somewhere at a certain time , one might suggest leaving a good 10 to 15 minutes to escape local traffic before hitting any major roadways .	16	Indefinite
The sun in the garden was burning , dazzling , seizing .	3	Definite
The queue for the lavatory moved along a notch , he glanced up and the man , carrying a flowered sponge-bag , caught his eye with a tired vacant stare that changed to an expression of greeting .	18	Indefinite
Perhaps they do n't deliver anymore , but the deliciousness of a mezza luna certainly warrants a pickup .	11	Indefinite
Iraqi cities such as Fallujah and Ramadi were on the truck route from Amman to Baghdad , and so came under the influence of the Salafi movement , which is popular in Jordan .	24	Definite
A well communicated and will be hireing again for another projects ......	0	Indefinite
Yes , I know about the Kindle Fire but that 's not what I want (: Does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars ?	23	Definite
When he finished school , Balzac was an apprentice in a law office , but he turned his back on the study of law after wearying of its inhumanity and banal routine .	7	Indefinite
You 're a Mets fan in late September and you ll fight til the glorious end	13	Definite
Place the quaffle and three bludgers in the middle of the field .	10	Definite
Londoners flocked there to see the first part of Henry IV , Leonard Digges recording , " Let but Falstaff come , Hal , Poins , the rest ... and you scarce shall have a room " .	26	Definite
Made an appointment to have them come to the house to discuss curtain options and give an estimate .	16	Indefinite
Wire cages are NOT acceptable for dwarfs really , unless the bars have less than half a cm between them .	10	Definite
Pages hung in tatters from the sodden blue spine .	5	Definite
The wine was warm , but an early-hours-of-the-morning rain came out like sweat , and coolness blew in on necks and faces .	0	Definite
Mr President , Commissioner , in this minute and a half I should like , first of all , to congratulate Mrs Schroedter .	9	Indefinite
Before Harry could move , Dobby had darted to the bedroom door , pulled it open – and sprinted down the stairs .	9	Definite
By exercising any rights to the work provided here , you accept and agree to be bound by the terms of this license .	18	Definite
I plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions committee that I can compete at the graduate level .	31	Definite
Earlier this year Seagal was given Serbian nationality after offering to set up a martial arts school in the capital Belgrade .	18	Definite
Several related issues have resulted in an increase in the level of operating risk for the Merchanting Metals business .	9	Definite
So I sent him to the trainers the first of September to be started on the barrels .	5	Definite
Portrait shot of Dennis Hopper , famous for his role in the 1969 film Easy Rider , amongst the Warhol Polaroids donated to USI by the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts .	25	Definite
How insidious he could be , too , I was only to find out several months later and a thousand miles farther .	18	Indefinite
The real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in B2B marketplaces .?	0	Definite
It is a very potent psychological weapon .	2	Indefinite
Look around you and notice all the mind numbing trailor trash cretins out there who should not be procreating , yet they do .	6	Definite
His press release following the hearing renewed the call for " refunds . "	4	Definite
i 've only tried to feed him one at a time .	9	Indefinite
Hill at the Lesser-known candidates forum in 2011	2	Definite
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one .	2	Indefinite
For this to be possible , what we need from the European Commission are not just good intentions , but clearer guidelines and a firm commitment to monitoring the way these resources are used by the Member States .	35	Definite
That the Iraqi Islamic Party is now contemplating leaving the Allawi government raises the question of whether a mass Sunni Arab boycott of the elections is in the offing , thus fatally weakening the legitimacy of any new government .	33	Definite
Stepping out , I feel a bit numb , like a wasp in autumn .	10	Indefinite
Friendliness of staff The Liberty and Mariner of the Seas both get high grades .	3	Definite
The city maintains several tourist information offices , all of which can offer helpful information on accommodation , free maps , and bus connections .	0	Definite
What are your thoughts on the job Barack Obama has done as president ?	5	Definite
The real purpose of my call , however , is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol .	12	Definite
The northern portion of the Caucasus is known as the Ciscaucasus and the southern portion as the Transcaucasus .	9	Definite
The measures shall be adopted according to the voting rules governing the adoption of the act from which a temporary derogation is sought .	0	Definite
I highlight the relevant skills in the summary .	6	Definite
Enron will guarantee delivery by the 20th of each scheduled Dispatch Period and accept supply to the 15th of each scheduled Dispatch Period .	5	Definite
The MoI in Iraq is equivalent to the US FBI , so this would be like having J. Edgar Hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the Weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	7	Definite
The number , however , was busy .	0	Definite
He told the BBC ’s Andrew Marr Show : “ A general election is frankly the last thing that the Government wants . ”	15	Definite
You also wrote two collections of short stories and a novel .	9	Indefinite
The tag builds on the original punchline or twists back on it in a surprising way .	4	Definite
So do n't be afraid to get something a little bigger than " perfect " just in case you hit a growth spurt .	20	Indefinite
The salespeople are never available , the lines are always too long , and all the people want is a sale .	19	Indefinite
Trudeau will extend that invitation to the 45th president of the United States , whoever he or she may be .	6	Definite
Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .	23	Definite
The Danevirke has remained in German possession ever since .	0	Definite
Their minds are of the stay-at-home order , and their home is always with them – the ship ; and so is their country – the sea .	4	Definite
But there is a way of looking at a halter that would provoke the most charitable of saints into a kick .	8	Indefinite
At present , there are no plans for additional meetings with foreign powers to discuss the Bush exploration initiative or to extend an invitation to China to join the space station partnership , Beutel said .	22	Indefinite
Typically in the back of the paper .	2	Definite
It 's historical for Sf , so when your aunte comes for a visit , take her there .	12	Indefinite
The Schlei and the wetlands between the Danevirke and Husum had frozen solid in a hard winter , and the territory immediately south of the Danevirke had been conquered by the advancing German army .	19	Definite
London is a deliteful city to visit and easy to get around .	2	Indefinite
Warm and sunny winter weather also ensured a thriving tourism industry , and encouraged many Easterners and Midwesterners to relocate to Phoenix .	7	Indefinite
A demonstration in Berlin , carrying banners supporting Saddam 's regime and featuring three - year old babies dressed as suicide murderers , is defined by the press and by political leaders as a " peace demonstration " .	26	Definite
He demonstrates an excellent " Judicial Temperament , " being courteous , mild - mannered , respectful of all people ; careful in his work , meticulous in detail .	2	Indefinite
Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis ( and assume everything will work out at month end ) ?	8	Indefinite
He has clearly gone on enjoying killing people on a large scale in Iraq .	9	Indefinite
He found himself tending toward a jacket and a tie .	8	Indefinite
The measures shall be adopted according to the voting rules governing the adoption of the act from which a temporary derogation is sought .	7	Definite
That changed on September 22 when President George W. Bush , Musharraf and Karzai held a three way meeting in New York on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly .	26	Definite
the Pole who had danced the gazatska became the man with whom he gravitated to a quiet corner so that they could talk about the curious grammar-structure of Gala and the Lambala group of languages .	15	Indefinite
It might have been connected with the philanthropic desire of giving the criminals something to do .	6	Definite
The Chili Relleno .. had no batter on it .	0	Definite
The paper-type twist ties will deteriorate a little , but the dryer filter screen will catch the fallout .	10	Definite
Users can view and print the components in view-only mode , but they can not interact with the components or use the design capabilities .	5	Definite
In April — before the Swift boat veterans had said a word — Kerry said Bush “ has yet to explain to America whether or not , and tell the truth , about whether he showed up for duty . ”	10	Indefinite
However , the news reports ( BBC etc. ) were very encouraging in that the authorities were reportedly making strenuous efforts to evacuate the population from near the coast and areas that are prone to flooding .	2	Definite
The evaluator made the following main recommendations :	0	Definite
Lunar landers and other gear needed for extended visits to the moon will be lofted by gargantuan launchers as big as the Apollo - era Saturn 5 , the most powerful rockets ever flown .	10	Definite
The civilians in the Department of Defense only know how to blow things up .	0	Definite
Below are some emails to friends explaining a little more about this effort .	7	Indefinite
He spoke as a Jew to a Jew about Jewish powers of speech .	6	Indefinite
Socotra is considered the jewel of biodiversity in the Arabian Sea .	8	Definite
On the fifteenth day I came in sight of the big river again , and hobbled into the Central Station .	9	Definite
Only the gloom to the west , brooding over the upper reaches , became more somber every minute , as if angered by the approach of the sun .	26	Definite
First , the event is unimportant .	2	Definite
We had a lot of colonies containing a lot of ants , and wherever possible we conducted the experiment blind .	7	Indefinite
he told me he was going to be the first African at the bar here .	8	Definite
You might therefore wish to start right in on the first page of text that follows and only then return to this introduction .	9	Definite
However since the elections Iranian influence has proved critical in convincing the Hazara Shia candidate Mohammed Mohaqeq to accept the results of the elections and later convincing Qanooni to do the same .	11	Definite
A thoroughly comprehensive service ; excellent communication and best of they are transparent with their fee ( ie nothing is simply implied or assumed ) .	0	Indefinite
I 'm considering taking a job with Steiner and noticed I have to pay for all my travel .	4	Indefinite
Such integration could be facilitated by wide availability of and easy access to information relating to the sustainability of their products .	16	Definite
Nabeel Hussain , 21 , Waltham Forest Lest you be confused with the suspects from an earlier plot foiled in Canada a few months ago : Fahim Ahmad , 21 , Toronto ;	15	Indefinite
This place is identical to the Youngstown Sports Grille , so I imagine they are owned / operated by the same people .	19	Definite
Assignments have already been made and I will schedule a conference call later this week to discuss related details .?	9	Indefinite
As recently as last week the official line stated they had no knowledge he had entered the country .	5	Definite
How can I change my boarding station against the ticket I booked a month back from counter ?	12	Indefinite
Money ca n't buy you happiness ... but it does bring you a more pleasant form of misery .	12	Indefinite
I saw her sometimes : in a bright pink dress , a sparkling drink in her hand , on the arm of some foreign officer with brocade on his shoulders , at the edge of a marble patio .	32	Definite
The ' high weirdness ' and more hardcore political ' factions ' must perhaps integrate and arrive at a synthesis .	0	Definite
There was a smell of woodsmoke ;	2	Indefinite
The novel concerns Lucien De Rubempré , a young poet trying to make a name for himself , who becomes trapped in the morass of society 's darkest contradictions .	0	Definite
What you are doing is creating a service .	6	Indefinite
Contrary to all rational expectations , a group of citizens armed with not much more than sticks and shields made of cardboard boxes and metal garbage - can lids overwhelmed a police force firing live ammunition .	30	Indefinite
Just because Al Qaeda likes its truck bombs and the like to be effective does not mean they do not see the value in a deadly missive .	9	Definite
" The police should be politisized , and should become , to whatever extent necessary , a partisan paramilitary arm of the revolutionary government " ?	21	Definite
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year .	7	Definite
In my letter to Le Monde I had said that in the French tradition there were two attitudes toward the Jews : a revolutionary attitude which had resulted in their enfranchisement , and an anti-Semitic one .	11	Definite
As an infant Balzac was sent to a wet-nurse ;	7	Indefinite
Take the kittens back to the shelter .	1	Definite
Mr. President , as a Nobel Peace Prize recipient and as one of the fathers of the modern peace process in Israel , do you still think that there is a future to the peace process ?	4	Indefinite
taking young cat with me for a week out of state ?	6	Indefinite
A national of each new Member State shall be appointed to the Commission as from the date of accession .	0	Indefinite
A lot of intellectual effort has been devoted to devising better ways of maximizing advertising and marketing budgets – targeting customers , especially the affluent , who might actually buy the product .	30	Definite
In September 1944 , a fleet of Japanese ships hiding in the harbor were sunk in a daring raid by the US navy .	20	Definite
Is it better to book a cruise online or by a travel agent ?	5	Indefinite
Most of the rooms at these hotels have their own bathroom , but there are a few rooms at the Hafijj Hotel and Socotra Hotel that must share bathrooms .	2	Definite
Still , you have a better chance of some peace and quiet , and the weather can be surprisingly better in April and September than in mid-July – again , it ’s all part of the uncertainty principle .	14	Definite
Therefore , Madam President , I would ask you to request that the Commission express its opinion on this issue and that we then proceed to the vote .	26	Definite
Transfer the cupcakes to a wire cooling rack as quickly as possible when cool enough to handle .	1	Definite
The employees are really friendly .	0	Definite
Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today .	5	Definite
Ron 's magic wand was lying on top of a fish tank full of frog spawn on the window-sill , next to his fat grey rat , Scabbers , who was snoozing in a patch of sun .	33	Indefinite
In general I would say that the staff is attentive and nice .	6	Definite
The furnishing and finishes are great .	0	Definite
During the War of the First Coalition , light quickly began to be shed upon a young Corsican artillery officer , following the French Revolution : Napoleon Bonaparte .	15	Indefinite
He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law .	12	Definite
For that reason the Commission believes that it is still too early to fix limit values for fuel quality for the year 2005 .	3	Definite
And that explains the delay in the signing of a formal defense agreement that was at the heart of Sri Lankan President Chandrika Kumaratunga 's four - day visit to India recently .	3	Definite
* Adopts guidelines to improve reliability and help moderate prices in gas commodity markets , and identifies the capital projects needed to meet these guidelines over the course of the GA II period ( 2003 - 2007 ) . *	29	Definite
should I be embarrassed that I have n't the slightest idea what that means ?	8	Definite
the colours on the mosque almost visible , the silvered burglar grilles on the elaborate houses of the Indian sector .	0	Definite
The wedding had to be postponed as family members fled the outbreak of the war , she said .	0	Definite
Perhaps something got lost in the translation , but the phrase " Chemical Wire Group " has appeared in all the english Pakistan and India papers .	5	Definite
The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral , this tradition started after the civil war .	17	Definite
We have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose .	15	Indefinite
In discussion with Dave , we thought it would be good to put this together in a format of questions and answers .	16	Indefinite
The foundation did not participate in the recent uprising , but it did serve as a defender of those targeted by official repression .	6	Definite
As a result , Tulsa breaks the Oklahoma stereotype of being nothing but a flat , arid dust bowl .	13	Indefinite
XML syntax ( the tags and their placement in a document ) defines and describes the data in an XML document but does n't indicate how the data should be displayed .	26	Definite
We were disappointed with this holiday dinner due to the overall flavor and price of the meal , and accessibility to the Jazz Club .	15	Definite
You think there was someone else would have given you the alphabet ! and electricity and killed off the malaria mosquito , just for love ?	18	Definite
I am just a satisfied customer .	3	Indefinite
However , when you apply a filter by selection , the conditional filter already applied on the field is removed before the filter by selection is applied .	10	Definite
In the standing photo ( from the front ) there is a corner of a rug creeping in , some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord .	6	Definite
But as its economy has expanded by an average of nine per cent per year for the last two decades , so has its demand for energy .	7	Indefinite
Attached is a new link for employees unable to attend the all - employee meeting today at 10 a.m. ( CDT ) at the Hyatt Regency Houston , Imperial Ballroom .	2	Indefinite
Pretending he had n't noticed this , Harry sat down and took the toast Mrs Weasley offered him .	12	Definite
the debtors / creditors partial circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd	0	Definite
An example of a desert island would be the small islands off the coast of Baja California , Mexico .	0	Indefinite
The differences may stem from copying or printing errors , from notes by actors or audience members , or from Shakespeare 's own papers .	0	Definite
There was a violent scuffling noise , the peony bush shuddered and Ron straightened up .	7	Definite
Nevertheless , we want to limit the Council regulations to general provisions and to cover the remaining provisions in implementing regulations .	15	Definite
I 've never heard of the Stillmans .	5	Definite
For example , if you export a table of Customers Orders , you can also choose to export a related Orders Details table and Customers table into the same file .	27	Definite
It emphasizes consumerism , the belief that success always goes to people who merit it due to their abilities , dedication and qualifications , and reinforces , rather than changes , existing ideas related to gender , ethnicity and nationality .	4	Definite
I loved the atmosphere here and the food is good , however the tables are so close together that it feels very cramped .	2	Definite
As stated , the decision is the prerogative of the ECB and would appear inappropriate for the Bank to speak on its behalf by excluding the possibility of looking at other alternatives .	6	Definite
After the war , L'Enfant designed the badge of the Society of the Cincinnati , an organization of former officers of the Continental Army , shaped as an eagle , at the request of Washington .	27	Indefinite
Cervantes hiring Don Quixote to decipher the story of Don Quixote himself .	6	Definite
Schemas provide a model for an XML data document which defines the arrangement of tags and text within all documents referencing the schema .	11	Definite
The best in the area !	0	Definite
Where coordinating tax policy is concerned , the main objective is to limit manoeuvring and distortions on the capital markets .	7	Definite
The Ten Degree Channel divides the Andamans , which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islands , from the 20 or so Nicobar Islands in the south .	10	Definite
Secondly , that is normal behavior as they use the wheels in the night .	12	Definite
Also , I have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go ?	4	Indefinite
In a bulletin , the FBI noted that the surveillance might relate to a plot to disperse a chemical or biological weapon .	1	Indefinite
Mitch Kapor got the name for his company from ' The Lotus Position ' or ' Padmasana ' .	10	Definite
Also the president of the Lombardy region , Roberto Maroni , has reacted by proposing some regional counter-measures to finance private schools .	1	Definite
I think it 's a combination of the beauty , of the imagination , of the freedom .	4	Indefinite
If you have a large infestation , a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of it .	3	Indefinite
This means that in addition to being well-formed , the documents conform to a defined schema .	13	Indefinite
It was a tournament that I wish we 'd actually gone back to more often .	2	Indefinite
From the South - US-75 from Okmulgee , OK , aka the " Okmulgee Beeline . "	1	Definite
He returned with two bottles , placed them on a wooden crate that served as the coffee table , and sat down on the sofa across from Quinn .	23	Definite
So you do n’t have writers coming up with a story and headline , but you will instead have a team of writers choosing the best headlines and then assign it to a particular writer who was not necessarily involved ?	9	Indefinite
And she pulled a heavy book from the stack on the mantelpiece .	3	Indefinite
The Achaemenid troops conquered Thrace , the coastal Greek cities , and the Paeonians .	12	Definite
The severity and the presence of the revolution in the countryside alarmed the Court and National Assembly in Versailles .	12	Definite
You are in a city like many another well , not quite , for Jerusalem is the only ancient city I 've ever seen whose antiquities are not on display as relics but are in daily use .	16	Definite
Pan-democrat Gary Fan of the Neo Democrats failed to get re-elected in this constituency , and resigned from his leadership in his party due to its election defeat .	4	Definite
when i watched werewolf in london ( great film ) that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors .	17	Definite
In the 1960s and 1970s , many 19th century neoclassical buildings , often small and private , were demolished to make way for office buildings , often designed by great Greek architects .	1	Definite
There is a link to the contest page .	2	Indefinite
were you able to discuss the " bad faith " proceedings issue yesterday ?	5	Definite
France integrated the economy of Cameroun with that of France and improved the infrastructure with capital investments and skilled workers , modifying the system of forced labour .	2	Definite
Bogd Khaan said that both Mongolia and China had been administered by the Manchu during the Qing , and after the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911 , the contract of Mongolian submission to the Manchu had become invalid .	12	Definite
" Well , " says the boy , " because it would n't be an accident , and it certainly would n't be a great loss ! "	5	Definite
Why 're you staring at the hedge ? he said suspiciously .	5	Definite
There he rented rooms from a French Huguenot named Christopher Mountjoy , a maker of ladies ' wigs and other headgear .	5	Indefinite
He could detect the effects of the election around him , in the bursts of conflict and the curious intersection of new ideas with old ones .	6	Definite
The staff do occasionally get game info correct , but if you r looking fot a good game and are n't a nerd , do nt ask them .	0	Definite
In the case of the anthrax used in the mailings , there was an electrostatic charge .	13	Indefinite
[ an error occurred while processing this directive ]	1	Indefinite
While dancing ballet takes dedication and requires serious training , you can learn the basics to prepare yourself for further study .	13	Definite
There was also a list of the new books he 'd need for the coming year .	13	Definite
Andrzej Wajda 's movie , Promised Land based on a novel by the Nobel laureate Władysław Reymont , depicts those times and is a worthwhile introduction to the city 's bustling history .	27	Definite
A MILNET brief issued in February 2005 reports , " Due to its position astride the Persian Gulf , Iran has constantly been a threat to the Gulf .	15	Definite
The Pakistan ISI and CIA rarely grant press interviews in connection with an ongoing manhunt .	0	Definite
Copyright and the EU 's principle of free competition should be taken into account in the televising of sports as of other events .	15	Definite
Reach the right people at the right time .	5	Definite
Because Fort Lee is situated above the banks of the Hudson River , there are breathtaking views from almost any window facing the river .	6	Definite
Are the adherent of ' Crowleyan Thelema ' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect ' energy ? '	17	Definite
However , Johnson would not let the military cross the borders and clean out the Communist bases .	6	Definite
Ask any bus or jitney driver leaving from the Port Authority George Washington Bus Station on 177 St. whether s/he can let you off in Fort Lee .	8	Definite
What I love most about this place , other than the food , is that eating here makes you feel like you 're in a small town rather than Baltimore .	24	Indefinite
- it dries out , losing the water that is soaked into the set structure	12	Definite
Your Santorum cocktail creation has already received media coverage from publications including ; The Brooklyn Paper , The New York Times , Jezebel , Metro.us , EDGE on the Net , and Instinct Magazine .	17	Definite
The service was friendly and fast , but this just does nt make up for the lack - luster product .	15	Definite
And she offered him the flowerpot .	4	Definite
Who could stop a suicide murder in the midst of the crowded line waiting to be checked by the airport metal detector ?	7	Definite
. . . Murph Archibald is Red Blount 's nephew by marriage , and in 1972 , he was coming off a 15 - month tour in Vietnam in the infantry .	21	Indefinite
He was commissioned as a captain in the Corps of Engineers on April 3 , 1779 to rank from February 18 , 1778 .	4	Indefinite
Hydrogen peroxide reduced infected ant fatalities by 15 % , and the ants varied their intake depending upon how high the peroxide concentration was .	20	Definite
I spent 3 months going from shop to shop trying to get my Ferrari to run and drive the way it should .	18	Definite
While air mass identification was originally used in weather forecasting during the 1950s , climatologists began to establish synoptic climatologies based on this idea in 1973 .	11	Definite
After changing the security mode , it is strongly recommended that the SA password be changed by using the Set Login Password command ( on the Tools menu , point to Security ) .	11	Definite
I do n't know where the hell he may be .	5	Definite
The first is the harmonisation of national development policies and regional development policies .	3	Definite
From a moral standpoint , you guys are really gon na take 2,000 bucks from someone that needs that truck to work and support his family when you know it s just a piece of scrap metal ?	1	Indefinite
" Tonight we are carrying out punishments using a high beam , " the post reads .	8	Indefinite
Indeed , it is quite in keeping with the positions this House has always adopted .	8	Definite
The next morning , and for many mornings to follow , Quinn posted himself on a bench in the middle of the traffic island at Broadway and 99th Street .	0	Definite
It is a bustling place where separate parties are seated at the same table ( as in many European cafes ) , but if you are OK with that , the food is very good .	30	Definite
all of the pho places taste the same to me , so what seperates one from the other is the service and the price .	22	Definite
Iron is an essential element the body requires to produce hemoglobin , the protein found in red blood cells that 's responsible for transporting oxygen to tissues in the body .	2	Indefinite
Suicide murders are not a new invention but they have been made popular , if I may use this expression , only lately .	4	Indefinite
I know you must be going nuts with all the events , so I have not called .	9	Definite
Come visit irc server : irc.yankeedot.net and join # audiobooks for sharing , discussion and a great trivia game !	15	Indefinite
If this interpretation required knowledge on Stillman 's part , then Quinn would accept this knowledge as an article of faith , at least for the time being .	25	Definite
This extradition and imprisonment of Al Qaeda leaders , along with US support for Israel and the Mubarak government in Egypt , remains foremost in the mind of Dr. Zawahiri .	25	Definite
BDSM as business : An interview with the owners of a dungeon	10	Indefinite
Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stops	11	Definite
Japan protested , to no avail , that the project should be a joint one .	8	Definite
However , the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list .	2	Definite
One of the Wesley boys wrote the hymn .	2	Definite
Wilkes was re-elected and expelled twice more , before the House of Commons resolved that his candidature was invalid and declared the runner - up as the victor .	9	Definite
Quinn turned his attention to the young woman on his right , to see if there was any reading material in that direction .	5	Definite
It turns out that a lot of dolphins are being sold as meat in the whale meat market around the world .	19	Definite
Just yesterday we switched over to a new site which has a demo of the VM ( virtual microscope ) I invite you to check it out .	11	Indefinite
We want an original take .	2	Indefinite
How did you first hear about the definition of the santorum neologism that grew out of the contest from the Savage Love advice column ?	19	Definite
Some critics consider Balzac 's writing exemplary of naturalism - a more pessimistic and analytical form of realism , which seeks to explain human behavior as intrinsically linked with the environment .	10	Indefinite
Keep a notebook by hand before you start your workday .	1	Indefinite
The doctor swabs her upper arm with antiseptic and says , “ I ’m going to give you something to numb it , okay ? ”	0	Definite
If someone asks you why you pushed all the buttons , you can honestly say , " It was just a joke ! "	8	Definite
The economic analogue of codependency applies especially well to the US and China .	9	Definite
Settlements some centuries old , and still no bigger than pin-heads on the untouched expanse of their background .	12	Definite
It will be borne by the consumers and will constitute an additional element of the price of electricity used .	5	Definite
These facilities we 've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and providing outstanding access to U.S. and international visitors . "	6	Indefinite
In 1538 the Spanish Inquisition cautioned its members not to believe everything the Malleus said .	12	Definite
It has three parallel chapels at the apse and many lateral chapels between the buttresses .	13	Definite
I needed a part for my appliance , the cost was very high so I said never mind , paid the fee and called a local business for a second quote .	20	Definite
Considering the islands ' huge strategic importance , it is amazing how lax New Delhi has been .	1	Definite
The Chernobyl Children 's Project ( http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp ) offers several ways to help the children of that region .	0	Definite
31 - Number of Bush administration appointees who are alumni of the energy industry ( includes four cabinet secretaries , the six most powerful White House officials , and more than 20 other high - level appointees ) .	11	Definite
The gall of it all is that Bush is stumping for more money to build more refineries , when what he should do is pour money into making the US independent of OPEC or crude oil all together .	0	Definite
It 's on loan , by the way , from a guy named Joe O'Neill in Midland , Texas .	6	Definite
Kiara Perkins , a second year USI art major , admitted she was willing to skip class Thursday night to attend the opening exhibit but then circumstances allowed for her to attend the exhibit .	21	Definite
He had been there almost an hour , and the time was approaching for his call to Virginia Stillman .	9	Definite
It had known the ships and the men .	6	Definite
We also know how Dan Rather libeled George Bush and impugned his service in the Texas Air National Guard on a " 60 Minutes II " report based largely on forged documents .	14	Definite
Beth has made our reservations for the Round Table Friday night ( 5/18 ) at Sullivan 's Steak House for 6:30 .	6	Definite
Ever since the industrial revolution brought a massive influx of workforce , Łódź had been a city almost equally divided between four cultures - Polish , Jewish , German and Russian .	15	Indefinite
But your waist measurement has n't changed by so much as half an inch ...	12	Indefinite
At no time during the conversation did the words , " I 'm sorry " ever come out of his mouth .	4	Definite
The government 's ban on diesel vehicles within Athens and the early 1990s initiatives to improve car emissions have greatly contributed to better atmospheric conditions in the basin .	26	Definite
Regardless of method , the winning seeker wins 30 points for his or her team , unlike the books , in which the snitch is worth 150 points .	22	Definite
For this to be possible , what we need from the European Commission are not just good intentions , but clearer guidelines and a firm commitment to monitoring the way these resources are used by the Member States .	28	Definite
If we do not achieve our objective of resolving this dispute , then I fear the WTO will slip on a banana skin .	15	Definite
Getting the Delivery Right	1	Definite
The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting developers .	0	Definite
In 1623 , in conjunction with the publication of the First Folio , the Droeshout engraving was published .	13	Definite
The numbers indicate that in his first four years , Bush not only showed up , he showed up a lot .	0	Definite
The staff , material provided , infra structure , environment & low fees totally above the satisfactory mark	15	Definite
Amazon has become the fourth American company with the largest market capitalisation , surpassing ExxonMobil .	3	Definite
Then I sat on the couch , placed one hand in the cage , holding a millet spray .	11	Definite
The Osage Trail is a rails-to-trails route that begins at the OSU-Tulsa campus and travels north 15 miles to Skiatook .	0	Definite
News coverage of the president ’s years in the Guard has tended to focus on one brief portion of that time — to the exclusion of virtually everything else .	3	Definite
I was awake and lying in bed next morning , looking idly at the wonderful images and inscriptions all around my room , when suddenly I heard the sound of trumpets , as if a procession were already underway .	34	Indefinite
Occasionally he would bump into someone and mumble an apology .	8	Indefinite
You need to substitute a special character sequence ( called an " entity " by XML ) as follows :	4	Indefinite
There 's obviously a reason for that ( lack of employment , low incomes , etc . )	3	Indefinite
The reason is simple :	0	Definite
The prosecution was charging he was a rogue using his contacts from former service in both CIA and the ' Office of Naval Intelligence ' .	6	Indefinite
The way the tax law works , the tax basis for your share distribution will be based on the closing stock price the day preceding notification to the transfer agent .	7	Definite
Please find attached a credit worksheet for a Master Firm contract for the above mentioned counterparty .	3	Indefinite
We said the first people came out of the sun .	2	Definite
" The ISO staff sat in a meeting with the governor 's key energy advisers with poker faces , not saying a word about something that was going on at the exact same moment , '' Maviglio said .	9	Definite
Several years ago I developed a short paper and pencil screening test which , in a small pilot study , discriminated between ADHD , LD , and control subjects .	15	Indefinite
Here 's a story ... as I was waiting at the bus stop ( 7:35 am ) to go to school , a lady approached me and asked if I 'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus .	10	Definite
This transmittal and / or attachments may be a confidential attorney - client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential .	8	Indefinite
Compact 's Corona dryers remove at least twice as much water as the previous dryers , allowing a production increase of over 10 % and a significant energy saving .	17	Indefinite
When victims and witnesses speak up , at least sometimes a child is protected , the truth is exposed , and justice is done .	10	Indefinite
This is the largest island , where Neiafu is found .	2	Definite
Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal , in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him .	20	Definite
Tourists like the other reviewer might not appreciate their efficiency or quality , but I certainly do .	2	Definite
He stomped flat-footed from the room .	4	Definite
To strengthen America 's position , and at the same time to do good ;	8	Definite
He did not even give me the chance to say i would stay on the ventilator longer , which i would have .	14	Definite
I have no idea how China Delight won number 1 Chinese restaurant in Montgomery - There needs to be a recount on that vote .	19	Indefinite
Autumn is from mid August onwards as far as the weather goes if not officially according to the calender .	9	Definite
Emergency teams in the southern US are battling to reach survivors of Hurricane Katrina , the most destructive storm to hit the country in decades .	15	Definite
I was a prospect , an exotic prospect in old tennis shoes and a sweatshirt .	2	Indefinite
A few days before Christmas 2003 , after a renewed audiotape threat by Zawahiri of attacks , to include in the US homeland , the threat level was raised to orange or " high . "	8	Indefinite
The South Shropshire Hills are far closer .	0	Definite
I think it is wonderfully responsible that you are going into this rescue eyes open and are getting the opinions of qualified professionals ( and a bunch of Yahoos ) before you decide to take this horse on .	25	Indefinite
But this approach , which has been used since the middle of the last century , has not been effective with mosquitoes , owing to their fragility .	12	Definite
In the past Muggle Quidditch has mainly been played at colleges in the US , but over the last few years there has been a dramatic rise in the number of community teams .	17	Definite
Yes the parking can be a challenge but being from NJ I am no stranger to tight corners .	5	Indefinite
He took a deep breath , scattered the powder into the flames and stepped forward ; the fire felt like a warm breeze ; he opened his mouth and immediately swallowed a lot of hot ash .	20	Indefinite
Reports are circulating in the intelligence community that the Andaman Islands are not only thick with Myanmar rebels .	8	Definite
Oh you make the usual mistake of seeing the life of the African people as a blank ... and then the colonialists come along and we come to life – in your compounds and back yards .	3	Definite
Readers of the Savage Love advice column selected a new definition for the Senator ’s last name , and Savage created a website SpreadingSantorum.com to promulgate the spread of the phenomenon .	8	Indefinite
The man told him that a war between the two universes is coming , as he and Walter had predicted ; it is for this reason that Olivia , among others , was trained as a child .	35	Indefinite
All the food tasted excellent , and with the new renovation of chairs and the bathroom , it is awesome .	8	Definite
Montalvo is holding a copy of the book Blown for Good critical of Scientology , written by Marc Headley .	3	Indefinite
The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mother s father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that 's a common misconception ( http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm ) .	30	Indefinite
I chose the later , but approached the front desk about the hotel policy to push over their responsibilities on local authorities , not to mention the good night s sleep i paid for but did nt get .	11	Definite
Rent a car and spend a couple days outside of Dublin seeing the countryside and you will have the trip of a lifetime .	12	Definite
Nordau was also the co founder of the World Zionist Organization .	3	Definite
You look at the general patterns .	3	Definite
Never fill a box until it is so heavy that you ca n't lift it safely .	2	Indefinite
We 've got a Steven , the one word that did n't crash my spell - check , despite it being followed by a Vikash Chand Abdul Shakur .	3	Indefinite
She died from infection caused by severe eczema after they shunned effective conventional medical treatments for homeopathy , a form of alternative medicine that has been described as pseudoscience .	18	Indefinite
I went from a pain scale of 8 - 9 to 0 and I was able to run in the Crim just a week later !!	3	Indefinite
On the other hand , the US should strong - arm India and Pakistan into a final settlement of the Kashmir issue .	1	Definite
In Venus and Adonis , an innocent Adonis rejects the sexual advances of Venus ;	9	Definite
( 1 ) Everyone charged with a penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his defence .	6	Indefinite
The Ottoman Empire and Russia were denied permission to keep their war fleet in the Black Sea .	0	Definite
KSM explained that Moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax work being done by US - trained biochemist and Al Qaeda operative , Malaysian Yazid Sufaat .	14	Definite
I 'm looking for the confidentiality agreement , which may be in Bart 's files ( have n't checked closely yet ) .	4	Definite
Nevertheless , as time wore on he found himself doing a good imitation of a man preparing to go out .	10	Indefinite
" I have to congratulate Andy -- to get to No. 1 in the world that 's an incredible achievement , " the American said .	22	Definite
This year it overtook Japan as the world 's second largest consumer of energy , behind the US .	6	Definite
Look for a lot of stripes in their head that starts from the beak and goes back to the back fo the bird .	2	Indefinite
It is far simpler , however , to achieve a trillion spore concentration in the production of a few grams than in industrial processing typical of a state sponsored lab .	17	Indefinite
You can filter on more than one field at a time to further narrow the focus .	9	Indefinite
Please check out my who let the dog out blog .	6	Definite
I drafted the Into TVA Option as a series of calls tied to the MOPA delivery term and quantity - not sure if this anything close to what you all had in mind .	13	Definite
I like to imagine the thought processes going on in W 's head if he were to actually read the letter , but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter .	19	Definite
La Peau De Chagrin , among his earliest novels , is a pessimistic tale of confusion and destruction .	11	Indefinite
Wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature of California 's market structure makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit .	5	Definite
Every time the elevator reaches a new floor , say “ ding ! ” very loudly .	2	Definite
His father Mohamed El-Hassan Mohamed said he was taking his entire family to the U.N. headquarters in New York , because international dignitaries wanted to meet with his son and express their support .	13	Definite
Madam President , I should like to draw your attention to a case in which this Parliament has consistently shown an interest .	11	Indefinite
We used to go out and lay in the pasture on a blanket and watch for the space shuttle .	16	Definite
Quinn asked him about the essay .	4	Definite
In February of 2005 , Iran and Syria agreed upon a mutual protection pact to combat " challenges and threats " in the region .	22	Definite
I believe the fuel consumption will be tolerable as well .	2	Definite
- The target groups for the programme have been reached in part with a very high participation by law enforcement officials ;	13	Indefinite
He traveled under an alias and was accompanied by a former US Army sergeant named Ali Mohammed .	9	Indefinite
In some cases , for example Hamlet , Troilus and Cressida and Othello , Shakespeare could have revised the texts between the quarto and folio editions .	18	Definite
Remember that there is a nine-hour difference between Sochi and New York , and a 12-hour difference between Sochi and the US West Coast .	20	Definite
Thought adding a comment would save someone the hassle with a useless trip there .	10	Indefinite
My cat s Called Frank because the year we got him was the year Frank Sinatra died	12	Definite
His forecast represented a simple extrapolation of two trends :	3	Indefinite
1580 Catherine de Medici of France is a keen chess player .	7	Indefinite
The IIP had also been the main force urging Sunni Arabs to participate in the elections scheduled for January , and had been opposed in this stance by the Association of Muslim Scholars .	5	Definite
All the same , we must not content ourselves with enacting European law to ensure greater safety .	1	Definite
The renovation project , which lasted for months , cut off this important route between the north and south of Europe .	15	Definite
Investigators said the nun , Margaret Ann Pahl , 71 , was strangled and then stabbed , with nine wounds on her chest forming the shape of an inverted cross , a well - recognized Satanic symbol .	27	Indefinite
The other is a new fuel tank " guaranteed " by NASA not to shed potentially fatal hunks of insulation .	3	Indefinite
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency says some crops may have higher yields with increased levels of carbon dioxide .	0	Definite
Cities such as Falluja received special treatment from Saddam and enjoyed a disproportionate share of the country 's wealth and power .	15	Definite
750,000 - Tons of toxic waste the US military , the world 's biggest polluter , generates around the world each year .	18	Definite
Arrange rack in the middle of the oven .	3	Definite
The limestone plateau and the Hagghier Mountains are the richest areas for endemic plant species , but endemics are found throughout the island in every type of vegetation .	8	Definite
A young black man with sunglasses and a thick , springy mat of hair shaped to a crew-cut by topiary rather than barbering had cut through the crowd with the encircling movement of authority .	7	Indefinite
I would like to repeat my appreciation to all the speakers and especially to the rapporteur , Mr Koch .	14	Definite
My pharmacy order is always correct and promptly delivered but the pharmacy staff are always very short with me and do n't seem to like answering questions .	10	Definite
And around and around it goes , shouted the boy , suddenly spreading his arms and spinning around the room like a gyroscope .	21	Indefinite
Try google to find the title if you would like to read it .	4	Definite
In early June 2003 , a CIA report concluded that the reason for Atta 's and Zacarias Moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	5	Indefinite
Rate the routes , with understandable markings and a more detailed system than easy , moderate , and hard .	1	Definite
Then someone says that it ca n't be long now before the Russians write Arafat off .	11	Definite
But the terms that Russia is demanding , if accepted by the West , would fatally undermine Ukraine 's sovereignty ;	11	Definite
Find multiple methods for making Skittles vodka after the jump -- and soon you 'll be tasting the rainbow !	8	Definite
So , I believe the invention of the computer Internet is an inevitable consequence of a previously proven , biologically successful model .	15	Indefinite
To do this , choose pads ( the flat , oval-shaped sections that make up a cactus ) that are 6 months old or older and cut them at the base .	7	Definite
Importantly , studying eye movements offers an insight that does not depend on the participants ’ beliefs , memories or subjective impressions of the artwork .	6	Indefinite
Mike one of owners was awesome , he explained the detailed plan , and executed on time , I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .	9	Definite
I 've only had good experiences at Adorn , I was greeted and offered a refreshment .	14	Indefinite
plz bring your dog to the vet ASAP !!!	5	Definite
Mrs Plooij - Van Gorsel , I can tell you that this matter is on the agenda for the Quaestors ' meeting on Wednesday .	15	Definite
( it 's all outdoors and the pictures are only a fourth of the real Everland ! )	13	Definite
In the town of Hillsborough , just outside Chapel Hill , someone firebombed the Republican Party headquarters last month .	13	Definite
A black man in khaki shorts ( used to be a white man in white stockings ) sprayed a cloyingly perfumed insecticide over the passengers ' heads as a precaution against the plane harbouring mosquitoes and tsetse flies .	31	Definite
Gasping for breath she pulled a large clothes brush out of her bag and began sweeping off the soot Hagrid had n't managed to beat away .	5	Indefinite
I also plan on trying to retake the GMAT test .	7	Definite
and one of the workshops led to a proposal , by Member States , for a Council recommendation .	3	Definite
Spreading democracy over the world , the Americans first fought rigged elections in Syria , but the old corruption continued despite all their power and money could do .	16	Definite
She ’s on the Holbeinsteg bridge .	3	Definite
( do not take away the food dish from the birds , they will associate you as the person who takes away their food ) ....	17	Definite
Later , when Augustus founded the Roman Empire , the Romans referred to the Mediterranean as Mare Nostrum ( " Our Sea " ) .	13	Definite
He was used to walking briskly , and all this starting and stopping and shuffling began to be a strain , as though the rhythm of his body was being disrupted .	18	Indefinite
The young Pettigrew woman was always in a state of enthusiasm ;	7	Indefinite
A CSS merely allows you to specify the formatting of each XML element without much control over the output .	17	Definite
These are the kids who will destroy society , because of the crapfest the American family has become under the post hippie culture , you heard again .	19	Definite
Whether it might have turned out differently , or whether it was all predetermined with the first word that came from the stranger 's mouth , is not the question .	28	Definite
" We called her the inventor of the 89 degrees .	7	Definite
The man was obviously enjoying himself , but the precise nature of that pleasure eluded Quinn .	0	Definite
" In the first place he was too busy " , explains Saintsbury , " in the second he would not have been at home there ....	16	Definite
The liq value for the call is CORRECT .	4	Definite
As the survey cited in the above - linked article shows , most Google users do n't intend to use Gmail , and Google is n't even as popular as Yahoo! and AOL .	1	Definite
the Pole who had danced the gazatska became the man with whom he gravitated to a quiet corner so that they could talk about the curious grammar-structure of Gala and the Lambala group of languages .	24	Definite
Quinn did all his writing with a pen , using a typewriter only for final drafts , and he was always on the lookout for good spiral notebooks .	22	Definite
South Korea 's success over the last five decades owes much to the rapid growth of its well - educated labor force .	5	Definite
The only real feeling was a desire to get appointed to a trading-post where ivory was to be had , so that they could earn percentages .	0	Definite
The difference in the results obtained from the application of D2 Test of attention before and after was statistically significant ( p < 0.05 ) ,	3	Definite
What is the best time of year ?	2	Definite
The inside of the church smelled like damp wood and furniture polish , not alive at all .	0	Definite
The McCutchan Art Center / Pace Galleries at USI bases its exhibit around roughly 100 Polaroids selected from its collection .	0	Definite
According to a couple sources , the world record for the oldest cat was a cat in Devon , England who reportedly live to the age of 36 .	10	Definite
Voting has , in the vernacular of terror , become the new soft target .	4	Definite
" It was an emergency , " Fishman said .	3	Indefinite
Many tens of thousands of acres were planted in citrus and cotton and other crops , and for many years , intensive , year-round irrigated agriculture formed the basis of the economy .	27	Definite
I really do belive he left the nail out becuse of the horse s Hoof condition and It s a added bonus he would get to see her again	6	Definite
The ever increasing volume of goods passing through Europe entails all kinds of risks , known and unknown , for employees and the social environment .	0	Definite
Additionally , the analysis address the perceived reasons for reported discrimination experiences .	5	Definite
Open the page in Access 2002 Design view .	1	Definite
Quinn was rewinding the spool for another attempt when Auster and his wife entered the room .	14	Definite
They will , however , cost a bunch .	6	Indefinite
I said great and Dan arrived on time at 10 am to make the repair .	13	Definite
You can select the proper route and travel plans by consulting the agents prior to the booking ........	11	Definite
The traffic of the great city went on in the deepening night upon the sleepless river .	13	Definite
Baudelaire was perhaps one of the first ' death metal ' artists .	5	Definite
Naturally , the Turkish Cypriots will have a place in the representation of the lawful and internationally recognized government of Cyprus .	10	Definite
Let us know your thoughts on this document and if you are comfortable with our using this until such time as the hybrid form is launched .	21	Definite
Kristen Wilkins , curator of " Andy Warhol : Photographs and Prints from the University Collection " at the University of Southern Indiana , January 23 - March 9 2014 .	18	Definite
Dragging back the little curtain from the oval window , she looked into the dazzling glare of space and said , Glorious morning up here ! and they discussed with animation the cold and sudden winter that was left behind .	6	Definite
If Access does n't find a RefLibPaths key , it searches for the referenced file in the locations listed below in the following order :	5	Indefinite
Forget the ONE or more contract questions .	1	Definite
So I am in limbo regarding a bedroom suite .	6	Indefinite
By mid-1962 , Brooks and Carson had largely finished the editing , and were laying the groundwork for promoting the book by sending the manuscript out to select individuals for final suggestions .	19	Definite
In the final two steps , the dancers firmly stamp their feet on the ground .	1	Definite
Bogd Khaan said that both Mongolia and China had been administered by the Manchu during the Qing , and after the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911 , the contract of Mongolian submission to the Manchu had become invalid .	23	Definite
" The governor believes it was the defining moment , when what was a mounting problem turned into an instant crisis , " Maviglio said .	6	Definite
( Also , it might be a good idea to wrap the $ 1 bill in dark paper to reduce the risk of mail theft ) .	6	Indefinite
Of course , this is not a groundbreaking insight .	6	Indefinite
The conference will also discuss what it will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to achieve an efficient regime for ensuring that the nation has a reliable grid and regional trading system .	0	Definite
Big Cities like New York , Boston , Philadelphia on the East Coast .	10	Definite
Eddie Chu received the largest vote in any geographical constituency	3	Definite
Since 1973 , Le Monde has openly taken the side of the Arabs in their struggle with Israel .	11	Definite
About exporting or copying a PivotTable view to Excel or other applications	4	Indefinite
A film changing bag is a handy way of unloading your exposed film in the field .	0	Indefinite
4 . In Section 6.2.1 I 'll just note that the discount rate sentence I think is still an open issue .	10	Definite
When there are a lot of people , say , " You 're probably wondering why I 've gathered you here today . "	3	Indefinite
There are a lot of genetics at play between a Sussex and Silkie , so the offspring would vary in appearance .	15	Definite
They do have a good selection of fabric and notions .	3	Indefinite
Mr President , I support the main proposals of the report concerning the administration of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund for the period 2000 - 2006 and the main recommendations of the report which include the following :	9	Definite
The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter , the president of the Independent System Operator , acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .	34	Definite
It 's uncompleted though , because the word is part of the term ' aviation '	11	Definite
The problem is whether one cares what happens to the polar bears , checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables .	0	Definite
If you are moving the line away from the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows larger .	32	Definite
As a young man , he had published several books of poetry , had written plays , critical essays , and had worked on a number of long translations .	1	Indefinite
Google has finally had an analyst day -- a chance to present the company 's story to the ( miniscule number of ) people who have n't heard it .	17	Definite
Likely the most well - known person from the Copper Age is Ötzi , the frozen mummy who lived during 3300 BC .	8	Definite
Abbas , a refugee himself from what is today the northern Israeli city of Safed , called the refugee issue " very important and very dangerous . "	9	Definite
Whatever the rules were , the fights often resulted in the death of one of the stallions .	5	Definite
I never stayed more than two weeks at a time when I visited the U.K .	13	Definite
In the light , Margot Wentz 's head was the figurehead of a ship above the hulk of her body :	15	Definite
In 1591 the authorities reported that John Shakespeare had missed church " for fear of process for debt " , a common Catholic excuse .	20	Indefinite
The severity and the presence of the revolution in the countryside alarmed the Court and National Assembly in Versailles .	9	Definite
Water the mature basil plants once a day , in the morning , so the water has time to soak in and evaporate rather than sitting on the plants overnight .	10	Definite
NASA intends upon retiring the space shuttles in 2010 , which only leaves it with 18 flights towards the ISS .	4	Definite
First driving out the Americans , then fighting the Shia back into submission ( as in 1991 ) .	3	Definite
A voucher is generated that can be saved on your smartphone , or presented at the till .	15	Definite
Catalano moved back to the area after living in London and then Glasgow , where he had studied jewellery design at Glasgow School of Art .	4	Definite
On the other hand though , if I 'm a client he should really of called back by now because you do n't leave a customer hanging .	1	Definite
The last time I did that I was suggested to buy oblivion when I told them I was looking for a fps .	20	Indefinite
kolkatta is an Indian State .	2	Indefinite
80 - Percentage of the Iraqi workforce who are unemployed a Year after the war .	13	Definite
*** Mary Perkins - Could you forward the number of transactions and accounts .	7	Definite
This was the great beginning of a new social revolution , which was the result of the democracy under Clisthenes ( 508 BC ) .	16	Definite
F.O.B. refers to the following terms : Seller is responsible for freight , unloading and storage up to and including delivery in warehouse , Buyer is responsible for storage , loading and freight after delivery .	3	Definite
Imagine a hotel having problems with people .	1	Indefinite
For now , analysts are hesitant to write off the service for dead .	9	Definite
I was very happy with the customer service and even more please with the portion size , to go box set up and quality of the food for the price .	13	Definite
He reports that the Iraqi Islamic Party , which had earlier been absolutely committed to getting out the Sunni vote , is now wavering and saying their position will depend on the situation .	3	Definite
He said angrily to Wentz , directing the remark at the wife through the husband , What did you get in return that was worth it ?	13	Definite
This means we ca n't look at the issue you raise with these animals .	7	Definite
In earlier periods the large majority of participants were law enforcement agents , reflecting the priority to establish closer professional ties for a more efficient fight against euro counterfeiting .	22	Indefinite
This is , perhaps , not the best example of the technique , though it is the most well-known .	6	Definite
Dando refused and Vivien had to go home to the children , and Rebecca Edwards protested that hers were alone too .	9	Definite
He spoke round the obstacle of a woman standing between them .	3	Definite
I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .	22	Indefinite
Although the performance records are patchy , the King 's Men performed seven of Shakespeare 's plays at court between 1 November 1604 and 31 October 1605 , including two performances of The Merchant of Venice .	7	Definite
The unlikely mixture of warehouses and very expensive restaurants and posh atmosphere alongside some of the landmarks of the city 's waterfront makes the Square an interesting place to visit and explore , even for locals .	0	Definite
He wound down the window , the night air whipping his hair , and looked back at the shrinking rooftops of Privet Drive .	3	Definite
If the correct legal name is not in Global Counterparty , the confirmation goes out with the wrong legal name on it seriously compromising the contract itself .	16	Definite
Was the iPhone the first Smart Phone ?	3	Definite
" This government is so consumed with control of information and secrecy yet they do n't seem to be able to get the fundamentals right , " Dewar said .	22	Definite
An act of special creation perhaps .	0	Indefinite
Unlike an opossum , the chicken gives an unconvincing act , as it continues to blink and breathe in an obvious way . "	4	Definite
A work that constitutes a Collective Work will not be considered a Derivative Work ( as defined below ) for the purposes of this License .	4	Indefinite
The lime green Skittles add a sourness to the drink , so if you want one that 's sweet , leave the green ones out and add them to their own bottle for a sour lime vodka .	21	Definite
Fort Lee is the first town on the New Jersey side of the bridge .	3	Definite
However , in the mid-1980s , Cleveland earned the nickname the " Comeback City ' as the urban core experienced a dramatic revitalization process that continues today .	16	Definite
An Irish pint is larger than a US one .	6	Indefinite
I am doing a project and need to know what kind food Argentina people eat for breakfast , lunch , and dinner .	3	Indefinite
A horn tooted to the right , and I saw the black people run . A heavy and dull detonation shook the ground , a puff of smoke came out of the cliff , and that was all .	24	Indefinite
It seemed to be a kind of soundless laughter , a joke that stopped short of its punchline , a generalized mirth that had no object .	10	Indefinite
York was known as Eboracum by the Romans , who founded the fortress city on the River Ouse in the year 71 .	19	Definite
They grabbed what they could get for the sake of what was to be got .	7	Definite
Due to the Judge in the 1983 case ruling that a CIA agent could not testify using a pseudonym , therefore opening him to cross-examination by Wilson , the prosecution had a problem .	5	Definite
The traditional greeting known as the wai , where you press your hands together as is in prayer and bow slightly , is derived from the Hindu cultural influence from India , and still widely practised .	25	Definite
Remember to notify the local policeman , or Ministry of Fisheries officer if you are entering New Zealand via the Chathams .	19	Definite
The images turned out amazing .	0	Definite
Basically Nook Tablet it has more memory , better battery life and a better processor and a microphone .	16	Indefinite
A mounted escort of some 30 men , all armed .	0	Indefinite
The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced " Vilt-two " — the discoverer was German , I believe ) .	0	Definite
The crew of the Shenzhou VI spacecraft was identified as Fei Junlong , 40 , and Nie Haishen , 41 , by China 's official news agency .	3	Definite
Finally a convenient place close to home .	1	Indefinite
Do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to Hirsohima & Nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in Chernobyl .......	25	Definite
Almost all major intersections are one mile from each other , and exactly in a straight line .	14	Indefinite
Adolf Hitler even held an exhibition of ' degenerate art ' in 1937 , while curating a parallel show of ' Aryan ' art across the street .	16	Indefinite
In July 1918 , the Franco - Monegasque Treaty was signed , providing for limited French protection over Monaco .	4	Definite
You can transform the native XML data into a specific Access format by choosing from the options in the Import XML dialog box .	18	Definite
the Pole who had danced the gazatska became the man with whom he gravitated to a quiet corner so that they could talk about the curious grammar-structure of Gala and the Lambala group of languages .	0	Definite
He had never mentioned his Gringotts bank account to the Dursleys ; he did n't think their horror of anything connected with magic would stretch to a large pile of gold .	26	Indefinite
No doubt there was , some two things that happened to be making noises at the same time .	15	Definite
The sun set ; the dusk fell on the stream , and lights began to appear along the shore .	4	Definite
The article by Thompson assumes that the Maya were ultimately “ peaceful ” people since they lacked apparent defenses .	0	Definite
My kid is making wonderful grades and has reassured me she will graduate within the four year period .	14	Definite
When Bray was delivered to the house there was no one at home but servants well primed to welcome him .	5	Definite
Plastic-type twist ties will hold up in the wash , but may or may not melt in your dryer .	7	Definite
The best part is I got my whole bathroom remodeled for about the same price the other company's were quoting just to fix the shower tile and fixtures .	23	Definite
The p-value associated with the design-based F is thus more accurate ( than the associated with the χ2 statistic ) given the adjustments and calculations take into account the weighted nature of the data .	13	Definite
I 'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems .	6	Definite
Maybe he did n't do a good job and they told him so .	5	Indefinite
Like the majority of sites in southern Europe , the finding dates back to the early 5th century BC .	14	Definite
And I gave it all my heart , all my energy , based upon principles that did not change once I got into the Oval Office .	23	Definite
These people can be a great source of potential pain , and this article is here to help you sort the arrogant from the not-so-arrogant .	4	Indefinite
In the mean time , much stronger friction over land quickly reduces their strength .	1	Definite
A kibbutznik seaman , he has just returned from a voyage .	9	Indefinite
and would you recommend it as a student ?	6	Indefinite
All offices also have free copies of Yucatan Today , a helpful weekly Spanish-English publication listing all events in the city and the surrounding region .	22	Definite
I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .	26	Definite
Hundreds of persons mounted demonstrations against the Fallujah campaign in Tikrit and Huwaijah , as well , according to az - Zaman .	6	Definite
Beyond the naval threat is the possibility of Iran throwing its military muscle into the ongoing struggle in Iraq .	5	Definite
However , on the document , it referred to the database as National Enforcement and Emergency Management Information System and Intelligence System , adding the words " and Emergency " to the name .	9	Definite
the easiest thing would be a fish - but u need to clean the tank weekly , feed it the right amt , etc etc x	0	Definite
Objects or donations should be placed in front of a monk so he can pick it up , or place it on a special cloth he carries with him .	9	Indefinite
As he examined the yoyo , he could hear the child breathing beside him , watching his every move .	9	Definite
An XML schema file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document , providing a series of element names , as well as which elements are allowed in the document and in what combinations .	17	Indefinite
Using chalk , a stick , or your finger , draw a line on the ground 12 " ( 30 cm ) long .	14	Definite
The cause of this celebration is the 10th anniversary of the Nat Gas futures contract .	10	Definite
5 - Percentage of the world 's population that is American .	4	Definite
The city suffered minor damage during WWII , and suffered extensive urban planning in the decades that followed , as the nation rapidly industrialized and urbanized .	0	Definite
This is not the first time deadly stampedes have taken place during the Hajj , with the deadliest stampede during the 1991 Hajj , in which 1,426 pilgrims were trampled .	12	Definite
You can apply a filter to a row or column field to show the top or bottom n items based on a total .	6	Indefinite
The price of crude oil on the international market hit a record $ 70.85 a barrel due to the vulnerability of oil and gas fields in the Gulf of Mexico .	0	Definite
I used to tan down the street before I was referred to this place by one of my friends .	5	Definite
The history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it not only speaks to Bush 's character as an addictive personality , but may tell us something about his erratic and alarming actions as president .	23	Indefinite
43.6 m - Number of Americans without health insurance by the end of 2002 ( more than 15 per cent of the population ) .	21	Definite
She continues to help me when needed even if I have a service question .	11	Indefinite
When we start the summer process , we will interview the candidate and slot him for your group .	10	Definite
Then to the beat of " dhin , dhin , ... , ta' , ta' " , the dancers begin their step , placing the big toe behind the heel of the other foot .	28	Definite
The first inhabitants of Coron were the Tagbanuas who belong to the second wave of Indonesians who migrated to this area some 5,000 years ago .	6	Definite
" But architecture can build a bridge between the living and the dead and , to some extent , blur the boundaries . "	8	Definite
Archibald says Mr. Bush would come into the office and , in a friendly way , offer up stories about the drinking he 'd done the night before , kind of as a conversation starter .	25	Definite
Spanish is a language often used for day-to-day discourse in many places , although English is the language of preference , especially when dealing with businesses and government .	2	Indefinite
When you copy an interior horizontal line , the new line is halfway between the line you copied and the line below the line you copied .	8	Definite
The radical Shiite Sadr movement issued a statement forbidding the participation of Iraqi troops in the attack on Fallujah , as well .	9	Definite
There is so much beauty all around the island , it is difficult not the appreciate to magnificent scenery and wildlife .	7	Definite
With the Taliban failure to disrupt the Afghan elections , the militants are even more isolated from the mainstream Taliban who want to return home .	10	Definite
it is a transmedia system in the sense first used by Marsha Kinder ( 1991 ) and popularized by Henry Jenkins ( 2006 ) , in which media-hopping networks of intertextualities extend the “ storyworld ” of an original production .	32	Definite
All the regional countries have publicly backed the Karzai government and supported the electoral process , but serious undercurrents remain as they all have their favourite contenders in Afghanistan .	7	Definite
The type of audience :	0	Definite
They , too , need weekly cage cleaning and can cost quite a bit .	12	Indefinite
Living out of synch with nature is the great disease , from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness .	7	Definite
I would be a lot more concerned if the shoe fell off because it was missing one lousy nail .	3	Indefinite
There 's a misconception in this industry .	2	Indefinite
The essay , published as Undersea , was a vivid narrative of a journey along the ocean floor .	8	Indefinite
Some attributions , such as Titus Andronicus and the early history plays , remain controversial , while The Two Noble Kinsmen and the lost Cardenio have well - attested contemporary documentation .	17	Definite
" All you have to do is look at the photographs , " Ed Bangs , wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , told UPI 's Blue Planet ,	20	Definite
I should like to make just a few comments .	6	Indefinite
We did not try the spa on the Mariner of the Seas .	4	Definite
Clean rooms , great for the price and cheapest on the exit .	10	Definite
This has been an ongoing concern for the five years that I have been a Member of this Parliament , and I have raised the issue time and time again .	7	Definite
Starlin took over as plotter the following issue , and began developing an elaborate story arc centered on the villainous Thanos , and spread across a number of Marvel titles .	5	Definite
Much of the violence aimed at American forces is coming from disgruntled Sunni factions that have their own militias , believe the last elections were a sham , and hold little political power in the government .	2	Definite
This is the year you 're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world , as expansion is the theme .	23	Definite
This map shows the location of the Ross Ice Shelf in the Antarctic , and the two known localities for E. andrillae relative to McMurdo Station	15	Definite
For European citizens , it ensures that the public interest is taken into consideration , which is so important to their daily lives .	7	Definite
We ca n't avoid being politicized ( to use a word as murky as the condition it describes ) because it is necessary after all to know what is going on .	14	Definite
But before you fight and win , by force or otherwise , you have to realize that you are in a war , and this may take Europe a few more years .	28	Indefinite
Just put marks over the letters or make up something right on the spot , you might have to take some time on this !	4	Definite
" But architecture can build a bridge between the living and the dead and , to some extent , blur the boundaries . "	11	Definite
“ I do n’t know what G.D.P. growth was during the Washington and Lincoln Administrations , but the institutional developments in those terms had large and long - lasting effects . ”	10	Definite
The Salon Experience from Hell	0	Definite
The p-value associated with the design-based F is thus more accurate ( than the associated with the χ2 statistic ) given the adjustments and calculations take into account the weighted nature of the data .	32	Definite
The exchange of Barrosos caused a big stir .	0	Definite
Protection B documents are the second lowest grade of classified government documents .	4	Definite
this kebab shop is one of the best around the meat is good and fresh and the chilly sauce is the best , keep them lovely kebabs coming and a happy new year to all the staff	20	Definite
The main reason I wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust .	0	Definite
It remains unclear if these figures represent real individuals , or if the authorial " I " who addresses them represents Shakespeare himself , though Wordsworth believed that with the sonnets " Shakespeare unlocked his heart " .	29	Definite
a few squeaks from a wheel are better than the full wrath of a bored pet !	9	Definite
By default , the AllowAdditions , AllowDeletions , and AllowEdits properties of all group levels in a data access page created from a report are set to False .	3	Definite
Last thing , send me a million dollars , I 'm tired of working .	5	Indefinite
You can resize a control by using the sizing handles , or you can resize a control to the height or width of another control .	3	Indefinite
Of course , the tactile trend is closely linked to our growing obsession with making things .	3	Definite
The bill reduces ISS operations by $ 120 million due to the continued reduced capability of the ISS for at least half of FY05 .	0	Definite
Play while the seekers look for the snitch .	6	Definite
On September 24 , 1944 , a group of Japanese ships were sunk by American warplanes in Coron waters as the ships retreated from Manila Bay .	6	Indefinite
In fact , many people Wikinews observed took out their mobiles as they left for the evening and used their own phone cameras to make one further record of the moment - a photo of a photo .	15	Definite
She waggled her fingers , sticky from the marshmallow , and her husband took his handkerchief from his pocket and gave it to her .	7	Definite
The stampede at Islam 's most holy site happened at Jamarat Bridge , during an event where pebbles are thrown at a pillar to represent the stoning of Satan as part of the final rites of the Hajj .	36	Definite
There was another large meal , and an exchange about a bottle of white wine between Dando and his cook , Festus .	10	Indefinite
And if you have n't heard by now , the roster of suspected terrorists has not a Tom , Dick or Harry among them :	16	Indefinite
In the vast majority of cases , this will not occur ;	1	Definite
In this delivery format , your body can immediately start receiving the benefits of the product components as the absorption of vitamins , minerals and nutrients is maximized .	18	Definite
The shed was already a heap of embers glowing fiercely .	0	Definite
I sat in the shadow in my living room for a while , looking at the amorphous mass of the blanket I had been crocheting .	19	Definite
Criminals released from prison during the war served in his company .	5	Definite
Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates .	9	Definite
After that , I just tried to ignore his lack of professionalism and test drive the car .	15	Definite
The accumulation and dissemination of the body of knowledge generated by the ecodesign efforts of manufacturers is one of the crucial benefits of this Directive .	5	Definite
Our experience of art develops from the interaction of several cognitive and affective processes ; the beginning of which is a visual scan of the artwork .	6	Definite
After I discovered a rich seam of internet discussion on the subject , my list had grown inordinately long and covered almost every state in the union .	10	Definite
The staff in Allentown are friendly , helpful and a delight to know ..	9	Indefinite
I do n't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it 's getting to be an issue .	10	Indefinite
The premise with which the administartion is acting is that if they expeditiously suspend everyone 's right to bilateral contracts quickly , it sets up a barrier which the direct access coalition must break through .	28	Definite
In one class , he asks the students if anyone can give him an example of a " tragedy " .	6	Definite
' A radical Shiite Muslim cleric has expressed solidarity with the militant Palestinian group Hamas and said that he should be considered the group 's " striking arm " in Iraq .	1	Indefinite
The way the tax law works , the tax basis for your share distribution will be based on the closing stock price the day preceding notification to the transfer agent .	22	Definite
NCL is a notch below either , in terms of quality and service .	2	Indefinite
It is old news that the Tamil Tigers have developed a strong network within South Africa .	5	Definite
It is the hospitality from Tom and staff , that makes it feel like a 5 star hotel in the middle of the beach .	19	Definite
" Terry did this by himself , '' said Smutney - Jones , executive director of the Independent Energy Producers .	16	Definite
Folks , if it 's Islamic , and fascist , it 's an Islamic fascist .	12	Indefinite
He could be killed years ago and the israelians have all the reasons , since he founded and he is the spiritual leader of Hamas , but they did n't .	7	Definite
He wandered through the station , then , as if inside the body of Paul Auster , waiting for Stillman to appear .	3	Definite
certainly not " normal " photography ... forensic photography is about the facts :	11	Definite
Consequently , I feel we must look to the future and establish guidelines for the mid - term review in 2003 , and thus have an influence on the second phase of programming set to follow 2003 .	25	Indefinite
I have written a lot recently about healing the self so today here are a few words on healing our collective body , mind and soul .	14	Indefinite
The staff is very pleasant and my hair is always fresh .	0	Definite
The " recent events " are likely to be the attacks of 21 October that briefly took down popular websites such as Reddit , Twitter and Spotify as well as many others .	9	Definite
mm it depends on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him in .. atleast as far as i 'm concerned .	4	Definite
A large group of my friends and I rent almost the whole motel every year for a weekend , and the experience and stay have always been five - star .	16	Indefinite
40 - Percentage of wealth in the United States held by the richest 1 per cent of the population .	6	Definite
It is my understanding , from good sources in the Gov s office that the Gov will order Loretta Lynch to expeditiously implement the provision to suspend all parties auhtority to enter into direct access contracts .	9	Definite
We understand that it is important that the two institutions - Parliament and Commission - cooperate and work together and that the current cooperation with the Committee on Regional Policy , and in particular the transport group , is magnificent .	7	Definite
Watch as the chemical compound creates a colorful glow .	6	Indefinite
On Tuesday , the New Zealand government announced the start of a public process to suggest designs for a new national flag , and determine whether their citizens would prefer a different national flag over the current one .	3	Definite
This was too important a conversation to leave to the phone .	4	Indefinite
He 'd also like to see greater enforcement and investigative powers for the Real Estate Council of Ontario ( RECO ) , which regulates agents in the province .	12	Definite
Interim Palestinian leader and the front - runner in the upcoming Jan. 9 , 2005 presidential election Mahmoud Abbas talks during his first official campaign speech in the West Bank town of Ramallah , Saturday Dec. 25 , 2004 .	9	Definite
Flip-flops , hiking sandals , and clog-type shoes are usually a good pragmatic choice for traveling in Thailand ;	10	Indefinite
If I understand the interpreting correctly it seems that Mr Sjöstedt himself believes that national constitutions are more important than Community law .	3	Definite
However , the situation is rapidly changing now with Łódź campaigning and redesigning itself as an up-and-coming destination .	2	Definite
The city regained its importance in Greek civilization , and by 1900 had evolved into a very attractive cosmopolitan city , with abundant neoclassical architecture harking to the nation 's past .	15	Indefinite
Using Alvarez 's dipole antenna to achieve a very high angular resolution , GCA allows ground - based radar operators watching special precision displays to guide a landing airplane to the runway by transmitting verbal commands to the pilot .	37	Definite
The snitch , generally a track runner , runs around ( usually the boundaries ) trying to evade the seekers .	4	Indefinite
Now pines , cypresses , and eucalyptus trees grow there below the domes of the Russian Orthodox church .	11	Definite
the staff is very personable & actually care about the customers safety rather than taking there money .	0	Definite
Subforms and subreports on a form or report are not converted when you carry out the Save As command .	15	Definite
not until the plane had come to a stop on the runway , and they were waiting for the health inspector to come aboard .	10	Definite
The first case is of the mayor Luca Pastorino that in last years received several refusals of his requests for payment because of the religious nursery school and retirement home .	0	Definite
The Mets bring the corners in for a force at home , or maybe they can get the double play if it 's hit up the middle .	25	Definite
He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project Novial .	2	Indefinite
The invasion of Iraq provided marvelous political cover for the GOP not only during those midterms , but during the 2004 Presidential election .	0	Definite
Steve Whitmore , a representative for the LA Sheriff 's office , told LA Weekly in a statement that the case involving Montalvo was being dealt with as charges relating to grand theft .	6	Definite
I had been a patient of Dr. Olbina for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on crowns etc .	3	Indefinite
I completely enjoyed my whole check in experience and was impressed with the friendliness and professionalism of the staff as well as the accommodations themselves .	17	Definite
17 - On 17 November 2001 , The Economist printed a correction for having said George Bush was properly elected in 2000 .	10	Indefinite
We have received the executed Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade , Inc. dated March 2 , 2000 .	7	Definite
In the Middle Ages , most Christians did not have access to the Bible in their mother tongue .	1	Definite
We have some people who are great at politics ; some people we give all the war stuff to ; someone who is in charge of the Britney Spears story of the week — the entertainment stories .	15	Definite
Today 's announcement is an affront to the thousands of dedicated men and women at Johnson Space Center , the greater Houston community and the State of Texas , and I m deeply disappointed with the Administration 's misguided decision .	35	Definite
Harry looked nothing like the rest of the family .	4	Definite
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking to recreate Mohammed 's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on Egyptian leaders .	16	Indefinite
When you export to Excel , detail fields will be available on the PivotTable toolbar in Excel , but the fields wo n't be displayed in the report .	19	Definite
I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it : I do n't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says .	4	Indefinite
The bigger issue , as the IMS consultancy found last year , is the shortage of doctors , clinics , and hospitals , especially in rural areas .	5	Definite
Without QE , which the Fed is now gradually tapering , world trade would have taken a much bigger hit .	4	Definite
A reconciling difference of $ 15 mm exists between the reported DPR and the final accounting p&l as generated on the AS400 .	0	Indefinite
They do check the cart as you leave so do n't try to sneak anything past them .	3	Definite
Less bleak than the tragedies , these four plays are graver in tone than the comedies of the 1590 s , but they end with reconciliation and the forgiveness of potentially tragic errors .	17	Definite
But the depth and persistence of the ongoing crisis have exposed the euro 's fundamental fragilities , and should serve as a warning that today 's technocratic Band - Aids may not hold in the face of another shock .	21	Indefinite
Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revising them as I am sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are .	17	Definite
The purpose of harmonised standards should not be to fix limits for environmental aspects .	0	Definite
Since work has gone to hell , I am hoping to find some excitement in the possibility that LSU may play in the Cotton Bowl ( if Rohan " Alabama " Davey shows up for the next 3 games . )	15	Definite
A kibbutznik seaman , he has just returned from a voyage .	0	Indefinite
Why do I raise the matter ?	4	Definite
This is also important where the prerequisites for the internal market are concerned .	5	Definite
1 . I tested it out by making a figure boat	8	Indefinite
The poster at DH2017 will present the curriculum , its position in the international context and offer the lessons learned from both the design process and the first clinics .	26	Definite
The work !	0	Definite
They recently surprised me a larger order .	4	Indefinite
Quinn walked home the way he had come , lengthening his strides with each new block .	3	Definite
" Nobody thinks that there will be a lot of oil and gas in this part of the world , " he said .	7	Indefinite
Here 's a great vegan cupcake recipe to use as a base for whatever flavored icing you want to add to it .	10	Indefinite
Image ; Pacific Standard , provided by the owners .	7	Definite
It took my tired head a long time to sort that out .	5	Indefinite
‘’ We have a very small number of forces in Shindand with a few helicopters , ’’ says Barno .	3	Indefinite
If you want to take it a step further , look around questioningly at everyone in the elevator when no one gets off at the floors you pushed . [ 1 ]	16	Definite
OMG .. make sure to book a reservation , as this magical place is packed ( in a nice way ) I love that the owner walks around and cares how his customers feel about their food .	6	Indefinite
As a matter of fact , I had plenty to do in fishing my command out of the river .	17	Definite
The spell was over , and yet his body did not know it .	0	Definite
This email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization named above .	9	Definite
Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said the governor felt " betrayed " by the actions of Winter .	5	Definite
Sure , some items are a little pricey , but c'm on ... have you ever been out to eat in Seattle before ?	5	Indefinite
Even if you buy a cake in a baker s you can not be too what happens in the kitchen , for example the cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham .	18	Definite
But they remain uncertain about whether China aims to beat the United States to the moon in its secretive space effort .	10	Definite
Coron has taken an important position in the tourism industry .	3	Indefinite
She was , after all ( in the true sense of after all that had gone before ) an Englishwoman .	7	Definite
It was a woman who opened the apartment door .	2	Indefinite
But business in the audiovisual sector is essentially done by small and medium-sized enterprises .	3	Definite
Human rights are below any reasonable standard , in spite of the grotesque fact that Libya was elected Chair of the UN Human Rights commission .	20	Definite
In particular , he expanded the dramatic potential of characterisation , plot , language , and genre .	5	Definite
by going away from the standard isda maybe we can eliminate these requirements because the payout liability is only 1 - way .	14	Definite
" Most striking is the disappointing performance of Soviet foreign and domestic policy since the late 1950s , " they wrote in 1972 .	14	Definite
A Harley - Davidson spokeswoman said timelines that have been floated in the media -- 2017 or 2020 -- are n't accurate .	0	Indefinite
After they showed up there was a little trouble to get my car unlocked , it took quite a bit of time but the job was well done .	18	Indefinite
The program is well established and we have been extremely satisfied with the teachers , the programs and the director .	12	Definite
The centre of the falls is known locally as ‘ Garganta Del Diablo ’ ( The Devil ’s Throat ) , where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air .	0	Definite
I gave the woman I spoke with today a " You 've been yelped ! " card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna .	31	Definite
Directions from the Kennedy : Take the Ogden Exit off the Kennedy .	10	Definite
We are now suffering from the consequences of our rape of the environment , our rejection of the natural for the industrial , and our embrace of violence over peace .	17	Definite
The way the tax law works , the tax basis for your share distribution will be based on the closing stock price the day preceding notification to the transfer agent .	2	Definite
I know saltwater is a possibility , can you give me a possible stocking option for that too ?	4	Indefinite
On the 1st January 49 BC , Marco Antonio read a declaration from Caesar in which the proconsul declared himself a friend of peace .	1	Definite
" Loving " opens with Richard and Mildred already a couple , eliding over a courtship that would have been interesting to see , if only in brief .	14	Indefinite
The rapporteur has pointed out to the House that in its common position the Council has accepted six of Parliament 's ten amendments put forward at first reading and that the substance of Parliament 's other amendments has been retained .	6	Definite
The doctor begs them to stop intermarrying but they say they have to keep the blood pure .	0	Definite
Wandering among the tombs till I began to think myself one of the possessed with devils . "	2	Definite
In June 2012 , the Icelandic band Sigur Rós released a video for the song " Fjögur Píanó " , starring LaBeouf , in which he appears nude .	10	Indefinite
what a mind blowing servicing	1	Indefinite
Things started to change in October 1777 when British forces under the command of General John Burgoyne surrendered in Saratoga in the north of the state of New York .	21	Definite
P.S. By the way , did you have a chance to take a look at the EOL ?	15	Definite
In 1599 , a partnership of company members built their own theatre on the south bank of the River Thames , which they called the Globe .	13	Definite
Please find attached the most recent update for Merchanting Metals .	3	Definite
They have a BLAST so the sooner they get there , the sooner they can have fun .	11	Definite
It is therefore very odd that the original text has been retained in this amendment .	6	Definite
I rang SRD PAT testing and within 3 hours Scot had come to my premises and PAT tested all my our Spill The Whisky barn dance band equipment , and supplied a certificate for only 70 p per unit .	31	Indefinite
Our project manager ( Scott Laidlaw ) and engineer ( Harry Okabayashi ) want to issue a tasking letter to procure engineering services on this project to support the ENA work .	16	Indefinite
You will run into significant difficulties if you do not have enough cash to pay this tax when leaving the country .	19	Definite
Can you give me the Sitara deal # ?	4	Definite
We exchanged a few words lazily .	2	Indefinite
Cook the quinoa in the oven for roughly 20 minutes , or until most of the liquid is gone .	15	Definite
I was later told they had been left at the warehouse and some future date they would be delivered .	9	Definite
We were in Springfield , IL for a family funeral from Kansas City .	7	Indefinite
For example , build a Lego city in the middle of the elevator .	8	Definite
Although the area is only about 11 percent of the surface area of Europe , the Alps provide up to 90 percent of water to lowland Europe , particularly to arid areas and during the summer months .	1	Definite
The US chose to ally itself with such groups as the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq , whose 15,000 - strong Badr Corps paramilitary was trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards .	10	Definite
I am a 20 something gay black male and I am looking for suggestions on neighborhoods close to the downtown Toronto area .	2	Indefinite
The two ANSI SQL query modes , ANSI-89 and ANSI-92 , are not compatible .	0	Definite
She is important to Africa 's future not only because she is a farmer , but also because she is a woman .	20	Indefinite
George handed the hairpin to Ron and a moment later , Hedwig had soared joyfully out of the window to glide alongside them like a ghost .	7	Indefinite
I would like to see the quotes and a description of the work to be done .	11	Definite
The two institutes were later joined by the Leiden University Libraries .	0	Definite
The Rams , the VCU sports team , also made the NCAA Final 4 this year , too !	10	Definite
To modern audiences , most of whom will have little experience of frontline conflict , Doss ’s feats belong to the realm of the unimaginable .	20	Definite
As the hysteria of the 2016 Presidential election intensifies , a more troubling threat than bullshit preoccupies Karel .	10	Indefinite
While there was some fur and blood on the nine - centimetre blade , Dr. Fortier said he does n't think he hurt the bear badly .	23	Definite
The friendly crew working was great & very helpful .	0	Definite
The Canaanite city was destroyed in a fire , presumably in the wake of a campaign by the Egyptian pharaoh Thutmose III .	6	Indefinite
Your appliances are also murder on the straps , which are almost always the first things to wear out on your overalls .	6	Definite
Archibald says that in a campaign full of dedicated workers , Mr. Bush was not one of them .	4	Indefinite
Take your time and really explore the Maya sites , walk for miles along the Gulf of Mexico , attend a village festival , photograph the wildlife , crawl through a cave or swim in a cenote .	25	Definite
The origin of the word Hispania is much disputed and the evidence for the various speculations are based merely upon what are at best mere resemblances , likely to be accidental , and suspect supporting evidence .	0	Definite
These responses have the added benefit of being natural launching points for conversations about your hobbies , like the writing you 're doing on the side and the great bourbon you tasted the other day .	3	Definite
The investors put big bucks into the building but are clueless about what makes a good dining or bar experience .	14	Indefinite
For my part , I feel that the negotiations were balanced and that they open the way for achieving a sustainable market .	15	Definite
Wikinews has learned that according to an Internet posting made just over 24 hours ago , the Church of Scientology 's website is being attacked by hackers , causing the site to shut down .	6	Indefinite
Despite his aristocratic origins , L'Enfant closely identified with the United States , changing his first name from Pierre to Peter when he first came to the rebelling colonies in 1777 .	26	Definite
In fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .	5	Definite
In addition to their awareness and training content , the Pericles actions have led to a number of structural and other improvements in Member Sates and in third countries .	15	Indefinite
make it fifteen the next day , then twenty , and so on .	3	Definite
The weather varies enormously from one season to the next .	8	Definite
The confidante and right - hand man of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri admitted that Zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to use it against US targets .	0	Definite
It was clean , but just a little dumpy .	6	Indefinite
Put the leash on the dog and just walk around the crate a few times .	12	Indefinite
Little children are raised on deep hatred and on admiration of so - called martyrs , and the Western World does not notice it because its own TV sets are mostly tuned to soap operas and game shows .	17	Definite
The President has also said he would like to see Israel wiped off the map which he could n't even begin to try without nuclear weapons .	13	Definite
Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end , Gemini , and now you 're going to start reaping the rewards these " lessons " have left in their wake .	26	Definite
Place the basil in a blender with a little water .	4	Indefinite
Will the housing market in Dallas begin booming like the rest of the nation has due to the influx of buyers ?	12	Definite
It was unconscious , this smile was , though just after he had said something it got intensified for an instant .	19	Indefinite
Actually working out there was good - the machines are nice and the classes are fun .	12	Definite
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .	24	Definite
We have been able to keep ENA 's direct group expenses flat year on year , we are trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well .	22	Definite
As one that s battled hard through many a broken dream Let me say , " in order to rise to the occasion you must be willing to go down with the ship " ,	21	Definite
He was a blond-haired boy of five or six .	2	Indefinite
10 m - Estimated number of people worldwide who took to the streets on 21 February 2003 , in opposition to the invasion of Iraq , the largest simultaneous protest in world history .	26	Definite
What you get is a $ 13 / day charge to access the internet through a slow 512 / 512 kb / s that you can only use to check email etc ( Read : No downloading ) .	15	Indefinite
Please note that if departing from Europe ( this may apply to other countries ) , you will require to have the visa before boarding the plane .	21	Definite
If you have any questions please feel free to call me ( after Sat. the 26th , when I will return from a trip ) .	14	Definite
Riders accustomed to flat terrain may find Tulsa 's rolling land to be a bit more challenging , particularly during the heat of summer .	13	Indefinite
Our advertising revenue funds community meetups and has even allowed us to donate over $ 60,000 to charities such as the Wikimedia Foundation and Creative Commons .	20	Definite
Please see the message from Danny Jones .	2	Definite
It is the portion from this second boundary up to the outer boundary , the imaginary line that connects the lighthouse landmark at Punta del Este to the lighthouse landmark at Punta Rasa .	19	Definite
the colours on the mosque almost visible , the silvered burglar grilles on the elaborate houses of the Indian sector .	8	Definite
A May 2001 letter that Zawahiri sent to Egyptian Islamic Jihad members abroad establish that Zawahiri used " school " as a code word for the Egyptian militant islamists in his correspondence .	21	Indefinite
The Corporate requirement to lower working capital usage for the Merchanting business irrespective of the above parochial business issues .	9	Definite
The Islamic citizens who have settled since the beginning of the 1960s emigrated primarily from Turkey .	0	Definite
Nearly 30,000 people packed the streets of San Francisco to pay him homage at his funeral .	4	Definite
and then it was morning and Festus 's assistant was at the door with the early tea .	14	Definite
The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges , I finally gave up , he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful .	7	Definite
No questions , please , the young man said at last .	5	Definite
Later , when Augustus founded the Roman Empire , the Romans referred to the Mediterranean as Mare Nostrum ( " Our Sea " ) .	9	Definite
Plus , I work with Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that , instead of having a lawyer she has n't dealt with initial it .	6	Indefinite
What do you think the impact will be for the Paralympic movement will be with the Games being televised live in the United States for first time ?	21	Definite
There 's not that much money in fundamental science at the moment , so I try to cut the costs wherever possible .	18	Definite
Who could stop a suicide murder in the midst of the crowded line waiting to be checked by the airport metal detector ?	3	Indefinite
You can transform the native XML data into a specific Access format by choosing from the options in the Import XML dialog box .	3	Definite
While holding down the ALT key , click the line you want to move .	8	Definite
Esp. the mole , tortilla soup , and guacamole .	1	Definite
Give me a call Tuesday afternoon to discuss ( gone to Kelowna golfing for the weekend ) .	2	Indefinite
The successful UNC Greensboro exhibit included Polaroids of author Truman Capote and singer-songwriter Carly Simon .	0	Definite
In a statement , Governor of Washington Chris Gregoire said , " The Museum of Flight put a tremendous amount of effort into landing a retired shuttle in the Pacific Northwest .	28	Definite
i have tried putting him in a small container and putting him in a dark place for an hour or so and he wo n't touch the pinky .	13	Indefinite
The first ( n = 31 ) participated in the intervention , the control group ( n = 40 ) was only evaluated using the test before and after the same time interval of interventions .	9	Definite
My husband just got a bike there as a gift he 's only had it a month .	8	Indefinite
In any case , since the book is supposed to be real , it follows that the story has to be written by an eyewitness to the events that take place in it .	23	Indefinite
Save yourself a trip !	2	Indefinite
Although Ramzi Binalshibh provided him $ 14,000 in July , accused September 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al Qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks .	23	Indefinite
Day after day , with the stamp and shuffle of sixty pair of bare feet behind me , each pair under a 60-lb. load .	21	Indefinite
The Hong Kong legislative election was held on Sunday , with a record-breaking turnout of around 2 million voters and turnout rate of 58 % .	11	Indefinite
Any suggestions and helpful hints to make this a more positive experience would be extremely appreciated .	8	Indefinite
Falluja has long been roiled by tense relations with the US soldiers there , since local Sunnis either remain committed to Arab nationalism or have become Sunni fundamentalists or even radicals .	9	Definite
The only hope now is that , following the elections , the National Assembly would offer the hand of peace and reconciliation to the dissenting parties .	23	Definite
The local rum distilleries offer tours ( check for opening times as they may very from season to season ) which are certainly worth the while since rum production is a very integral part of Guadeloupe 's economy .	0	Definite
The horse is not in pain .	0	Definite
The rapid development of Łódź in the second half of the 19th century was brought about by the rise of enormous industrialist fortunes .	17	Definite
“ What do you think was the main reason for these experiences ? ”	6	Definite
Like The Two Gentlemen of Verona , in which two friends appear to approve of rape , the Shrew 's story of the taming of a woman 's independent spirit by a man sometimes troubles modern critics and directors .	22	Definite
With an absent smile to Bray across the room , she took up , for a moment , an abandoned beauty .	7	Definite
The area is famous for its World War II wreck diving , and the site has been named in many lists of top dive spots in the world .	0	Definite
If you really want to avoid the crowds , definitely avoid the weekends .	11	Definite
You need to also provide a source a UVB lighting .	5	Indefinite
I found out they did not even drive the car , stated they looked at it before .	8	Definite
It was a cubist piece from the 1920s and I believe you called the technique a " push wa " ( pronunciation Vs an attempt at the proper spelling ) .	13	Definite
The next day , two of Hathaway 's neighbours posted bonds guaranteeing that no lawful claims impeded the marriage .	0	Definite
The way the tax law works , the tax basis for your share distribution will be based on the closing stock price the day preceding notification to the transfer agent .	27	Definite
And I thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations , particularly in the context of something as serious as a US senatorial campaign , by talking about their drinking the night before .	25	Indefinite
the group to which Edwardsiella andrillae belongs includes many species that reproduce asexually , and it 's possible that the fields are " clones " produced asexually rather than the result of sexual reproduction .	29	Definite
He was speedily reassured , and with a large , white , rascally grin , and a glance at his charge , seemed to take me into partnership in his exalted trust .	7	Indefinite
When you make them look bad - even if it is the slightest offense - they will usually be very mad at you .	11	Definite
The sitting was suspended at 7.15 p.m and resumed at 9 p.m .	0	Definite
He then wrote mainly tragedies until about 1608 , including Hamlet , King Lear , Othello , and Macbeth , considered some of the finest works in the English language .	23	Definite
And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka .	21	Definite
The Ukrainian crisis may prove helpful , though that appears less likely now – which may be a good thing to the extent that one unintended consequence could be a loan to Ukraine that is larger than it really needs .	29	Indefinite
Clinton and allies , meanwhile , are seeking to keep the spotlight on Trump , charging that his disparaging comments about women and minorities , and his temperament make him unfit for office .	10	Definite
You 're a Mets fan in late September and you ll fight til the glorious end	2	Indefinite
The above applies to the Derivative Work as incorporated in a Collective Work , but this does not require the Collective Work apart from the Derivative Work itself to be made subject to the terms of this License .	33	Definite
We see the base of the food chain , the plankton , the small things , and we see how those animals are food to animals in the middle of the pyramid , and on so up this diagram .	30	Definite
In color , the leaves show a great variety of greens , ranging from yellowish to bluish .	3	Definite
Festus could be heard retailing the exchange , confidently in the right , in the kitchen ;	5	Definite
They have a BLAST so the sooner they get there , the sooner they can have fun .	2	Indefinite
Thanks for the comment on the hearing .	5	Definite
In the street – I do n't know why – a queer feeling came to me that I was an impostor .	1	Definite
The essay , published as Undersea , was a vivid narrative of a journey along the ocean floor .	12	Indefinite
“ Average age 62 , birth rate 0.22 , net immigration of half a million a year ” —	13	Indefinite
This was an unhappy time in his life , during which he attempted suicide on a bridge over the Loire River .	18	Definite
Both have shared this country for the last 14 centuries and there is no possible way that one can live without the other .	6	Definite
Took a bite , it tasted odd .	1	Indefinite
Nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at the time the penal offence was committed .	8	Definite
Or is there in the world by now a natural understanding of revolution , of mass organization , cadres , police rule , and secret executive bodies ?	4	Definite
Fred brought the car lower and Harry saw a dark patchwork of fields and clumps of trees .	2	Definite
By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with , there was basically no design .	6	Definite
The term of office of the other Judge shall expire on 31 August 2010 .	5	Definite
Will they treat and announce the competitions as they do all others — for better and worse ?	5	Definite
If you would , please review the entire list and let me know if you are in agreement with the presentation by tomorrow evening , if possible .	6	Definite
However , the Web page designer must provide a location from which components can be downloaded , and must reference the site license in a license package file ( .lpk ) that is associated with one or more Web pages .	20	Definite
While we should be proud of our accomplishment , we now must turn to the task of getting our testimony ready by May 5 deadline .?	14	Definite
China 's strong hand in this even extends to the diplomatic realm ; China is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council , and could veto any actions against Iran proposed by the United States .	9	Definite
A package of reforms has been agreed .	0	Indefinite
The station staff at Chiang Kai Shek Memorial Hall Station do an excellent job of crowd control but lines for the subway can still be hours long and very exhausting .	11	Indefinite
The continued Israeli colonization of the occupied Palestinian territories during the 1990s helped , along with terrorist attacks by radical groups such as Hamas , to derail the peace process , which Sharon had always opposed .	27	Definite
He is very professional in his position as a director and yet he still made time to be compassionate for what we were all going through .	8	Indefinite
Are you selling burgers up and down the east coast ?	7	Definite
In the end , these choices provide the greatest number of people with the best opportunity to share in the history and accomplishments of NASA 's remarkable Space Shuttle Program .	13	Definite
According to the Saudi Interior Ministry over 345 Muslim pilgrims have been killed in a stampede during the annual Hajj pilgrimage near Mecca , Saudi Arabia .	17	Definite
There were occasional bears on the deck in the morning .	8	Definite
The Army performed well in combat in Cuba .	0	Definite
On the means of delivery , I am not sure from your note whether or not I fully understand the intent .	19	Definite
Here we need financial starvation of the organizing elite , more power to women , more education , counter-propaganda , boycott whenever feasible and access to Western media , internet and the international scene .	31	Definite
On the other hand , this is essentially a statement that the company is overpriced from the guy who knows it best -- and happens to be the best investor of the last century .	1	Definite
Then there is the famous project No-8 of the 14 very important projects endorsed by the Essen summit .	8	Definite
I have been getting my treatments for a few months now and have seen some results but not up to the standards that I was told I should expect .	20	Definite
The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited by the following restrictions :	0	Definite
The building is typical , it 's a former warehouse .	7	Indefinite
I 'm not kidding , I once lost a hamster in my house 3 months later I walk down in the basement and it was as big as a rat .	20	Definite
They compensate for this by creating the impression that they have a lot of friends - they have a ' quantity , not quality ' mentality .	18	Indefinite
The Congolese band had no idea what music would do , and produced a stomping crescendo ; then one of the Poles played the piano , and Neil Bayley moved in on the drums .	23	Definite
okay so i live in San Rafael Ca like by the mi pueble and the Home Depot .. what are fun things to do around there ?	10	Definite
It is the marrying off of young girls to older men often close relatives that enfurates me .	2	Definite
Excellent service , close to the morse red line stop .	5	Definite
If I have a criticism of the Legal Affairs Committee 's opinion , it is that it is too one-sided .	6	Definite
I think 2012 is going to be a great year for Fujairah as we have A LOT of projects to be done by 2012 .	15	Indefinite
I know by your pyjama trousers , I use exactly the same measurement for new elastic as I always did .	10	Definite
that open violation of the laws are constantly occurring , caused by mobs , parties , factions and undue influence of political sects ;	4	Definite
BC Gas wo n't sign the confirms with the rep in , and this has caused much difficulties .	5	Definite
" If a school bus carrying fifty children drove off a cliff , killing everyone involved ... that would be a tragedy " .	2	Indefinite
She must be a tourist .	3	Indefinite
He was commissioned as a captain in the Corps of Engineers on April 3 , 1779 to rank from February 18 , 1778 .	7	Definite
After the seizure of power by the National Socialists in 1933 there were dispersed attempts to win back the old colonies .	18	Definite
The city was founded by the Spanish conquistadors in the 1540s on top of a centuries-old Maya city called T'ho .	14	Indefinite
Montalvo is holding a copy of the book Blown for Good critical of Scientology , written by Marc Headley .	6	Definite
They have messed up my order and .... The food was just not good !	8	Definite
Andy Haldane , one of the lieutenants Carney inherited at the BoE , has questioned the financial sector 's economic contribution , pointing to " its ability to both invigorate and incapacitate large parts of the non - financial economy .	5	Definite
All the buildings were exploding into tiny little pieces . "	1	Definite
People were encouraged to submit their designs online at www.flag.govt.nz and suggest what the flag should mean on www.standfor.co.nz .	13	Definite
You should book or ensure accommodation before you board a flight for the Chathams , as during the popular months of the tourism season , between October and April , accommodation can be severely limited .	17	Definite
Local public transportation hubs are often swamped by the event .	8	Definite
Women defy the laws of purse-space , so when it comes to bib pockets , the sky is the limit .	15	Definite
His one - day mission vaulted his communist homeland into the elite circle of spacefaring nations - Russia and the United States - that can launch and sustain humans in space .	10	Definite
The centerpiece of this rock concert-like performance is a 15 meter high rotating pig equipped with a fog machine , laser light show and theme music .	8	Indefinite
We are also a group who is looking for members for our own select guild called ULGG of GW ... which is a part of the alliance with the same name .	3	Indefinite
Annoying , you know , to hold your own coat like a parasol over a man 's head while he is coming-to .	14	Indefinite
I revised the language based on our discussions and added the language concerning interest which we had both previously approved .	10	Definite
He was stand-offish with the other agents , and they on their side said he was the manager 's spy upon them .	4	Definite
I do n't want to wait till month end , let 's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order , let s take that value into June since it relates to July puts .	13	Definite
The home page for Rockin on the River is , and it lists all the acts scheduled for the season .	14	Definite
Prior to Emperor Meiji , the names of the eras were changed more frequently , and the posthumous names of the Emperors were chosen in a different manner .	5	Definite
As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now .	14	Definite
Al - Sharq al - Awsat reports that a key eyewitness in the trial of Saddam Hussein for a 1982 massacre at Dujail has died .	8	Indefinite
Following the Board meeting on Wednesday , you are invited to join with members of the DISCO Forum for a Wednesday evening reception and dinner , including a guest speaker .	27	Indefinite
Subject : Where can I get the necessary software to get a " smart " mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps ? ( E.g. , pathalias , smail , etc. )	11	Indefinite
In fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .	16	Definite
If the key exists , Access checks for the existence of a value name that matches the name of the referenced file .	8	Definite
Furthermore , it has transpired that research in the ports in Belgium , Finland , but also in Japan has shown that 50 % of containers with partially dangerous cargo are not delivered correctly for shipment .	8	Definite
Firstly , it proposes the adoption of a regulation improving the transparency and authenticity of quality marks .	7	Indefinite
I got dressed , but my page was quicker than I was and ran out of the chamber to see what was what .	16	Definite
A quick question : we have n't received your invoice for the last few model / paper reviews .	0	Indefinite
At the moment , Germany has a massive surplus in its balance of trade with the rest of the Union , something like 25 billion .	15	Definite
Nigeria , a lovely country .	2	Indefinite
Groom was Republican Red Blount 's scheduler , and in that job , she was the hub in the campaign wheel .	15	Definite
This makes your first language a proto-language — a language that branches off into a family of languages .	8	Indefinite
This program remains successful because of the honesty and integrity of the participants .	11	Definite
The letter bombs were sent in connection with the detention of the blind sheik Abdel Rahman and those responsible for the earlier World Trade Center bombing in 1993 .	0	Definite
If there 's a father of the state , it 's got to be him or no one .	6	Definite
The excellent windows have performed without any problems , but that 's not why I 'm writing my review .	0	Definite
Because the book after all is an attack on the dangers of the make-believe .	9	Definite
The servant bowed confusedly at him , walking backwards , in the tribal way before rank , and then recovering himself and leaving the room with an anonymous lope .	23	Definite
The Best Service Ever !!	0	Definite
2 ) I would like to say on a island with an a ) all inclusive resort ( if possible ) , and a beach front room	8	Indefinite
The popular comic actor Will Kempe played the servant Peter in Romeo and Juliet and Dogberry in Much Ado About Nothing , among other characters .	7	Definite
As he emerged from the subway and entered the great hall , he saw by the clock that it was just past four .	8	Definite
I had immense pain on a Sunday morning , with friends and family telling me that I would never find a Dentist on a Sunday .	20	Indefinite
The receptionist of " Hand made " , the former film making company of George Harrison said : " we do n't have any relation with that man anymore and we do n't want to know anything about him " .	0	Definite
Not only had he been sent back to the beginning , he was now before the beginning , and so far before the beginning that it was worse than any end he could imagine .	15	Definite
As a final point I emphasize that the existing positive actions must be kept in place .	1	Indefinite
Went to the school here OVER PRICED !!!!!!	2	Definite
I am hiring them to come once a week now that they got my house to where they can maintain it for only an hour and a half every two weeks !	7	Indefinite
The second vendor charged $ 55 ( less than half of what A&E charges ) to come and applied that to the price of the repair service ( which A&E does not ) .	24	Definite
Pardon my questions , but you are the first Englishman coming under my observation ... .	7	Definite
I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there , but i do know from personal experience that Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka is not a man of his word , and is also very CRUEL AND UNCARING !!	8	Definite
It is a cloth napkin kind of place , but I thought well worth it .	2	Indefinite
And then , exactly a year ago , Hogwarts had written to Harry , and the whole story had come out .	15	Definite
Leaving a jar with a dozen black worms in it will sate the adult 's desire for snacks and they are more likely to leave fry or eggs alone .	4	Indefinite
He ate a mouthful of the left-over granadilla pudding , and there was the smallest tremor , passing for a moment through his head .	5	Definite
Monotheism and Holy War obviously does have a violent interpretation of Salafism , rather as the the leaders of the so - called German Peasant Rebellion among early Protestants did .	16	Definite
He responded by purchasing a classified advertisement in the Gazette De France , hoping that his anonymous critic would find it .	8	Definite
It 's a massive multiplayer role playing game .	2	Indefinite
A coalition forces spokesman confirmed they had not received " any weapons from Bosnia " and added they were " not aware of any purchases for Iraq from Bosnia " .	0	Indefinite
Because a number of the declarations and signature pages are not yet available electronically , they have not been included with this note .?	4	Definite
The crew at The Creative Workshop went over and above the call of duty and gave me back a car I can drive anywhere and finally enjoy owning .	3	Definite
And between the time I began my research and the time I applied , the minimum score did change once .	2	Definite
He could also wait until the end of his first term to use a provision in the Paris agreement to pull out of the pact .	23	Definite
Once you 've buttered them up a bit try to get them to the pet store and ask one of the employees to handle the snake showing your mom how gentle and harmless they can be .	6	Indefinite
Besides , the wooing power of flowery , gushing compliments is diminished ( to say the least ) when the compliments are displayed in a tiny box at the bottom of the screen alongside cartoon smiley faces .	2	Definite
The countryside is very beautiful , especially if you have a few months ( or years ) to get to know the place .	0	Definite
The centre of the falls is known locally as ‘ Garganta Del Diablo ’ ( The Devil ’s Throat ) , where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air .	22	Definite
I believe that the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the common fisheries policy and a proposal to subvert it would be legally inadmissible .	3	Definite
The Standard Book of Spells , Grade 2 by Miranda Goshawk	0	Definite
So crossed to a Sussex you could get a walnut , pea , rose , or single combed bird .	3	Indefinite
The Chatham Islands consist of the main island , Chatham Island itself , with a population of 600 , smaller Pitt Island with about 40 inhabitants , and a number of rocky outcrops .	14	Indefinite
The legend says that the King of Athens , Theseus unified the ten tribes of early Athens into one kingdom ( c. 1230 BC ) .	11	Definite
I am so glad that I called in to see Ana , she is a lovely girl who showed nothing but care and compassion towards me .	14	Indefinite
he 's just a tiny baby , about the width of a pencil .	3	Indefinite
She literally has n't sat down to a meal ...	7	Indefinite
2 ) The employees constantly talk down to customers and are very argumentative for the sake of being argumentative .	14	Definite
In his right hand , fixed between his thumb and first two fingers , he held an uncapped fountain pen , still poised in a writing position .	16	Indefinite
Anyway , I was practically raised on this stuff , and being a connoisseur of West Indian cuisine , Jamaica Way is a bit toned down to suit the American palette .	22	Indefinite
The South Korean company initially thought a battery fault was to blame , and switched its own component for a third - party power cell .	0	Definite
If demand were to increase , so too would risk capital , regardless of whether the markets are fragmented or not .	15	Definite
The fact is , when I began traveling for business to New England , when I first visited my in - laws in Montana and Idaho , I was shocked at the lack of racial diversity .	31	Definite
He felt that the new July Monarchy ( which claimed widespread popular support ) was disorganized and unprincipled , in need of a mediator to keep the political peace between the King and insurgent forces .	22	Indefinite
" If somebody ca n't handle a Twitter account , they ca n't handle the nuclear codes , " Obama mocked .	6	Indefinite
The Canaanite city was destroyed in a fire , presumably in the wake of a campaign by the Egyptian pharaoh Thutmose III .	11	Definite
This cute little stunt is only going to prove just how fanatic the extremist Muslims are .	12	Definite
After talking with you and Professors Titman , Brown and Jemison , I was sure that UT was the right place to continue learning about energy - finance .	18	Definite
If you carry out the Save As command after making changes to the object 's formatting , but before saving your changes , the current formatting – not the saved formatting – will be used to create the page .	12	Definite
Further improvements were made to the proposal in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection .	5	Definite
The question must be put as directly as possible : what manner of maniac would undertake a path so fraught with peril and potential economic catastrophe ?	0	Definite
Very recently , US forces in Al - Anbar made a terrible blunder by accidentally killing Abdul - Razaq Inad Al - Gu'ud , Sheikh of the Al - Bu Nimr clan from the powerful Dulaym tribe .	33	Definite
Notice that each tag set has both start and end tags and is case sensitive , and that the tag sets are properly nested within each other .	18	Definite
He was very anxious for me to kill somebody , but there was n't the shadow of a carrier near .	14	Definite
Talk us through the difficulties encountered when trying to find answers with the specimens on hand .	3	Definite
The Internet effort was said to be the main driver of capital expenditures for the unit .	0	Definite
Evidently , this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now .	3	Indefinite
They have minor leaguers at second and short , and Brooks ca n't keep his mind on the game .	17	Definite
$ 9.62 excluding tip with water to drink for the buffet .	9	Definite
I am not certain about the needs for the London Underwriting / IV group but will request the information from them if you have not done so already .	8	Definite
I went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000 etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info it s greatly appreciated .	28	Definite
When items in a field are hidden by conditional filtering , a funnel appears to the left of the drop-down arrow Field arrow .	11	Indefinite
Quinn pushed the door open , walked through the lobby , and rode the elevator to the eleventh floor .	13	Definite
The Commission proposals refer to the four pillars of employment strategy and the five fields of action of the European Social Fund .	0	Definite
And the river was there – fascinating – deadly – like a snake . Ough !	1	Definite
Back in Lahore , some thirty - nine stories appeared in the Gazette between November 1886 and June 1887 .	11	Definite
You can write your jokes down on index cards to keep them handy or use a document file on your computer . [ 1 ]	15	Indefinite
It is no exaggeration to say that HBO ’s Game of Thrones is more than just a television series or a successful brand :	20	Indefinite
I will see you in the lobby at 7 am .	5	Definite
Such actions are mainly single - country or single - subject actions ( i.e. not eligible under Pericles ) and are systematically coordinated with Pericles by the competent service in the Commission in coordination with Member States .	26	Definite
We in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development feel that this form of production should be encouraged .	2	Definite
They hit the branches , they thresh the leaves with their sticks , and the fruit rains down .	2	Definite
I can tell you that the British Government is aware of its regulatory requirements on Objective 1 additionality .	5	Definite
Auster 's building was in the middle of the long block that ran between 116th and 119th Streets , just south of Riverside Church and Grant 's Tomb .	5	Definite
A Sri Lanka - born Tamil with a Norwegian passport was arrested by Thai authorities in 2000 for his links with the LTTE .	0	Indefinite
The beers were good , nice choice of beers as well , and as usual the mussels were great , the place upstairs is a nice addition to the bar downstairs .	24	Indefinite
Madam President , I should like to draw your attention to a case in which this Parliament has consistently shown an interest .	20	Indefinite
The reports say she is suspected of having been a member of Al Qaeda 's " Chemical Wire Group . "	9	Indefinite
You might be able to make a version of your setup work , but it would take quite a bit of charcoal and a lot of forced air .	6	Indefinite
Controls in the Form , Report , or page footer sections will be placed as unbound controls in the navigation section of the outermost group level .	22	Definite
Rivertrail is probably be best choice for the rider seeking an easy route .	7	Definite
Press CTRL–V to paste the line .	4	Definite
He stared at me for a moment with his mild , bulging eyes .	5	Indefinite
" Most striking is the disappointing performance of Soviet foreign and domestic policy since the late 1950s , " they wrote in 1972 .	4	Definite
He could also wait until the end of his first term to use a provision in the Paris agreement to pull out of the pact .	16	Definite
Simply type in the following United Way link , http://unitedway.enron.com or go directly to Internet Explorer or Netscape and type in unitedway.enron.com in the address field .	3	Definite
Proposal for a COUNCIL DECISION amending and extending Council Decision of 17 December 2001 establishing an exchange , assistance and training programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting ( the " Pericles " programme ) .	23	Definite
In addition , could you look over the list below to see if there are any additional employees in your group that spent time on ECP , so we can ensure we bill all of our used resources to ECP .	7	Definite
To my friend , thank you for your recommendation ... you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a " Saintly Instructor ... Absolutely Simple the Best Instructor and Best Driving school there is !	27	Definite
" Architecture wo n't help deceased people , but it helps to keep their memories alive among the living , " he says .	17	Definite
The forest phlox is blooming in late April instead of mid-May .	0	Definite
Some of the answers were extraordinary ;	2	Definite
Why not wait for him in a sexy dress with lunch or dinner , or a light snack at his house .	15	Indefinite
He was a young man , lean , fair , and morose , with lanky hair and a shuffling gait .	2	Indefinite
It 's fine - just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm .	8	Definite
At that moment , there was a diversion in the form of a small , red-headed figure in a long nightdress , who appeared in the kitchen , gave a small squeal , and ran out again .	12	Indefinite
He took the time to explain things to me about my computer , i would recommend you go to him .	2	Definite
while in The Rape of Lucrece , the virtuous wife Lucrece is raped by the lustful Tarquin .	2	Definite
They watched the moths in the tobacco flowers .	2	Definite
I dropped the truck off in the morning and it was ready that afternoon .	2	Definite
We lived here for 2 years , the first year or so was okay .	7	Definite
the territory thing will be solved .	0	Definite
The latter , regarding the Jesuit order , illustrated his lifelong admiration for the Catholic Church .	0	Definite
On the other hand though , if I 'm a client he should really of called back by now because you do n't leave a customer hanging .	9	Indefinite
Even if you can figure out what is wrong with this poor poneh , there is always the chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again in the future .	34	Definite
Simmer the quinoa for about 15 minutes or until the grain becomes translucent and the white germ forms a visible spiral on the exterior of the quinoa grain .	25	Definite
I love a challenge , and saving the Earth is probably a good one .	2	Indefinite
We need to change the lock and place posted signs at the gate .	4	Definite
I posted what the owner as said in paragraph 2 & 3 , that is not me to clarify .	3	Definite
The European Parliament shall make such adaptations to its Rules of Procedure as are rendered necessary by accession .	0	Definite
The bib has a wallet pocket and a watch pocket .	3	Indefinite
Alejandra González Anaya , one of the parade 's creative directors , explained to CNN why Mexico have decided now is the time to put on such a show .	6	Definite
The occupation of Iraq has become a guerrilla war , a siege that has lasted more than a thousand days .	17	Indefinite
Do you raid terrorist headquarters , hidden in a mental hospital ?	8	Indefinite
The Treaty of London , signed on 30 May 1913 , partitioned significant part of territory claimed by Albania , regardless its ethnic composition , between the Balkan allies reducing the territory of Albania to its central regions .	30	Definite
If you look at the rooms , there 's all the accouterments you 'd find in these types of places --	4	Definite
It 's fine for mass - market chocolate , but with companies like Scharffen Berger , TCHO , and smaller artisan chocolate makers in the area , why ?	24	Definite
Priority shall be given to such measures as will least disturb the functioning of the internal market .	14	Definite
The doctor has an injection gun and while my mother is focused on my daughter , she puts it firmly against my mother ’s arm and puts the chip in .	27	Definite
The team used Formica fusca , an ant species that can form thousand-strong colonies .	0	Definite
Labor actions as a revival of the Left	6	Definite
The increased FDI would create 18,000 new jobs in the pharmaceutical industry .	0	Definite
Are you in the office to initial signature pages today ?	3	Definite
My understanding was that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC 's online profile in order for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC 's peak load periods .	22	Indefinite
A great place to go for dinner after a day of wine tasting .	8	Indefinite
In Fallujah , hundreds of demonstrators came out against US troops when they briefly arrested a yound newlywed bride .	15	Indefinite
The South retaliated by firing dozens of rounds of artillery into the north .	0	Definite
And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka .	18	Definite
Tet made it clear that the war was a long way from being over if the Americans thought they could preserve the South and that the North was perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight .	21	Definite
I have the impression that the honourable Member believes the public invitation to tender in connection with the tunnel has already started .	17	Definite
Deb Watson is the contact person and she and the rest of the staff were great !!!	3	Definite
The request was for a Intrastate Gas Transportation Agreement and 311 Gas Transportation Agreement .	4	Indefinite
It is easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sings : " I 've got a feeling , a feeling I ca n't hide ... " in front of Yoko in the film .	33	Definite
White settlers discovered the remnants of the Hohokam culture in the 19th century .	6	Definite
It is Iran 's missile armaments that pose the greatest concern for American forces in the Gulf , especially for the US Navy .	8	Definite
He had sunken cheeks , a yellow complexion , a straight back , an ascetic aspect , and , with his arms dropped , the palms of hands outwards , resembled an idol .	13	Indefinite
I went to work the next day , turning , so to speak , my back on that station .	4	Definite
The Moldovan airline is Aerocom , and yes , it 's one of Victor Bout 's .	0	Definite
" All of the research and all of the preparation I did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the Soper [ River ] valley where we were canoeing , " Dr. Fortier said .	8	Definite
" In a Hasidic sweater factory in New Jersey .	2	Indefinite
By the time of Romeo and Juliet , Richard II , and A Midsummer Night 's Dream in the Mid-1590s , Shakespeare had begun to write a more natural poetry .	26	Indefinite
The American people were NOT having any of it , and elected Richard Nixon to fix the mess LBJ had made ( not to surrender like the antiwar movement was demanding ) .	26	Definite
" Tonight we are carrying out punishments using a high beam , " the post reads .	13	Definite
Mr President , I support the main proposals of the report concerning the administration of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund for the period 2000 - 2006 and the main recommendations of the report which include the following :	29	Definite
Even though they might not be the best way to get around the island , a ride on the bus is still an experience you should not miss .	18	Definite
I will initiate the call .	3	Definite
MMA also captured the Northwest Frontier Province , which probably shelters Bin Laden and al - Zawahiri , and is in a joint government of Baluchistan Province , also on the Afghanistan border .	21	Indefinite
Our concern is that we do n't want any trading related defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap as a component .	23	Indefinite
It 's a completed term , but it is supposed to come from ' Flap ! '	2	Indefinite
I have asked for 4 outside ports and should anyone else need to join in , they may do so with the access code and without operator assistance .	21	Definite
This is a shame of my adorable town , Branford .	2	Indefinite
It was noted that some countries showed a low level of participation , among them some of the euro area countries .	17	Definite
Deal table in the middle , plain chairs all round the walls , on one end a large shining map , marked with all the colors of a rainbow .	27	Indefinite
With the default installation of the Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Desktop Engine with integrated security , the user must be a member of the administrator group for the machine on which the Access project resides .	20	Indefinite
I wonder whether they are in the debate this evening .	6	Definite
Also , it will be much easier for you guys to monitor because most of the deals will be monthly .	15	Definite
Last time I went however , my beer was warm and the service was so - so .	11	Definite
Aside from that little * mystery * , one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong I was about how another dress that I loved compared to one of her dresses that I was trying on .	10	Definite
It will , I hope , be examined in a positive light .	9	Indefinite
Compared with other emerging economies , China is cut from a different cloth .	10	Indefinite
Each calendar month during the term of the Transaction will be a Dispatch Period .	7	Definite
They had once been white , he remembered , but now they had turned a curious shade of yellow .	14	Indefinite
India had to pull back its forces from Sri Lanka in 1989 following the election of Ranasinghe Premadasa , a strong critic of Indian mediation .	19	Indefinite
Panting , Ron hoisted them up into the car .	7	Definite
" You might find them a little hard to live with , " I tell her .	5	Indefinite
# 2 the decor is tasteful and artistic , from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixtures .... and ( most importantly ) # 3 the food is FANTASTIC .	10	Definite
After searching for two or three minutes , he finally found a place on one of the benches , wedging himself between a man in a blue suit and a plump young woman .	11	Indefinite
With the US military presence posing a threat on their borders in both Iraq and Afghanistan , Iran ’s moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise Karzai so that the US presence in Afghanistan is reduced .	1	Definite
The term renaissance is in essence a modern one that came into currency in the 19th century , in the work of historians such as Jacob Burckhardt .	19	Definite
When you move a field that has custom groups between row and column areas , the custom group fields that are based on the field move with the field .	23	Definite
Or was Mr Eichelberger simply an executive with a client to please and a job to do a pure professional ?	13	Indefinite
We want things to be regulated properly so that the problem can be brought under control .	9	Definite
He reemerged in September 1859 , laying claim to the position of Emperor of the United States .	9	Definite
The answer is , " Yes ! "	0	Definite
If the males are released over a period of several months , this would , in theory , result in a marked reduction in the mosquito population .	20	Indefinite
Finally , it must be said that Stuart is a fantastic person to work with , because of his solid strategies and equally as importantly because he is a genuinely good person and a great communicator .	9	Indefinite
Currently we have a blank " sample " for our Paragraph 13s which are attached to our sample ISDAs for ( a ) US Corporate , ( b ) Hedge Funds , ( c ) Municipal .	3	Indefinite
A short , irritable-looking man was dancing around taking photographs with a large black camera that emitted puffs of purple smoke with every blinding flash .	11	Indefinite
Thanks to urban planning , the major city streets are placed in a grid layout .	12	Indefinite
Iran 's coast facing the Persian Gulf is a looming wall of mountains that look down upon any naval forces arrayed in those waters .	8	Indefinite
The IMF is founded on the premise that it represents cooperation between all of the countries of the world .	5	Definite
But your cat is passing a LOT of urine , and this is bad .	5	Indefinite
The place smells and the owner is very very rude !	4	Definite
A Sri Lanka - born Tamil with a Norwegian passport was arrested by Thai authorities in 2000 for his links with the LTTE .	21	Definite
Also , I 'm going out to San Diego for the Labor Day weekend to visit Hoot 's daughter Julie .	10	Definite
The reports say she is suspected of having been a member of Al Qaeda 's " Chemical Wire Group . "	0	Definite
The cast members really have to have incredibly powerful voices to pull off a few of the most poignant numbers ( I think this could be your true calling ) .	13	Indefinite
Coron is in the province of Palawan , Philippines on Busuanga Island .	3	Definite
The Obama administration needs to make this case more directly and forcefully to Congress .	0	Definite
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch .	10	Definite
I do n't know . The girl shrugged once again .	5	Definite
Fresleven – that was the fellow 's name , a Dane – thought himself wronged somehow in the bargain , so he went ashore and started to hammer the chief of the village with a stick .	31	Definite
The Commission accepts all of the contributions of the parliamentary committee and the rapporteur , Mr Koch , which are contained in the various amendments , specifically four .	12	Definite
The Pakistani press reported that she was nabbed in Karachi after being spotted at the airport in late March or early April 2003 .	14	Definite
Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stops	4	Indefinite
If Samarra and other cities are any guide , those pockets of resistance could go on bedeviling the US for some time to come .	17	Definite
he has n't eaten in an entire month .	5	Indefinite
He turned on the television and watched the first two innings of the Mets game .	7	Definite
For the first couple of weeks back , Harry had enjoyed muttering nonsense words under his breath and watching Dudley tearing out of the room as fast as his fat legs would carry him .	1	Definite
The mailer 's use of " Greendale School " as the return address for the letters to the Senators is also revealing .	17	Definite
It is the whole political class that is being questioned about the way in which it must take up these challenges .	2	Definite
But I am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day .	11	Definite
to be a mover and shaker , a shaper of destiny or perhaps , surrendering to fantasies of omnipotence , to be the nation-making American plenipotentiary , at work behind the scenes and playing confidently even with Bolshevik fire .	30	Definite
If you live in an area with strong summer sun , position the cuttings so that the broad sides of the cuttings face east and west while the slim sides face north and south .	12	Definite
Other countries , including the ones you mention , have stronger social orientations in all aspects of society .	4	Definite
Tell them it costs like 8 dollars a month ( if even that much ) to keep it fed .	7	Indefinite
It was not so long after Civil Rights laws against discrimination started to have an impact .	14	Indefinite
The money funds their travel , explosives , hideouts and permanent search for soft vulnerable targets .	0	Definite
However , he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron 's interests .	5	Indefinite
He could take a trip if he liked , even leave the country for a while .	11	Definite
According to the city 's police department , a fight broke out after " a large group of people ... who identified themselves as district authorities " arrived on set on Tuesday .	8	Indefinite
These numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago .	11	Indefinite
Although flying to the Chathams and back is not cheap , it is worth it .	3	Definite
The actual word " MAD " has to be on the cover and incorporated into the image .	10	Definite
I called 3 times to talked to a manager , never a call back .	11	Indefinite
This enables you to seal the containers quickly after filling .	5	Definite
Would n't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves , or to talk their sons into doing it , if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor ?	27	Indefinite
Paula has an amazing gift for creativity , vision and the ability to combine art to / with commercial purpose .	2	Indefinite
It 's all in the air .	4	Definite
I liked it so much there I ended up doing a PhD and I 've been working on social insects ever since .	10	Indefinite
Balzac was buried at the Cimetière du Père Lachaise in Paris .	4	Definite
Try the local sake too if you can .	1	Definite
Hence , I think that we have to reference the manufacturer .	9	Definite
Neiafu and surrounding villages are home to about a third of the Group ’s overall population of around 20000 , with the majority of the population living in small villages on the other islands .	21	Definite
The accident occurred at a time when the mosque was relatively uncrowded .	4	Indefinite
put her back in the room , and keep the door closed for a week .	4	Definite
Natasha is the BEST photographer we have ever worked with .	2	Definite
She started out at the RSC in the mid-Sixties playing an asylum - inmate in Marat / Sade .	4	Definite
She placed a shredded rectangle on the desk , and Carroll picked it up between his thumb and forefinger .	6	Definite
In the second case , the M5S party asks to the regional government to assure the local administrations of the region regularly apply the sentence of the Supreme Court .	26	Definite
In the medium case , investigations find that Enron ( like others ) " played by the rules , " but the rules stunk , and Enron profited at the expense of California consumers .	29	Definite
But he suffers the severe effects of the aftermath , and we are all suffering along with him now , since he is the most powerful man in the world .	28	Definite
The India Diaries	0	Definite
The white blur of her hand moved in a gesture of rejection ...	8	Indefinite
He could also wait until the end of his first term to use a provision in the Paris agreement to pull out of the pact .	5	Definite
Like the girl with the fuse problem ...	4	Definite
He was the co-founder of the National Democratic Party in Iraq .	2	Definite
Japan 's special envoy , Yasushi Akashi , who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released , came back from visits to Colombo and Kilinochchi in early November a frustrated man .	14	Definite
For reasons that were never made clear to him , he suddenly felt an irresistible urge for a particular red notebook at the bottom .	22	Definite
Pursuing a successful career , along with the usual social and financial advantages , will be easier this year than it has in a long time for you , Leo !	23	Indefinite
But not at a risk to other people 's pets .	3	Indefinite
Claudio De Vincenti , undersecretary to the prime minister , said " a discussion table will be opened with the non-profit associations , religious association included " ( ( it ) ) .	19	Definite
The terms of office of the newly appointed members shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office at the time of accession .	12	Definite
that is precisely the time when you may , if you wish , raise this question , i.e. on Thursday prior to the start of the presentation of the report .	22	Definite
The best value I 've found from a Chinese restaurant .	7	Indefinite
He could be killed years ago and the israelians have all the reasons , since he founded and he is the spiritual leader of Hamas , but they did n't .	11	Definite
They gave me the run around and missing paperwork only to call back to tell me someone else wanted her and I would need to come in and put down a deposit .	30	Indefinite
A furry black band of ants led up a cupboard door to some scrap that had flicked from a plate .	0	Indefinite
Is the solution a democratic Arab world ?	3	Indefinite
We have some people who are great at politics ; some people we give all the war stuff to ; someone who is in charge of the Britney Spears story of the week — the entertainment stories .	34	Definite
As soon as the trays are removed , the Hasidim block the aisles with their Minchah service , rocking themselves and stretching their necks upward .	8	Definite
You can even make the whole language not based on the Latin Alphabet at all like Chinese !	4	Definite
The Americans have to put away their free - market fetishism for a while and find ways of creating jobs and pumping money into Iraqi households .	12	Indefinite
There 's also an option to send emoji , GIFs , custom memes and stickers via the platform , and connect your Twitter feed .	3	Indefinite
Because the field list of a page does not show the contents specific to a page , you can use the data outline to review the structure of a page .	14	Indefinite
" That King Shakespeare " , the essayist Thomas Carlyle wrote in 1840 , " does not he shine , in crowned sovereignty , over us all , as the noblest , gentlest , yet strongest of rallying signs ;	6	Definite
Neiafu and surrounding villages are home to about a third of the Group ’s overall population of around 20000 , with the majority of the population living in small villages on the other islands .	11	Definite
yet again it was a great stay from begiinning to end .	4	Indefinite
The artwork is excellent and the prices are very reasonable .	5	Definite
A road trip to Lisbon and the Algarve in Portugal before a mountain escape in the Pyrenees and a stop in Andorra before heading over to France and Italy and Austria and Switzerland .	0	Indefinite
Given the volume of content this represents , it is easy to forget that the television series itself is an adaptation of a book series with a pre-existing fandom .	14	Definite
In its communication , the Commission has presented some proposals for greater consistency between regional policy and competition policy in the EU .	4	Definite
But supporters are pointing a few good things out :	4	Indefinite
By the way , Salmagundi ( the store name ) means something like smorgasbord ; potpourri ; motley ; variety ; mixed bag ; miscellaneous assortment ; mixture , a variety of many kinds of things .	6	Definite
The most important thing is that you are comfortable , and that you 're not wearing baggy or loose fitting clothing so you can make sure you 're forming and moving correctly in the mirror .	0	Definite
He was so eager to go in the nest and feed the baby and she always would go right away in the nest after him and give him a fight right there , were the baby was too .	7	Definite
The present research represents a first step in exploring the impact of transmedia systems , as exemplified by Game of Thrones , through the study of fans .	4	Indefinite
The company gets busy but you never have to wait long because they ARE orginizied , so you are in , out , and paid well for your scrap	0	Definite
It 's helpful to know a quite a bit about bull fighting .	7	Indefinite
actually i have an project on it so please give me as much as you have information about migratory birds in punjab	3	Indefinite
If you move the line downward , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line below remains constant , and the perpendicular line above the moving line lengthens .	3	Definite
Lots of jokes rehash the same ground and sometimes they retell a story countless other jokes have told .	11	Indefinite
It is funny what some people will do for a few francs a month .	12	Indefinite
You 'll find practical ways of increasing your effectiveness in the world by gaining new skills that allow you to live more abundantly .	10	Definite
He was the person , he and his wife Jan , introduced -- reintroduced me and Laura in his backyard in July of 1977 .	2	Definite
And not to belittle the process of creating the standards , the tough part ( and the real meat behind this ) will be an effective exception report on a global basis against these standards .	29	Indefinite
I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions ( first Argentina ) and thought your expertise would be very helpful .	8	Definite
Media reports are a poor approximation of reality because of the lack of good sources .	3	Indefinite
The playwright and critic George Bernard Shaw mocked the cult of Shakespeare worship as " bardolatry " .	8	Definite
They also made one other change , they are taking out the " subject to recall " language at the bottom of page 2 under item # 1 .	11	Definite
The United States is , after all , the prime revolutionary country .	8	Definite
He could see him sitting in the chair across from him , but at the same time it felt as though he was not there .	14	Definite
I would like to briefly comment on the Commission 's proposal to amend the Directive on the transport of dangerous goods by road .	16	Definite
For those with a larger appetite for the scenery and a larger budget , there are some hotel complexes much closer to the action with views of parts of the falls .	22	Definite
They are dependable , have great connections in the community , and are a great resource for finding a job .	13	Indefinite
Each time you open the page , Access will read the connection file , extract the connection information , and set the ConnectionString property of the page .	4	Definite
The question posed by this research is , fundamentally , an examination of how the problem of “ access ” is framed in postdigital society from the perspective of the consumer .	10	Indefinite
On the other side of the flag there was a chart of the manual alphabet – LEARN TO SPEAK TO YOUR FRIENDS – that showed the hand positions for each of the twenty-six letters .	25	Definite
You 're driving too far west , Fred , he added , pointing at a compass on the dashboard .	17	Definite
One little boy stands up and offers that , " if my best friend who lives next door was playing in the street when a car came along and killed him , that would be a tragedy " .	21	Definite
He 'd almost be glad of a sight of his arch-enemy , Draco Malfoy , just to be sure it had n't all been a dream .	24	Indefinite
In the past few days in Italy , several municipalities have started asking religious schools to pay taxes for property and local services , despite the resistance of the Catholic Church .	25	Definite
Well a changing bag would be the easiest solution .	6	Definite
I will call you in a couple of days to follow up on this email .	5	Indefinite
This map shows the location of the Ross Ice Shelf in the Antarctic , and the two known localities for E. andrillae relative to McMurdo Station	6	Definite
Nothing more was said until all four plates were clean , which took a surprisingly short time .	13	Indefinite
I plan on taking a couple of graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this level .	23	Definite
In one class , he asks the students if anyone can give him an example of a " tragedy " .	13	Indefinite
A global carbon tax would mitigate climate risks while alleviating government debt burdens .	0	Indefinite
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement , and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what 's in the draft ?	28	Definite
You need either a filter for each device except the DSL modem , or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks , except the one which the DSL modem connects .	25	Definite
By March of '68 the Dow had fallen to 825 , only to climb to a highly speculative peak of 985 in December of '68 .	4	Definite
My Presidential qualifications are rooted in my service as an Officer in the United States Air Force .	12	Definite
There 's something pathetically childish in the ruins of grass walls .	6	Definite
She was wearing a flowered apron with a wand sticking out of the pocket .	12	Definite
" When dandelions have set the mark of May on Wisconsin pastures , it is time to listen for the final proof of spring , " wrote Aldo Leopold in " A Sand County Almanac . "	19	Definite
I have known him for only a few years but he has become a dear friend .	6	Indefinite
The forecasts of cyclone track and intensity have been fairly accurate .	0	Definite
" As a way to commercialize his work , he would make a blue Marilyn and a pink Marilyn and a yellow Marilyn , and then you could pick your favorite color and buy that .	12	Indefinite
Although they are now sedentary ( with the young using cell phones , etc. ) , they maintain many of their old customs , traditions and beliefs .	7	Definite
Because of an international medical convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as our meetings , the Grand Hyatt unfortunately is already booked .	17	Definite
Shakespeare continued to visit London during the years 1611 – 1614 .	6	Definite
We need for interviewers to commit either to the morning ( 9 am - 12 pm ) or afternoon ( 2 pm - 5 pm ) complete session .	8	Definite
This query mode has more of the ANSI syntax , and the wildcard characters conform to the SQL specification .	11	Definite
Mr President , with your permission I should like to begin by expressing my admiration for the way in which you executed the quick changeover of the chairmanship just now during the debate .	31	Definite
First , the nature of such an investigation is that we lack sufficient information to second - guess ( or even know ) what the FBI is doing .	6	Indefinite
The deeper problem lies with the excessive financialization of the global economy that has occurred since the 1990 ' s .	16	Definite
And the Moldovan airline used to transport the shipment was blasted by the UN in 2003 for smuggling arms to Liberia , human rights group Amnesty has discovered .	7	Definite
Now , the best of that unique food comes at the very beginning of the meal .	14	Definite
No doubt much of what our citizens experience as noise does not fall within the competence of the Union .	17	Definite
On the other hand , the US should strong - arm India and Pakistan into a final settlement of the Kashmir issue .	19	Definite
air dry clay works on armatures , the clay has a minor shrink percent , so you can leave the wire armature inside , paint with acrylic paint	10	Indefinite
I was just in last night and had a chance to dine in their new dining room .	8	Indefinite
Its guarantee of liberties promised to dissolve inter-communal tensions and transform the empire into a more harmonious place .	11	Definite
In the fuss to find somewhere to sit he saw the light of the fire under the spit running along the shiny planes of the woman 's face as it did on glasses and the movement of knives and forks .	10	Definite
Just a reminder to send me a currency report .	1	Indefinite
Exhibit goers then became part of the very exhibit they had wanted to attend .	6	Definite
The man looked about quickly and lowered his voice .	0	Definite
After nearly half an hour , the team was deducted a point , leading to a sudden but temporary rush of success by the US team .	3	Indefinite
Your best bet would probably be to get a copy of the Lonely Planet Japan book and read the chapter on Okinawa .	8	Indefinite
In the shot from the back , the crumpled bottom of the curtain is pretty noticeable as well as the power outlet .	1	Definite
The music in the background was from such bands as The Velvet Underground .	0	Definite
More must be done to promote the product on the international markets .	9	Definite
In this time visitors will come to the house , pay their respects to the desisted and their family and have a couple of cups of tea with a sandwich or a bun .	14	Definite
The broadcasts began on August 10 and South Korea says the broadcasts will continue .	0	Definite
( Two people in a cabin will spend more onboard , so cruise lines charge you more to sail alone .	4	Indefinite
$ 11.5 m - Amount of hard money raised through the Pioneer programme , the controversial fund - raising process created for the Bush - Cheney 2000 campaign .	14	Definite
He would arrive early , never later than seven o'clock and sit there with a take-out coffee , a buttered roll , and an open newspaper on his lap , watching the glass door of the hotel .	31	Definite
Syria also possesses one of the largest arsenals of ballistic missiles in the region , comprised primarily of SCUD - derived systems .	12	Definite
Similarly , the rest of the world will benefit when Europeans are able to get their policies right and boost their economies .	5	Definite
Countless times , Harry had been on the point of unlocking Hedwig 's cage by magic and sending her to Ron and Hermione with a letter , but it was n't worth the risk .	7	Definite
Nina Chahine , 19 , who with her family was among the named plaintiffs in the lawsuit , said her wedding in the southern city of Tyre was set for July 13 .	11	Definite
But I propose to you that the sequence of microbes that occur on rotting mushrooms are essential for the health of the forest .	18	Definite
This is not just the fault of the Commission , but I believe that we need to take action more quickly so as to achieve harmonisation in this area as well .	4	Definite
The garden was large , and in Harry 's eyes , exactly what a garden should be .	13	Indefinite
" Would n't it be the most horrible of ironies if the Jews had collected themselves conveniently in one country for a second Holocaust ? "	21	Indefinite
Ah , sir , this is a danger you must not face !	6	Indefinite
These missiles are , simply , the fastest anti-ship weapons on the planet .	6	Definite
Exporting data and database objects to an XML file is a convenient way to move and store your information in a format that can readily be used across the Web .	10	Indefinite
My niece Vivien found a carpenter .	4	Indefinite
If some records in one of the fields you used in the expression might have a Null value , you can convert the Null value to zero using the Nz function as shown in the following example :	11	Definite
On their return , they entertained the idea of living in South America , far away from the problems of postwar Belgium .	6	Definite
Just my opinion here - no judgement - getting your snake on frozen / thawed will prove to be much easier for you and safer for your snake in the long run .	29	Definite
I think the first step is a call between yourself , me , Mark Stubley and Mike Indivero .	2	Definite
Its struggle against the Ottoman Empire in the Mediterranean Sea put serious limits on the military power it could deploy against the rebels in the Netherlands .	24	Definite
The interior of the island is dominated by the beautiful and green Hagghier mountains and limestone plateau .	3	Definite
0 - Number of memorial services for the returned dead that Bush has attended since the beginning of the war .	18	Definite
How to avoid problems caused by mixing queries under different ANSI SQL query modes in the same database	15	Definite
the International Date Line jogs eastward to keep them on the same calendar day as the rest of New Zealand .	10	Definite
The interim Governing Council issued a communique saying , " It is a proof of the emptiness of the Israeli authority and a destruction of the peace endeavors in the region . . .	18	Definite
I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker ... and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me ... " the inspection guy is n't here today " .... for example .	26	Definite
It 's enough to make your hair stand on end , said Dando ; and enjoyed the effect .	16	Definite
Scholars are not certain when each of the 154 sonnets was composed , but evidence suggests that Shakespeare wrote sonnets throughout his career for a private readership .	24	Indefinite
Take a sieve , line it with a piece of cheesecloth ( muslin ) or a coffee filter , place above a large jug and pour the vodka through slowly .	21	Indefinite
Valentino tried to distance the character from a stereotypical portrayal of an Arab man .	7	Indefinite
That will be a nice time of year though .	3	Indefinite
They say adding the mineral to salt is the simplest and most effective method of preventing iodine deficiency disorders .	8	Definite
Of course not . But I mean the book inside the book Cervantes wrote , the one he imagined he was writing .	10	Definite
The Gu'ud family even accepted to be offered the seat of Al - Anbar governor some months back .	8	Definite
The disembarking passengers were all strangers again , connected not with each other but to the mouthing , smiling faces and waving hands on the airport balcony .	0	Definite
Whether such an offer were accepted or declined would make no difference ; justice would not be served then .	2	Indefinite
I want to focus our minds on the essential role of the guidelines .	7	Definite
Tips for picking a good security question :	3	Indefinite
her first stories were published in a minor newspaper under her pen name , Ichiyo Higuchi .	6	Indefinite
Subject : Re : NASA IS A WASTE !	6	Indefinite
Then the war might stop & all those juicy profits would just evaporate .	1	Definite
The M300 series are the lightest and the E500's are the all in one but much heavier .	7	Definite
Also one can keep their privacy in the cabins and make the time in seclusion .	11	Definite
Rather than asking a question , you can also simply offer your comments on these things .	3	Indefinite
One remark made by Sha'lan on Al - Arabiya TV , that he could n't say more about Chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor .	25	Definite
However , it is essential that the rules should be reasonable .	6	Definite
It s Really Good And The Rat Calculater Says Is Big Enough For 5 Rats , But I Would Put A Maximum Of 4 In It Really :)	5	Definite
Be sure to ring the little bell on your way out if you enjoyed your meal !	4	Definite
The first part is called Legato and the second part was called Staccato .	7	Definite
I also mentioned to the reception person .	4	Definite
In June and July of 1973 , he accumulated 56 points , enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973 - 1974 year .	19	Definite
But that will not be sufficient to sustain the national unity that Ukraine will need in the coming years .	16	Definite
With the death of Garcia , the pursuit might cease , since such a death might frighten others from the task . >>	6	Definite
Compact 's Corona dryers remove at least twice as much water as the previous dryers , allowing a production increase of over 10 % and a significant energy saving .	25	Indefinite
This past week marked the opening night of an Andy Warhol exhibit at the University of Southern Indiana .	4	Definite
It remains unclear if these figures represent real individuals , or if the authorial " I " who addresses them represents Shakespeare himself , though Wordsworth believed that with the sonnets " Shakespeare unlocked his heart " .	12	Definite
The best pilates on the Gold Coast !	0	Definite
After you move fields to the drop areas so that the drop area captions are covered up , you can still drag additional fields to the areas .	5	Definite
It would n't be the first time he 'd collapsed on a delivery .	11	Indefinite
I 've never met a hamster that did n't bite me .	4	Indefinite
And the President becomes a Dictator , unrestrained by anything in the Constitution , backed up by the Armed Forces , which would be entirely under his personal control .	17	Definite
Naturally , the office landscape features many clothes and little in the way of food .	2	Definite
The Arab Revolt which began in 1916 turned the tide against the Ottomans on the Middle Eastern front , where they initially seemed to have the upper hand during the first two years of the war .	25	Definite
He was an okay doctor but not worth her .	2	Indefinite
“ Celtic Sea cod could collapse , ” without the proposed limits , one EU official said .	9	Definite
In the summer , very hot and dry heat is the norm .	10	Definite
The creature slipped off the bed and bowed so low that the end of its long thin nose touched the carpet .	11	Definite
Steve Whitmore , a representative for the LA Sheriff 's office , told LA Weekly in a statement that the case involving Montalvo was being dealt with as charges relating to grand theft .	19	Definite
A witness told police that the victim had attacked the suspect in April .	0	Indefinite
Volatility of USD / DM has been in the range of between 7 % and 11 % .	8	Definite
Venetia had had a first in Greek , herself , only a year ago , and could laugh over the mistakes .	3	Indefinite
they passed the shadows of the mango trees in the bright moonlight lying beneath the trees like sleeping beasts ;	9	Definite
( The letters were to different AMI publications -- one to the National Enquirer and another to The Sun ) .	11	Definite
Any thorough assessment of the impact of the Iraq war and its aftermath on Israel 's security environment must , therefore , closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfare .	7	Definite
the place : EB 3143C	0	Definite
The logic is that ( nearly ) all Wave 4 respondents appeared in the Wave 1 sample , but not all would have been interviewed at Wave 3 due to differential patterns of temporary attrition .	13	Definite
Before he had a chance to absorb the woman 's presence , to describe her to himself and form his impressions , she was talking to him , forcing him to respond .	7	Definite
The German tourists had gone home , the bathing cabins were nailed shut .	0	Definite
2 ) Target Israel and encourage the worst elements of the Palestinians by playing on the iron fist policies of the Sharon government .	6	Definite
One of the manifestations of their racism is the rejection towards Japanese Yoko Ono .	2	Definite
I leave the evening of the 21st , my flight comes in about 10 pm , and leave the morning of the 27th at 6 am .	18	Definite
With the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911 , Mongolia under the Bogd Khaan declared independence .	12	Definite
Fred and George climbed carefully through the window into Harry 's room .	6	Definite
When they were 18 or 19 , many of them decided to come back to Iraq and fill the ranks of the youngest Mujahedeen generation .	21	Definite
It may be a problem because the temperature is constantly changing .	6	Definite
I was so impressed with the honesty and integrity of Mike and everyone at Eagle Transmission !	5	Definite
The promise of new Royal Navy orders to secure the Clyde shipbuilding industry was made before the Scottish independence referendum in 2014 .	9	Definite
We understand that it is important that the two institutions - Parliament and Commission - cooperate and work together and that the current cooperation with the Committee on Regional Policy , and in particular the transport group , is magnificent .	34	Definite
My boyfriend and I were woken up in the middle of the night at our campsite by drunken kids who 'd arrived around 1:00 am and were drinking at the springs .	29	Definite
The commission is definitely more responsive to market participants that are articulating the issue , providing specific examples and proposing the solution .	12	Definite
An analysis of 65 bird species in the United Kingdom shows about one - third are laying their eggs four to seven days earlier than they did 25 years ago .	0	Indefinite
Satan deceiving mankind once again , as so many other thousands of times through the centuries ....	14	Definite
You MUST apply , to become a Immigrant , and WAIT to be approved , by the Canadian Government .	6	Indefinite
The staff do occasionally get game info correct , but if you r looking fot a good game and are n't a nerd , do nt ask them .	21	Indefinite
We start with the headline and then flesh out the story , as opposed to The New York Times , which writes the issue and then has a headline editor to make it snappy .	15	Definite
The address is for Noida Location not for Gurgaon Location .	0	Definite
I have not followed that aspect of the societal response for the present storm .	11	Definite
Then the same thing with the other leg .	1	Definite
Stalin had begun to encourage Abakumov to form his own network inside the MGB to counter Beria 's dominance of the power ministries .	20	Definite
Take a look at this spreadsheet .	1	Indefinite
However , like much of the Southwest with a large Hispanic population , Spanish is very widely spoken in Phoenix .	5	Definite
If you are looking for a good workout , the Creek Turnpike Trail follows the land 's original contours .	14	Definite
If you keep the cans away from the house , they are less likely to take up residence in your home .	7	Definite
He felt that the new July Monarchy ( which claimed widespread popular support ) was disorganized and unprincipled , in need of a mediator to keep the political peace between the King and insurgent forces .	3	Definite
The internet here is terrible .	0	Definite
Most travellers will arrive in York by road ( car or bus ) or rail from other parts of the UK or an airport .	19	Definite
For example : austere , acrimony , ebullient , embolden ; in this case , the vowel A might carry with it a negative meaning , whereas E would be positive .	22	Indefinite
This defeats the purpose of using a Tradename .	6	Indefinite
Many Iraqis , including conservative and religious Iraqis , are surprisingly rooting for the Iraqi Communist party , probably in an attempt to counter the influence of Islamists in the forthcoming National Assembly .	20	Indefinite
Norton has been immortalized as the basis of characters in the literature of writers Mark Twain , Robert Louis Stevenson , Christopher Moore , Morris and Goscinny , Selma Lagerlöf , and Neil Gaiman .	10	Definite
The result was to swing a deeply divided society from the verge of civil war to an unprecedented sense of unity .	10	Definite
India keeps what it has while Pakistan and China ( which was gifted a slice of the territory three decades ago ) do likewise .	16	Definite
They 'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want , plus all the information you need to apply .	9	Definite
To modern audiences , most of whom will have little experience of frontline conflict , Doss ’s feats belong to the realm of the unimaginable .	23	Definite
Nicholas Rowe , Shakespeare 's first biographer , recounted a Stratford legend that Shakespeare fled the town for London to escape prosecution for deer poaching in the estate of local squire Thomas Lucy .	26	Definite
So far , every prediction in the modern era that mankind 's lot will worsen , from Thomas Malthus to Karl Marx , has turned out to be spectacularly wrong .	6	Definite
Mr Weasley took Harry 's glasses , gave them a tap of his wand and returned them , good as new .	9	Indefinite
If you move the line to the left , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line to the right remains constant , and the perpendicular line to the left of the moving line contracts .	16	Definite
Should n't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative ( representing positive liquidation ) for the puts ?	21	Definite
The taxpayer who has to pay for it , the smaller undertakings and species-friendly stock rearing all fall by the wayside .	19	Definite
The real threat to the Andaman Islands is the steady building - up of ports and conduits that serve the Tamil Tigers and a host of less - strong militant groups .	8	Definite
When the cities are on fire with the burning flesh of men	7	Definite
The Commission 's hearings begin tomorrow at 10 AM ( PST ) .	0	Definite
A taste of Argentina .	0	Indefinite
Ineos is an English company which has a majority of its operations in the US .	7	Indefinite
I am thinking here , amongst other things , of issues such as the law on abortion .	13	Definite
He and Ron went down to breakfast to find Mr and Mrs Weasley and Ginny already sitting at the kitchen table .	18	Definite
His textbook Morphology : The Descriptive Analysis of Words was one of the major works of American Structuralism .	12	Definite
What is behind the suicide murders ?	3	Definite
The Fed 's huge monthly purchases of long-term assets – so-called quantitative easing – have benefited the world as a whole by propping up demand and economic activity in the US .	29	Definite
Then there are the so - called true stories that get posted in a series of meaningful pictures with text running underneath .	13	Indefinite
you 'll be more or less settled by the time she arrives .	8	Definite
I would much rather put it off until I can afford to have the vacation of a lifetime as I 'm sure this trip is intended to be .	16	Indefinite
As of January 10 , 2005 , my source of income changed from The Mozilla Foundation to Google , Inc. of Mountain View , California .	13	Definite
Unless you have a particular skill they need - and firm job offer before going - I would think twice about it !	3	Indefinite
The XML protocol is a set of rules , guidelines , and conventions for designing data formats and structures , in a way that produces files that are easy to generate and easily read by different computers and applications .	0	Definite
We have to sustain the European Union as a major food producer and a major exporter .	4	Definite
He really knew only some of the people but all of them seemed to know about him , and many were the friends of friends .	6	Definite
The chair was comfortable , and the beer had gone slightly to his head .	0	Definite
I am well aware that this was also the aim of Parliament 's work .	8	Definite
Then , tackle the most important ones before looking back at the smaller things to do .	11	Definite
67 is the minimum score , anything below that is filed in the " circular file basket " .	12	Definite
Balzac 's vision of a society in which class , money and personal ambition are the major players has been endorsed by critics of both left-wing and right-wing political tendencies .	4	Indefinite
The mice will sniff the smell of cat urine and clear off in a jiffy .	13	Indefinite
Ideally , we would like a fast turnaround .	5	Indefinite
It was as though Auster had read his thoughts , divining the thing he wanted most – to eat , to have an excuse to stay a while .	11	Definite
Greendale likely refers to green river valley -- i.e. , Cairo 's Egyptian Islamic Jihad or the Islamic Group .	16	Definite
I put my foot in the water and it was cool .	5	Definite
* Provides a high degree of rate stability , with a 3.5 % escalator to capture both inflation and the cost of needed capital projects .	2	Indefinite
HOWEVER : you will pay as if there are 2 people in the cabin , even if it is just you .	12	Definite
The data must be in a format that Access recognizes , either in a native format or through the use of a schema .	13	Indefinite
As a result , China will no longer be inclined to lend its capital to the US .	1	Indefinite
Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosencreutz , which suggests ( and most people who ’ve heard of it suppose ) that the wedding is Christian ’s .	27	Definite
When creating a page , you can use the contents of a connection file to set the ConnectionString property of the page , but choose not to create a link between the page and the connection file .	28	Indefinite
Users with an Office 2002 license can also create , design , and modify components in a design environment such as Microsoft FrontPage or Microsoft Access .	2	Indefinite
True to form , the EU under German leadership offered far too little and demanded far too much from Ukraine .	4	Definite
Remove the aluminum foil from the baking dish , add cheese or other seasonings , and bake for an additional 5 minutes .	1	Definite
The European Union 's economic interests in Hong-Kong are both large in scale and deep-rooted .	0	Definite
Numbered streets run East / West with Main Street and the Arkansas River as the dividing line .	14	Definite
many PCs have sleep & charge now , that allow the PC to go into sleep mode , and still allow the USB ports to charge things like phones .	10	Definite
Can a policeman open fire on someone trying to kill him ?	1	Indefinite
it s a gift from my brother .	2	Indefinite
I ordered the MOO SHU pork and it was great ..	2	Definite
The biggest LTTE maritime disaster was reported in the now - defunct Asiaweek in 2001 .	8	Definite
It clearly gives the Admin a very strong upper hand to control who when and where direct access can occur without having to say that they oppose direct access .	3	Definite
But because we do n't want to sound hateful we must pretend everyone 's a possible suspect and make airline travel more miserable than it 's ever been .	14	Indefinite
I have a 4 months Shih Tzu puppy .	2	Indefinite
According to the critic Frank Kermode , " the play - offers neither its good characters nor its audience any relief from its cruelty " .	2	Definite
Copy a line in a grid of grouped lines	4	Indefinite
According to a report issued by the Center for Strategic and International Studies in December of 2004 , Iran " has some 540,000 men under arms and over 350,000 reserves .	2	Indefinite
the following year he was joined by his sister Laure and they spent four years away from home .	0	Definite
Coming from a person who hates the dentist in general , Dr. Taylor was the best !	14	Definite
I have a fax machine at home , though , if you prefer .	2	Indefinite
Click outside of the grid of lines and drag a rectangle over the grid .	3	Definite
That started me out on books and I have amassed quite a few since then .	11	Indefinite
So be sure to get your pet 's memorial on the site and if you have a charity / rescue , make sure it is listed on their database so you can receive some of the profits from the site .	38	Definite
Claude Mandil , the executive director of the International Energy Agency in Paris , said the reserves in the East China Sea were hardly worth the trouble .	15	Definite
The review is also investigating inflammatory Facebook posts from September , alleged to come from police officers in the northern Ontario city .	18	Definite
The thousands of cosplay outfits on parade around the various halls offered a tremendous cross-section of genres and eras of pop culture .	0	Definite
The administrator of the SQL Server can also add additional security by changing the default SA account password .	13	Definite
By completing this maglev line , I think the government is expecting bigger economical development in Japan .	8	Definite
What I know is that I have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in New Orleans .	7	Indefinite
( 2 ) This right may not be invoked in the case of prosecutions genuinely arising from non - political crimes or from acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations .	31	Definite
After a quick half-a-dozen bacon sandwiches each , they pulled on their coats and Mrs Weasley took a flowerpot off the kitchen mantelpiece and peered inside .	20	Definite
Add the flour , cocoa powder , baking soda and pinch of salt to the mixing bowl .	14	Definite
This overall favourable situation is the result of a long preparation at both legislative and institutional level and demonstrates the high level of cooperation achieved in EU and at international level .	19	Definite
Hadid studied mathematics at the American University of Beirut before moving , in 1972 , to London to study at the Architectural Association School of Architecture .	20	Definite
If you are a handcraft beer person , this is a fantastic place to be .	10	Indefinite
The exact purpose of these megaliths is still debated , but they may have constituted a Canaanite " high place " from the Middle Bronze Age , ca. 1600 B.C.E.	22	Definite
I specially did n't say anything about the colour because I did n't want to muddle you up .	7	Definite
The stories from this first period ( 1892 – 94 ) suffered from the excessive influence of Heian poetry .	13	Definite
VCU is also minutes from Downtown Richmond , Canal Walk , Carytown , Stony Point , Short Pump , and the VCU Medical Center .	20	Definite
If possible , can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5 ?	7	Indefinite
During the Post - Classic period in Yucatán a third system was in use .	8	Indefinite
But last April , the rebels abruptly pulled out of negotiations demanding recognition , first , for the right to self - rule before proceeding any further .	4	Definite
Markus Landgraf has estimated the number of interstellar dust particles that should have been captured by Stardust during two periods of the " cruise " phase of the interplanetary orbit in which the spacecraft was moving with this wind .	4	Definite
I went back the next Tuesday night and there was almost no one there , just a few stray photographers taking advantage of the unimpeded views of the lanterns .	27	Definite
Five minutes later they were marching up the hill , broomsticks over their shoulders .	7	Definite
He is now losing the cheek muscle on the left side of his face and seems to be dropping weight by the day .	21	Definite
The following categories from the original questionnaire were collapsed into one category for the analysis : race ; ancestry or national origin ; and shade of skin color .	4	Definite
This , coupled with the lack of a public safety net , makes health problems a leading source of economic hardship , even for middle-class families .	7	Indefinite
The Polaroids were all donated by the Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program , according to Kristen Wilkins , assistant professor of photography and curator of the exhibit .	25	Definite
At the moment , Germany has a massive surplus in its balance of trade with the rest of the Union , something like 25 billion .	1	Definite
Anticipating a difficulty , I ask the stewardess to serve me a kosher lunch .	6	Definite
He has a very high intellect .	2	Indefinite
So my true question comes to this , how can I knock the rat out ?	12	Definite
Now pines , cypresses , and eucalyptus trees grow there below the domes of the Russian Orthodox church .	14	Definite
With regard to criminal sanctions , the Commission has published two reports [ 5 ] on the implementation of the above-mentioned Framework Decision , which show a satisfactory level of implementation .	26	Indefinite
Stillman could wander , he could stagger like a blindman from one spot to another , but this was a privilege denied to Quinn .	19	Indefinite
Once two sets of leaves have formed , basil can be planted into the garden or permanent containers .	13	Definite
The current complaints allege that HANO has not provided qualified former St. Thomas residents a preference with respect to available public housing units at River Garden per the 2003 agreement .	27	Definite
From 1939 to the outbreak of World War II , the municipality experienced the mining boom .	3	Definite
There 's a lot of unfunny jokes that are told in a back room , that 's why they stay and die in that back room and do n’t go out in The Onion .	11	Indefinite
Notwithstanding the above , Licensor reserves the right to release the Work under different license terms or to stop distributing the Work at any time ;	10	Definite
A fine thing to obsess yourself with , burial and lamentation and lying about under the walls of Jerusalem waiting for the Messiah 's trumpet to sound .	21	Definite
I have no doubt that the rescue is wonderful .	5	Definite
Two thirds of the way through the cycle , shake all bottles vigorously .	6	Definite
And perhaps he was cheered by keeping his eye on a chance of promotion to the fleet at Ravenna by-and-by , if he had good friends in Rome and survived the awful climate .	15	Definite
Dr. Fortier threw a large rock at the bear , distracting it and allowing Parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25 - year - old Patricia Doyon , who was in the same tent .	33	Definite
However , the JSC will recieve pilot and commander seats from the flight deck .	2	Definite
Extensive drink list and daily specials but wish they had a bit more on their food menu , although popcorn is a nice touch !	21	Indefinite
Do yourself a favor , call these guys first and enjoy driving your car again ..	2	Indefinite
As such , please provide the following detail :	5	Definite
Feel the meaning , do n't just think of its wordy meaning or try to translate from Sanskrit ( BABA NAM KEVALAM ) to an English meaning ( Infinite peace and happiness ) .	24	Indefinite
Dedicated bodies were created for the technical analysis of counterfeits in the Member States , the ECB - for banknotes , and the Commission - for coins .	15	Definite
It ’s important that the joke ’s target ( the most basic element of your material ) be suited to your audience .	9	Definite
I recommend buying a single unlimited Europass and travelling anywhere in the EU your heart desires .	3	Indefinite
Locked in the cupboard under the stairs , and I ca n't get out of this room –	2	Definite
The present evidence relating to Atta 's alleged travel to Prague does not warrant a conclusion that Al Qaeda obtained the Ames strain from Iraq .	0	Definite
Now , it is only natural that news reports questioning Bush ’s service — in The Boston Globe and The New York Times , on CBS and in other outlets — would come out now .	15	Definite
When she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney .	7	Indefinite
However , you can open the page in Design view and create additional group levels to make the page appear similar to the original object .	5	Definite
Forums like the Emerging Market Symposium can help to bridge the increasingly obvious gap between science and public policy .	10	Definite
that 's fine , i do n't want to see you either , i just need to make a cd .	18	Indefinite
By default , the AllowAdditions , AllowDeletions , and AllowEdits properties of all group levels in a data access page created from a report are set to False .	22	Indefinite
Is the video available to the public ?	5	Definite
Or the history of events and the history of values .	1	Definite
Also notice the entity &amp;apos; which will be transformed to an apostrophe when the data is imported by the receiving application .	18	Definite
Roland Dando said we probably should be seeing you at the Rhino .	10	Definite
How could we make it settle in a new house .	7	Indefinite
It looks like The Lunar Transportation Systems , Inc. is visualizing a " space highway " going from the moon to Earth ( and back again ) .	3	Definite
In the long run , only educate the next generation and open it to the world .	14	Definite
Its architecture , tree-lined boulevards and relaxed pace make it one of the highlights of Iran .	12	Definite
A bird cried out on the roof , and he woke up .	0	Indefinite
Intrepid is good at getting you away from the most touristy spots and showing you something a little different .	8	Definite
Each time an elderly man approached , he braced himself for it to be Stillman .	2	Indefinite
Carnival has been called the WalMart of cruise lines ...	4	Definite
Cheapest surgeons work out of some small clinic and do not have the skills you are looking for . .	12	Definite
It was a great deal -- we paid a certain amount per person , and my husband and I chose 4 types of pizza and the servers brought out as much as we wanted .	8	Indefinite
One of the more interesting of the many highrise residential buildings in Fort Lee	6	Definite
A resubstantiation of the full Q1 DPR will be completed by the Risk control staff reconciling the full trial balances between Q1 open and Q1 close	0	Indefinite
All Harry 's spellbooks , his wand , robes , cauldron and top-of-the-range Nimbus Two Thousand broomstick had been locked in a cupboard under the stairs by Uncle Vernon the instant Harry had come home .	21	Indefinite
The Communists agreed .	0	Definite
Gore released a statement Friday taking Bush to task for his comments on Pakistan 's recent coup .	2	Indefinite
We need an FDR in Iraq , not a Ronald Reagan .	8	Indefinite
And I ca n't even load the newest version of Cyanogen Mod .	6	Definite
At some point in the not so distant future , the Houson and London credit departments need to speak in order that each understands the " philosophy " behind credit analysis for the omnibus and master transactions .	32	Definite
The Chinese program 's second phase will include spacewalks on future missions and demonstrations of docking and undocking techniques .	0	Definite
I read you were coming back , there was an article in the paper , my wife Margot sent it to me in Switzerland , so I thought it was you .	9	Indefinite
What did the Dursleys care if Harry lost his place in the house Quidditch team because he had n't practised all summer ?	11	Definite
Well one of the first things he did was to back down on the promise of not expanding NATO to the east .	13	Definite
The SQL Server database must be running on a Windows NT platform .	8	Indefinite
Just yesterday we switched over to a new site which has a demo of the VM ( virtual microscope ) I invite you to check it out .	6	Indefinite
A part of him had died , he told his friends , and he did not want it coming back to haunt him .	0	Indefinite
We had been evaluating SEO providers for quite some time and finally decided to take the plunge with Stuart , and Ulistic .	15	Definite
Find multiple methods for making Skittles vodka after the jump -- and soon you 'll be tasting the rainbow !	17	Definite
Mr President , on numerous occasions in the past I have disagreed with the rapporteur on her approach to regional policy issues .	13	Definite
However if there is a high level of sodium chloride ( common salt ) that can break down the chorion ( shell ) around the egg and allow critters to get in and eat the yoke and embryo . )	24	Definite
Press the mixture slightly to eliminate air pockets .	1	Definite
The snitch , generally a track runner , runs around ( usually the boundaries ) trying to evade the seekers .	0	Definite
She highly recommended him and described him as the " Saintly Instructor and Simply the Best Instructor there is .... very calm , pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions " .	14	Definite
( That was in 2002 , the year before the invasion of Iraq . )	6	Definite
Depending on the batch of kittens , I will often have as many as one per kitten .	2	Definite
By adding certain chemicals , the ROS can be measured using the emission of light of a certain wave-length .	11	Definite
You can make other noises if you prefer , such as a bird cawing or an explosion sound every time a button is pushed .	20	Indefinite
A heartwarming story of the advances of women in achieving equality throughout the world .	4	Definite
( There initially was an outstanding $ 2 million reward -- under the rewards for justice program , the reward now is up to $ 5 million . ) .	12	Definite
We had a lot of colonies containing a lot of ants , and wherever possible we conducted the experiment blind .	17	Definite
They eventually turned it over to a collection agency and now will not even discuss the matter .	6	Indefinite
" Like many Texans , I am disappointed with NASA 's decision to slight the Johnson Space Center as a permanent home for one of the Space Shuttle Orbiters .	14	Definite
You have to take more into account the whole question of , not just giving aid , but fair trade .	7	Definite
But what their contented little minds will never know is that I knew it when I took the job , I knew it all along , and I 'll say it now as loud as I 'd say it then ...	17	Definite
The most popular lodging is actually camping on the beaches .	0	Definite
It included three tracks cowritten with Rafferty 's brother Jim , also a singer - songwriter , who had been signed to Decca Records in the 1970s .	25	Definite
The Fed 's huge monthly purchases of long-term assets – so-called quantitative easing – have benefited the world as a whole by propping up demand and economic activity in the US .	19	Indefinite
Construction was underway at the mosque in order to enlarge the mosque and improve crowd control , which has been a recurring problem during Mecca 's pilgrimages .	10	Definite
Such a formal orientation that typifies this type of structural equivalence is called a " gloss translation " in which the translator aims at reproducing as literally and meaningfully as possible the form and content of the original .	20	Definite
The impacts of climate change on the region and the globe are projected to increase substantially in the years to come . "	9	Definite
We have been working closely together to identify the issues as they develop and propose solutions .	8	Definite
In the Middle Ages , most Christians did not have access to the Bible in their mother tongue .	12	Definite
Another problem is that sometimes bad eggs will fungus and the fungus will spread out and kill all the eggs .	18	Definite
She said quietly , We certainly did n't think we 'd be the proprietors of the Silver Rhino .	12	Definite
This drawing up was the founding act of Roman law , the institutions of the Roman Republic and the mos maiorum .	14	Definite
Add a PivotTable list to a data access page	1	Indefinite
One major goal in recent decades has been to shift representation at the IMF somewhat away from Europe and toward the world 's emerging markets .	20	Definite
The answer lies in one now - familiar name : Jack Abramoff .	0	Definite
Good place to be on a Sunday Night .	5	Indefinite
Eventually , in about 512 - 511 BC , the Macedonian king Amyntas I accepted the Achaemenid domination and surrendered his country as a vassal state to the Achaemenid Persia .	23	Indefinite
As a result , the legislation is complex , hard to understand and difficult to apply .	4	Definite
The New Left sees it as a reactionary small country .	6	Indefinite
The Twitter attention led to outreach from Google and Mohamed was invited to their Google Science Fair .	0	Definite
( this way the will associate your hand with food , and birds love food lol ) Then I turned on the tv and watch .	21	Definite
Once he has properly settled down , got use to the new smells and noises he will be fine .	10	Definite
This may take some time , but it 's worth the effort if you can attract a wild mouse eater to your yard . [ 6 ]	16	Indefinite
Balzac 's mother , born Anne - Charlotte - Laure Sallambier , came from a family of haberdashers in Paris .	14	Indefinite
But Carney argues that , on the contrary , the rest of the British economy benefits from having a global financial center in its midst .	18	Indefinite
While he admired and drew inspiration from the Romantic style of Scottish novelist Walter Scott , Balzac sought to depict human existence through the use of particulars .	7	Definite
The man seemed young – almost a boy – but you know with them it 's hard to tell .	6	Indefinite
We plan to use the same basic form for the Enron guaranty that will be made in favor of EPMI with respect to the seller 's obligations under the PPA .	23	Definite
To do this , think of various words that begin with / have a lot of a certain vowel .	16	Indefinite
Since work has gone to hell , I am hoping to find some excitement in the possibility that LSU may play in the Cotton Bowl ( if Rohan " Alabama " Davey shows up for the next 3 games . )	35	Definite
Angry crowds chanted anti-American slogans in the western city of Falluja ( pop. 256,000 ) as the security police killed in a friendly fire incident by US troops were buried on Saturday .	6	Definite
If it finds a matching value name , Access loads the reference from the path specified in the corresponding value data .	13	Definite
The name is a pun referencing ants , its primary topic , science , and " non-scientific " jargon-free communication .	3	Indefinite
They got out of the car .	4	Definite
They are also very secretive about being in a relationship .	8	Indefinite
Just one is plenty — it should n't be a recurring theme throughout your conversation .	9	Indefinite
Bobby is a member of a bicycle team , while cycling this weekend , he and other members of his team were injured by a truck .?	5	Indefinite
It is a fairly standard , fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar .	2	Indefinite
No one will ever know whether the recent elections in Spain would have yielded a different result , if not for the train bombings a few days earlier .	24	Indefinite
Gloria developed severe eczema at the age of four months and the parents were advised to send the child to a skin specialist .	20	Indefinite
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608 .	0	Definite
It would be similar to flying the flag of the Third Reich in modern day Germany or in Israel .	6	Definite
It would not be a good thing to blindly apply competition rules and risk endangering the efficiency of Community and national interventions .	15	Definite
The Dursleys liked everything neat and ordered ; the Weasleys house burst with the strange and unexpected .	8	Definite
In 1893 , Higuchi , her mother and her sister abandoned their middle class house and , with a grim determination to survive , moved to a poor neighborhood where they opened a stationery store that before long failed .	26	Indefinite
Drove all the way over from the highway ... closed at 7 .	6	Definite
A number of extremist groups , under the cover of the Islamist movement , have become active in drug trafficking , gun running and anti-Indian activities .	10	Definite
The difference is what they need to live , VS what 's ideal for them .	0	Definite
Today 's announcement is an affront to the thousands of dedicated men and women at Johnson Space Center , the greater Houston community and the State of Texas , and I m deeply disappointed with the Administration 's misguided decision .	24	Definite
Linda is the rudest person you will ever talk to and she sticks up for all of the trashy , rude people that live there , not the nice ones that actually give a crap about respecting others .	33	Indefinite
Half of the population of the Arab world is under the age of 20 , the most receptive age to incitement , guaranteeing two more generations of blind hatred .	2	Definite
A full substantiation of creditors to internal ( contract commitments ) or external documentation ( invoices / request for payment )	0	Indefinite
The first night I dreamed of seeing a stray dog and not stopping to pick it up although it was wandering in an empty parking lot near a busy road .	27	Indefinite
For obvious reasons , knowing how extremely difficult it is to drive a car in the city , you should probably try to be near the subway system .	15	Definite
Abymes nothing special to see , but the weekend , there are 3 local nightclubs : L'instant , Caraibes and Latin Club .	7	Definite
In any event , this question is not presently included among the requests for topical and urgent debate on Thursday .	11	Definite
Annexes I to IX and the Appendices thereto shall form an integral part of this Protocol .	5	Definite
George W. Bush and his administration have consistently undertaken incredibly dangerous courses of action in order to garner political power on the home front .	21	Definite
Internet Explorer has a default , built-in style sheet that displays the XML source as a (collapsible|expandable) tree .	3	Indefinite
It is always good to stick to a formal intense meditation practice like the one for beginners described in the MP3 file that follows after the visualisations .	19	Definite
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Friday 17 December 1999 , and I would like once again to wish you a happy new year in the hope that you enjoyed a pleasant festive period .	30	Definite
They 're going to talk about their kids , they 're going to talk about football , they 're going to talk about the weather .	23	Definite
The food is mediocre at best , and largely overpriced given the portion size and quality .	0	Definite
he was one of those people who , late at night , suddenly have a desperate need of certain companions .	14	Indefinite
It is a fantastic way to enjoy the beauty and wildlife of the island .	2	Indefinite
the aid measures shall be communicated to the Commission within four months of the date of accession .	7	Definite
Hagrid seized Harry by the scruff of the neck and pulled him away from the witch , knocking the tray right out of her hands .	14	Definite
And another $ 100 for wrapping the furniture .	6	Definite
From the west , the A59 and the M62 provide connections from Liverpool and Manchester , and from the north the A1 and the A19 link York with Tyneside , Northumberland and south-eastern Scotland .	23	Definite
After the war , L'Enfant designed the badge of the Society of the Cincinnati , an organization of former officers of the Continental Army , shaped as an eagle , at the request of Washington .	9	Definite
We just did a deal for the rest of the month for 10,000 / d at meter # 1552 QE - 1 @ $ 4.355 .... can you let me and Robert Lloyd know what the sitara # is ?	9	Definite
In the highly charged partisan atmosphere of Washington , DC , this is without question almost always an advantage .	17	Indefinite
Consider a similar case : a little book published in 1934 by the Surrealist artist Max Ernst called Une Semaine de Bonté .	12	Definite
All the Hasidim are vividly enjoying themselves , dodging through the aisles , visiting chattering standing impatiently in the long lavatory lines , amiable , busy as geese .	1	Definite
So , as I was leaving I asked for the designer / dress name or style number associated with my top picks .	9	Definite
All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically , those who responded with sometimes or often to the perceived discrimination measure described above — were asked the following question :	19	Definite
The plan ca n't be described as a binary , a breakaway , a unilevel , or a forced matrix .	10	Indefinite
Fill in the subject , this will be the header that everyone sees as they scroll through the list of postings in a particular group , click the post message button .	27	Definite
This is a homeland security issue of the most existential kind .	2	Indefinite
Corrado Passera withdraws the offer for Mps due to " the attitude of total closure that the Bank has shown to us " .	10	Definite
Those appropriations pale in comparison to the many tens of billions in appropriations relating to the invasion of Iraq .	6	Definite
If you take a flash light and shine it through the eggs and you see nothing throw them away !	10	Definite
The authors find another intriguing effect , too .	0	Definite
When you distribute a Web page that uses components , users who do not have the components installed will be prompted to install the components , provided the Web page designer configures the components to do so .	27	Definite
I had therefore been hoping for a common sense reply , Commissioner , not a technical one .	6	Indefinite
However , when he printed out the service quote , I could see that it was NOT the correct tire , and was not even an appropriate tire for my car model .	25	Indefinite
You made a choice to be a mommy , you do nt get a break until they move out , that s the choice that you madea and that 's life .	22	Definite
two Pericles seminars assisted the ( then ) acceding countries in their efforts to apply the acquis in the specific area ;	15	Definite
Over time it has merged with the neighboring cities of Scottsdale , Tempe , Glendale , Peoria , Chandler , and Gilbert to form the Greater Phoenix Metropolitan Area .	24	Definite
He seemed to understand how important it was for us to make sure the whole house was sprayed so he took his time .	13	Definite
The self of the individual lies hidden in the innermost layers of existence ( kosas ) .	0	Definite
I am sending you some info that I have passed along regarding the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefit .	16	Definite
She is a super sweet , lovable and well - informed woman with a great sense of humor .	2	Indefinite
Acquiring open source talent gives a company an inexpensive way of influencing and anticipating the direction an open source project will go .	16	Indefinite
But the best way is to use coupons .	1	Definite
The only difference we had was for package V02 .	0	Definite
The santorum neologism has inspired satirical forms of parody , including this political cartoon by Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal webcomic artist Zach Weiner .	0	Definite
In a shady garden bed , simply scatter the seeds on the soil .	1	Indefinite
Then came a crackling in the wires , the sound of further dialing , more voices .	5	Definite
The 131-page document was found on Castlefrank Road in Kanata , Ontario in a rain-stained , tire-marked brown envelope by a passerby .	20	Indefinite
As a result , your finances improve - and your newfound confidence could attract new love into your life .	1	Indefinite
Japan favoured a route to the sea , enabling oil to be shipped to both Japan and China .	2	Indefinite
I urge all St. Thomas the Apostle parishioners and all of South Florida residents to come see Gus !!!	5	Definite
Genesis brought back a sample from the Sun almost two years ago , but Stardust is also bringing back the first solid samples from the local interstellar medium —	24	Definite
There are different styles and types of shoes , so ask your ballet teacher or a salesman at the store for advice , given your intentions for dancing .	18	Definite
A pacman frog will need a heat source that creates a basking temp in the upper 80's F for at least 10 - 12 hours a day .	10	Indefinite
Roly was a bachelor and his house was the particular mixture of tranquil luxury and unchangeable dreariness that is a condition of households where white men live indulged in the sole charge of black male servants .	8	Definite
Given the volume of content this represents , it is easy to forget that the television series itself is an adaptation of a book series with a pre-existing fandom .	1	Definite
Now my car s gears and brakes have never run so well ... ever it s like driving a new car .	18	Indefinite
Flames glided in the river , small green flames , red flames , white flames , pursuing , overtaking , joining , crossing each other – then separating slowly or hastily .	3	Definite
He lay on his bed watching the sun sinking behind the bars on the window and wondered miserably what was going to happen to him .	10	Definite
I have to say the value of this place always amazes me .	4	Definite
The " History " section of the site explains , in a satirical fashion , that the incident was prompted by the Church of Scientology 's attempts to remove a promotional video featuring Scientologist Tom Cruise from YouTube .	6	Definite
In fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .	24	Definite
Then there are the so - called true stories that get posted in a series of meaningful pictures with text running underneath .	3	Definite
I had the Chicken Parmesan Dinner and my wife had the Shrimp Scampi Dinner .	2	Definite
I 'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems .	6	Definite
Newer semi-automatic wangs have a rail built into the receiver under the shaft .	11	Definite
That band is involved in a local competition which promises a $ 5000 first prize , which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started .	28	Definite
Will we need a passport ?	3	Indefinite
Went to the Willow Lounge this past weekend for dinner and drinks ... place is awesome .	2	Definite
to aim at full intelligibility of the reader so he / she may understand the full implications of the message ;	18	Definite
Athens today is ever evolving , forging a brand new identity for the 21st century .	7	Indefinite
You may not offer or impose any terms on the Work that alter or restrict the terms of this License or the recipients ' exercise of the rights granted .	26	Definite
Thus the " twisted " area down-town represents the original extent of Tulsa ca 1907 .	1	Definite
She was outside the building in the gardens , waiting for a photographer she had arranged to shoot her new Epic Mickey costumed character-style outfit .	6	Definite
But that 's between the two of them .	4	Definite
One of the most scenicly attractive ports in the whole of New Zealand , Port Hutt boasts an incredibly sheltered little harbour , with picturesque views and safe anchorage in all weather .	17	Indefinite
Mail the six envelopes to the following addresses :	1	Definite
The Dow then sank to 631 in December of '70 .	0	Definite
The above applies to the Derivative Work as incorporated in a Collective Work , but this does not require the Collective Work apart from the Derivative Work itself to be made subject to the terms of this License .	24	Definite
Internet Explorer has a default , built-in style sheet that displays the XML source as a (collapsible|expandable) tree .	15	Indefinite
The report contains a number of proposals for tax concessions which many other speakers have mentioned in this evening 's debate .	3	Indefinite
In 1970 Roland Barthes published S / Z , a detailed analysis of Balzac 's story Sarrasine and a key work in structuralist literary criticism .	18	Indefinite
The photo clearly shows the narrow touch display bar above the keyboard that has been anticipated in rumors .	0	Definite
They may however be applied beyond the period specified in the first paragraph as long as the relevant commitments have not been fulfilled .	10	Definite
Try the 360 restraunt u spin in the cn tower with a beautiful view the sky pod elevator is about an hour line up in the summer	11	Indefinite
Another theme of the Skylark novels involves precursors of modern information technology .	3	Definite
For the last few years there have been tensions with Iran ’s nuclear program with word coming this week that a deal was reached through the European Union that meets with the approval of the International Atomic Energy Agency .	31	Definite
Nothing contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein .	7	Indefinite
Last year she came up to me during one of the games late in the season ; she was so happy we were going to the post season .	14	Definite
This acceptance of blatantly terrorist groups as legitimate freedom movements is a cancerous tumor on the United Nations and the media .	19	Definite
I have asked Doug Daniels to prepare the settlement papers reflecting such an agreement .	7	Definite
It simply refers to the same ICC publication for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generally .	4	Definite
Please forward a copy of the J.M. Huber Corporation Guaranty to my attention .	2	Indefinite
It is a setback for the war on terror .	5	Definite
The plots of Shakespeare 's tragedies often hinge on such fatal errors or flaws , which overturn order and destroy the hero and those he loves .	0	Definite
I have also had an 80 yr old that I take of sent to the ER and long stays in the hospital .	20	Definite
His father , born Bernard - François , was one of eleven children from a poor family in Tarn , a region in the south of France .	20	Indefinite
Learn to get ready for practicing , the basic positions , and some of the first techniques you 're likely to encounter in ballet .	7	Definite
Instead , it was a young man , dressed entirely in white , with the white-blond hair of a child .	14	Definite
I remember what people said about the Italian adventure in Ethiopia and about the Spanish Civil War and the Battle of Britain .	6	Definite
Yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son Ahmed Abdul Qadoos , who receives a stipend from the UN for being officially low - IQ due to lead poisoning .	9	Definite
The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced " Vilt-two " — the discoverer was German , I believe ) .	5	Definite
It is not really possible to score this school too highly , We would give it 12 out of 10 and 5 Stars across the board Steve & Anne	24	Definite
He 's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he 's been in town for awhile .	2	Indefinite
Originally , a proposal was promised for the beginning of last year .	2	Indefinite
The screw - up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean - counters ( and McNamara was nothing if not a bean - counter ) instead of soldiers in charge of the military .	36	Definite
Actually it is not a new truck .	4	Indefinite
At any rate , there is still quite a lot of circumvention and evasion in this area by the Member States .	18	Definite
He returned with two bottles , placed them on a wooden crate that served as the coffee table , and sat down on the sofa across from Quinn .	9	Indefinite
Country has an Independent strategy = NASA & company to use " Numero Uno " strategy , try to assert , beat , mesh and control the space program of the country .	2	Indefinite
Barrie enrolled at the University of Edinburgh where he wrote drama reviews for the Edinburgh Evening Courant .	13	Definite
Japan 's special envoy , Yasushi Akashi , who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released , came back from visits to Colombo and Kilinochchi in early November a frustrated man .	35	Indefinite
When the French returned to Indochina at the end of WW II the Viet Minh were in control of the Red River Delta .	12	Definite
Sometimes back , Paul told George in the Apple offices that the new generations are a bundle of idiots and useless people , but in any way they would have also been slaves of the Beatles .	15	Indefinite
A large central market and numerous small shops are found all around the main plaza .	12	Definite
" He wrote with admiration of Balzac 's attempt to portray in writing " a beast with a hundred claws .	17	Indefinite
I compared the things I saw under the 'scopes to what had been published on other species in this group .	2	Definite
Service was average , but nothing special , and restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do a better job of training their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly , not merely capable .	18	Indefinite
The central station is at 319 S. Denver ( downtown ) .	0	Definite
I 'm a little afraid when i buy PS3 or X - BOX then a newer version comes out .	14	Indefinite
I agree w the answer from Nothing .	3	Definite
I 'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow .	13	Definite
The delicacy of the light also affects me .	0	Definite
For many visitors , the first place they are likely to visit is Downtown , especially if they are in town on business , or simply do not know where to start .	4	Definite
I 'm sure that you can find some hotels that are running in the christchurch area , but if not then there would be some in close by towns .	13	Definite
Consequently , the proposals could , in practice , produce the opposite effect to that intended and become an obstacle to increased competition .	10	Definite
The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting developers .	15	Definite
In addition , we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer .	26	Indefinite
When you open a page , Access reads the connection file that is linked to the page , and based on the contents of the connection file , connects the page to the appropriate data source .	32	Definite
It is a curb bit with a ported mouth piece and some horses appreciate this to give them more room in their mouths for their tongues .	2	Indefinite
The road to the village would be blocked , the dog ran over the soft fields breathing like a dragon ...	18	Indefinite
When you create a link , Access will automatically set the ConnectionString property based on the contents of the connection file .	18	Definite
York was known as Eboracum by the Romans , who founded the fortress city on the River Ouse in the year 71 .	15	Definite
Figuratively speaking , this outer circle is the guardian , which makes sure that the people look and listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement , rather than to the world outside .	21	Definite
She fell in love with him right away , not knowing that , at 31 , he had a reputation as a womanizer .	18	Indefinite
As noted earlier , all analyses were weighted according to the survey weight provided by the Add Health research staff and standard errors were corrected for the clustering and stratification that defined the sampling strategy .	32	Definite
The Arabs have shown no inclination toward Communist ideology and their oil continues to flow to the West .	0	Definite
Hmmm ... A person can not call a company , if you have no idea its name ( since the designer is unknown ... SUPPOSEDLY ) , and order a gown without a dress name or style number .	7	Indefinite
From then on , the Beatles began to get involved in false religions and to preach them to the world .	18	Definite
This was an unhappy time in his life , during which he attempted suicide on a bridge over the Loire River .	15	Indefinite
I hope that the debate on wine-growing will benefit the wine producer , the product and the consumer alike .	13	Definite
Attached are the gas settlement and support for May .	2	Definite
No doubt , in 2005 you 'll find yourself pushed more and more out into the world .	15	Definite
put the heater on the snake he will love it and the the next day you will have dinner	11	Definite
I 've never had a dwarf hamster but I 've had the same problem with my pet rat I put some chicken wiring around it the I got from home depot and now it ca n't out .	11	Definite
I 'm nothing more than a devoted fan of the game myself and I hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan discussions .	9	Definite
First , the profitability of an innovation may not be a good measure of its net contribution to our standard of living .	10	Indefinite
With over 40,000 inhabitants , though , it 's not just a nature reserve .	11	Indefinite
Sorry , I would put that application in the round file .	8	Definite
Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me .	4	Definite
Someone called to Vivien and they were drawn away from the dancers to a crowded table .	10	Definite
They phoned the same day , confirmed it was the gearbox quoted me the job , I gave the go ahead .	18	Definite
The city had about 391,000 people and the metro area had about 937,000 people as of 2010 from the US Census Bureau .	7	Definite
What are some cool ideas for making a postor usint the word MAD on a white paper in a weird or artsy way ?	18	Indefinite
Also NASA has a large outreach program for education , some people believe this is important .	3	Indefinite
It 's helpful to know a quite a bit about bull fighting .	5	Indefinite
Two months ago I had to have an operation for a serious complaint .	7	Indefinite
If you are moving the line away from the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows larger .	11	Definite
Throughout the twentieth century , the City of Cleveland proper was ranked as one of the 10 largest cities in the U.S. ( from 1890 until 1970 per US Census Bureau statistics ) .	5	Definite
He has returned from a voyage , he is out in the sun shining from the hills of Moab , he is drinking aquavit with a dear friend , looking over at Mount Zion .	15	Definite
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be net tons ( 2000 lbs ) and the quantity shown shall be in net tons per month .	6	Definite
I sat in the shadow in my living room for a while , looking at the amorphous mass of the blanket I had been crocheting .	15	Definite
At the age of one , Harry had somehow survived a curse from the greatest dark sorcerer of all time , Lord Voldemort , whose name most witches and wizards still feared to speak .	10	Indefinite
When the Soviet Union collapsed there had been an agreement , a recent agreement , between Gorbachev and the U.S government and the first Bush administration .	18	Definite
I visited the damaged area of the 1999 storm near Bhubaneshwar in the summer of 2012 for an invited symposium and summer school on tropical cyclones [ ... ] sponsored by the Indian government .	12	Definite
the staff is very personable & actually care about the customers safety rather than taking there money .	9	Definite
Both are made keeping in mind the comforts of the travelers .	6	Definite
One such murder , with the help of hysterical media coverage , can destroy the tourism industry of a country for quite a while , as it did in Bali and in Turkey .	18	Indefinite
We oppose the excessive control the central administration of the Union and its Member States exercises and we are calling for a reduction in the bureaucracy that has taken root in the drafting and implementation of programmes .	24	Definite
In order to win , it is necessary to first eliminate the terrorist regimes , so that no Government in the world will serve as a safe haven for these people .	25	Indefinite
We just moved to a town outside Philly a couple of months back so I 'm not an expert on the area .	8	Indefinite
I do not find the term " Alternate Transporter Imbalance " in our agreement ..	4	Definite
The taxpayer who has to pay for it , the smaller undertakings and species-friendly stock rearing all fall by the wayside .	9	Definite
We have received the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas , which adds the Canadian Securities Representation , so we do n't have to add the rep into every confirm .	6	Definite
The Wolfson Foundation of London has paid for the planting of gardens , and Arab kids are kicking a soccer ball in the green bottom of the valley .	22	Definite
The brochure for the Conference and associated Workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below : < http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf > << http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >>	0	Definite
However , you can open the page in Design view and change the property settings .	5	Definite
Twice , when his scavenging haul had been unusually large , he returned to the hotel in the middle of the day and remerged a few minutes later with an empty bag .	24	Indefinite
The Macedonian eastern border with Thrace was now secured at the river Nestus ( Mesta ) .	10	Definite
make sure that you have a shallow dish of water for it .	5	Indefinite
Helen is a wonderful place to take you family .	2	Indefinite
Last June , an international initiative led by Japan to persuade the LTTE to come back to the negotiating table failed despite an aid package offer of US$ 4.5 billion .	17	Definite
Has a location , Theirs or TW land / ROW , been settled and when is the required in - service date ?	16	Definite
In late September 2001 , it was announced that the President was seeking a blanket waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in connection with pursuing the militant islamists .	13	Indefinite
According to at least some reports , Bin Laden rejected the suggestion of a closer alliance -- preferring to pursue his own concept of jihad .	10	Definite
Of THESE three , it 's a toss - up between Royal and Carnival .	6	Indefinite
This one person who I never met took a picture of me and sent it to me in an e-mail .	18	Indefinite
The playwright and critic George Bernard Shaw mocked the cult of Shakespeare worship as " bardolatry " .	0	Definite
I read of a case not long ago when some people were trying to get a polygamous judge taken off the bench for not obeying state law .	15	Indefinite
I love the people , the product and the service !	8	Definite
When you open a page , Access reads the connection file that is linked to the page , and based on the contents of the connection file , connects the page to the appropriate data source .	29	Definite
My page jumped out of bed as if crazed , looking more dead than alive , and you can imagine how I felt when he cried , “ They 're already being presented to the king ! "	34	Definite
Expensive for the level of food and the quality of service .	2	Definite
Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day .	6	Definite
When the Hasid returns to his seat after prayers , I tell him that my wife , a woman of learning , will be lecturing at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem .	26	Definite
There is n't much to see in the delta , it 's a lifestyle not a resort area .	15	Indefinite
He has a long and distinguished record , including many years as a Federal Appeals Judge , the next level below Supreme Court .	17	Definite
There has therefore been enough time for the Commission to prepare its programme and for us to become familiar with it and explain it to our citizens .	7	Definite
When you open an Access file , if Access does n't find a referenced file in the specified location , it searches for the reference as follows .	16	Definite
Go to a local market or drug store , and buy this month 's copy of the " Philadelphia Magazine " .	16	Definite
You could move all the babies into a fry net breeder or move all of the bigger fish ( also the parents ) to a different tank to avoid the babies getting eaten .	20	Definite
That 's a sign of arrogance , since it is very hard to be a truly good friend to someone who 's stuck on themselves .	2	Indefinite
Quinn wanted to drop the conversation right there , but something in him persisted .	4	Definite
Olivia played records with the living-room windows wide open so that the music came out to them .	11	Definite
But there are strong hints in the country that a new Indo - Sri Lanka defense deal could be in the making .	20	Definite
The # 1 Newsgroup Service in the World !	0	Definite
UVB on the other hand can only be reproduced by a fluorescent source .	2	Definite
2002 - The worst year for major markets since the recession of the 1970s .	2	Definite
Many illegals were not counted in the population until the mid-80s .	9	Definite
Being an American and from the " south " you will be noticed as soon as you speak out loud .	5	Definite
Who was that I do n't know ... one of the people from the plane ... a baldish fair man with an accent , I did n't catch the name .	28	Definite
2 - Percentage of the world 's population that is British .	4	Definite
I believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI ( based in London ) .	2	Definite
Yet , the good old traditional own resources are the cause of major headaches for control and concern about fraud .	2	Definite
This operation would only consolidate the terrorist acts in the world and would not bring peace to the region , " the message claimed .	21	Definite
I 'm looking for a camera that has really good zoom during a video and pictures ; and good quality pictures / videos	12	Indefinite
Now I hide a lot less . " )	3	Indefinite
He got the pictures back to me quickly .	2	Definite
So follow the link at the bottom and buy some blood sausages .	2	Definite
This enables RAC to manage the associated risk during the life of the transaction both effectively and appropriately .	5	Definite
( 29 ) It is in the interest of the functioning of the internal market to have standards which have been harmonised at Community level .	9	Definite
Dust storms usually start in desert margins rather than the deserts themselves where the finer materials have already been blown away .	9	Definite
The ReportML language is made up of a set of tags that describe a form , report or data access page 's properties , events , and attributes .	13	Indefinite
The one - star review from 2005 is out of date .	0	Definite
Hadid studied mathematics at the American University of Beirut before moving , in 1972 , to London to study at the Architectural Association School of Architecture .	4	Definite
I put the coffee thing in hot water and settled for a cup of weak coffee .	2	Definite
My girlfriend and I took a chance on this place because we did n't want to wait in line at Outback .	5	Indefinite
The Settlement date shall be the date ( s ) set forth in the Product description on the Website .	5	Definite
Nida has been a pioneer in the fields of translation theory and linguistics .	3	Indefinite
Remember the old shoe sizing machines that was a form of radiation xray ?	1	Definite
Just remember to make sure the mother is properly caring for the baby .	11	Definite
How do we accurately assess the fact that , owing to medical progress , heart surgery is more likely to be successful now than in the past , leading to a significant increase in life expectancy and quality of life ?	5	Definite
Kayani is well known and liked in Kabul as during the last year he led the Pakistani delegation in the tripartite military meetings with the Afghan and US military on issues related to border issues .	15	Definite
She was also never forced to perform labour in the engine room .	9	Definite
Instituto Gonzaga , a catholic school in Milan . Image : Friedrichstrasse .	3	Indefinite
The terms of office of the newly appointed members shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office at the time of accession .	23	Definite
This unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling - out with his Iraqi partner , who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of Kuwait , a wholly - owned U.S. - British subsidiary .	31	Indefinite
" Diligence " is the key word for you , Taurus .	4	Definite
Strings of dusty niggers with splay feet arrived and departed ; a stream of manufactured goods , rubbishy cottons , beads , and brass-wire set into the depths of darkness , and in return came a precious trickle of ivory .	11	Indefinite
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .	4	Definite
If somebody makes a wai to you , a slight bow alone is more than sufficient for ordinary occasions , and for business , most Thais will shake hands with foreigners instead of waiing anyway .	3	Indefinite
Indians arrived from Canada , led by Joseph Brant ; they supported the British because the colonists were expropriating more and more of their lands .	15	Definite
In 1836 Balzac took the helm of the Chronique De Paris , a weekly magazine of society and politics .	12	Indefinite
Phoenix has an arid climate with long , hot summers and very mild winters .	2	Indefinite
The function of this palace was for holding religious-national ceremonies and royal festivals and for receiving royal ambassadors and guests .	0	Definite
The crane accident comes just ten days before the beginning of the Hajj , the annual pilgrimage to Mecca , Islam 's holiest site .	14	Definite
Asking for help with a work or school-related problem is almost always a good bet , as is asking a question about something striking about the person .	4	Indefinite
This not only ensures the lifeboats are operational and will work if needed , but makes the crew proficient at launching them .	4	Definite
NiMo released an additional RFP for peaking supplies for this winter , I believe Phil should have or be getting that RFP .	2	Indefinite
Importing queries created under one ANSI SQL query mode into an Access database set to another mode , or exporting queries created under one ANSI SQL query mode to an Access database set to another mode .	10	Indefinite
The liq value for the call is CORRECT .	0	Definite
This means the experimenter does n't know which ants belong to which treatment , so it 's impossible to influence the results with ' observer bias ' .	20	Definite
( When I worked at the IMF in the 2000 ' s , page - three coverage of our events by leading newspapers was typically viewed as preferable to top billing ) .	5	Definite
The radar system for which Alvarez is best known and which has played a major role in aviation , most particularly in the post war Berlin airlift , was Ground Controlled Approach ( GCA ) .	0	Definite
To buy into Putin 's sham federalism is to accept the lies that the Kremlin has been spewing about Ukraine 's current interim government and the brave men and women who ousted Yanukovych .	10	Definite
" If a school bus carrying fifty children drove off a cliff , killing everyone involved ... that would be a tragedy " .	20	Indefinite
The 1609 edition was dedicated to a " Mr. W.H. " , credited as " the only begetter " of the poems .	6	Indefinite
And this is one of the oldest pieces of environmental legislation that we have in Europe .	5	Definite
Jin Ping Mei , published in 1610 , although incorporating earlier material , marks the trend toward independent composition and concern with psychology .	14	Definite
It is no surprise that the federal and state governments have classified the National Natural Heritage as a nation - wide endeavor of the highest priority and have documented it starting in 2005 in a coalition contract .	17	Indefinite
We support the introduction of a European quality mark , which takes account of animal welfare and the environment .	5	Indefinite
We played a new version of Uno called " African Uno " that was complex , fast and at times , physically challenging .	2	Indefinite
You can change property settings for a group of controls of the same type or for a group of controls of different types .	6	Indefinite
It has often been said that " True love is just around the corner " ... and maybe ... if you have n't found it as yet - you possibly soon will .	12	Definite
This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution of racial categories across the various reported reasons for discrimination .	5	Indefinite
People do not go to Ireland on holiday for the weather , it is unpredictable .	9	Definite
Another person in the store stood there with an item and repeatedly tried to get a sales person s attention .	3	Definite
No , technically they do not need a UVB light ; they are nocturnal .	7	Indefinite
Shakespeare was buried in the chancel of the Holy Trinity Church two days after his death .	7	Definite
Our Rector Barbara and our Deacon Clare also have signed the Declaration .	10	Definite
During the U.S. and Russian lunar race during the Cold War , NASA scored an early coup by circling the moon with the Apollo 8 crew over the 1968 Christmas holidays .	22	Definite
The apostrophe has a special purpose in an XML document and can be misinterpreted if used directly in the text .	7	Indefinite
But the depth and persistence of the ongoing crisis have exposed the euro 's fundamental fragilities , and should serve as a warning that today 's technocratic Band - Aids may not hold in the face of another shock .	37	Indefinite
Monks are an integral part of Buddhism in Thailand , and Thai men are generally expected to spend a certain amount of time living as a monk at least once in their lifetime .	18	Indefinite
Watch the airlift	1	Definite
The terms instructed that she pass it down intact to " the first son of her body " .	11	Definite
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page , we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers .	9	Definite
The single most costly thing we spend on is rent and advertising , those two together make up the bulk of what we spend .	18	Definite
and the extension of the content of the technical and operational back - up to administrative support for active investigations , with intermediation by Europol .	7	Definite
So you 've finally learned the days of the week .	5	Definite
Have n't heard from you in a while .	6	Indefinite
I have my paralegal gathering the pleadings Enron requested .	5	Definite
Of course , the potential of educated , empowered women to drive sustained economic growth is not limited to South Korea .	3	Definite
One of the most famous plants is the dragon 's blood tree “ dracaena cinnabara ” which exists only on Socotra and nowhere else on the Earth .	7	Definite
Okay , so that was the basis on which then shortly after the Soviet Union collapsed .	5	Definite
First , people around the world are desperate for high quality how-to information .	4	Definite
Under the accord , a new northeastern provincial council was formed and the Indian army was deployed as peacekeepers in the north and east .	1	Definite
We have never had a bad experience buying from Edmark .	4	Indefinite
I have long been a trenchant critic of the Sadrists .	8	Definite
To provide information on the analytical sample as a whole , two additional demographic variables are included .	4	Definite
Third , with the " new age " Efrem Zimbalist , Jr. in charge of the investigation , it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security .	3	Definite
Can you give me the Sitara deal # ?	4	Definite
Arctic summer sea ice will decline by 50 percent by the end of the 21st century , the assessment found , with some models predicting complete disappearance of summer sea ice .	10	Definite
In the case of the imperial family , it is considered extremely inappropriate to use the given name .	4	Definite
Have both of the teams turn around and have the referee throw it into the grass or pitch while the teams are n't looking .	14	Definite
The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development is very attentive to the demands of the experts and of society .	11	Definite
Lopez 's 1561 book " Libro de la invencion liberal y arte del Juego del Acedraz " became THE classic on Chess openings , including the one that bears his name .	25	Definite
He has the family look the brown eyes , arched brows , dark coloring , and white hair .	5	Definite
Also very friendly and the stylists are not in the " been there / done that " mood !	9	Definite
The heat was heightened by drink and animation and the glass filled by the long , narrow black hand of his neighbour was marked by the fingerprints of the white woman who had relinquished it .	9	Definite
The many light toys such a swords , devil ears , and lanterns turn the milling crowd into a unique light show that can be observed by climbing the steps of the 70 meter memorial hall on the grounds .	28	Definite
The two main factors driving that increase were the expansion of credit and the rapid rise in resources devoted to asset management ( associated , not coincidentally , with the exponential growth in financial - sector incomes ) .	8	Definite
As they design their web pages for the newer browsers with advanced web technology and geared to the newest web core markup language HTML 5 , they are forced to accommodate older out-of-date technology to support IE6 users .	17	Definite
But iPhone was the first " Officiol " touch screen smart phone .	3	Definite
I sincerely wonder if the doctor has a clue about what is going on within his practice .	4	Definite
I just have a few issues supporting my back and my left leg flops .	3	Indefinite
The home office in Haifa was trying to get protection from the insurance company .	11	Definite
Secondly , we can not support proposals for the split in funding or criteria in relation to the new Structural Fund regulation .	8	Definite
Business Case : If we offered Dean 55 k or 60 k it would still constitute a over a $ 10,000 increase ( approximately 25 % ) and taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory at the specialist level .	18	Indefinite
Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .	25	Indefinite
The antipasti were amazing , the wines were mind - blowing , the service could n't have been better .	5	Definite
Moving information across the Internet and between software applications has always been difficult due to differences in data formats and proprietary structures .	3	Definite
The upside-down trading floor is deserted .	0	Definite
I do n’t like the doctor , but I do n’t know why .	4	Definite
If you have not already seen the Flash movie Epic , you should take a few minutes and view the future history of media as conceived by Robin Sloan and Matt Thompson , with music by Aaron McLeran .	19	Definite
For the rest , after his hours of work , a casual stroll or a casual spree on shore suffices to unfold for him the secret of a whole continent , and generally he finds the secret not worth knowing .	24	Definite
She started out at the RSC in the mid-Sixties playing an asylum - inmate in Marat / Sade .	7	Definite
I hope you have a great summer .	4	Indefinite
is a start tag and is an end tag which together describe an element of data , in this case , the customer 's name .	21	Definite
In fact , many people Wikinews observed took out their mobiles as they left for the evening and used their own phone cameras to make one further record of the moment - a photo of a photo .	32	Indefinite
3 When you filter a field , the drop-down arrow Field arrow for the filtered field changes to blue instead of black , and the AutoFilter button on the toolbar is selected .	28	Definite
The adaptations proposed concern the increase of the proportion of co-financing by the Community budget ;	4	Definite
You will also have the experience of learning the bella Sicilian culture , that I have fallen in luv with .	4	Definite
We may arrange for the best airport security in the world .	9	Definite
Mississippi media earlier reported 54 people killed in the state .	8	Definite
In 1836 Balzac took the helm of the Chronique De Paris , a weekly magazine of society and politics .	4	Definite
Friend of the poor	2	Definite
No , it means only that the Jews , because they are Jews , have never been able to take the right to live as a natural right .	20	Definite
She going to be a mother ?	4	Indefinite
for three years he trained and worked at the office of Victor Passez , a family friend .	8	Definite
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I am determined to prove to the Admissions committment that I can do the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business .	19	Definite
However , he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron 's interests .	5	Indefinite
Hold the chicken down on a flat surface .	1	Definite
You can add a security question to your account from your Security Settings page :	3	Indefinite
According to Rathbun , a detective for the Los Angeles Sheriff 's office was provided with material from Scientology to build a case against Montalvo .	7	Definite
Not surprisingly , most of the yearly festivals occur during these times so as to take advantage of the crowds and the more favourable weather .	5	Definite
" I need to pay for a damaged book , " she said .	6	Indefinite
The psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud drew on Shakespearean psychology , in particular that of Hamlet , for his theories of human nature .	0	Definite
In theory , market - determined currency values are supposed to isolate the domestic economy from the vagaries of international finance , rising when money floods in and falling when the flows are reversed .	16	Definite
Santorum the person has been in the news throughout the primary season , and we thought it would be interesting to try to create a delicious drink that mimicked the appearance of the Dan Savage meaning of " santorum . "	1	Definite
7 - Number of Arabic linguists fired by the US army between mid-August and mid-October 2002 for being gay .	8	Definite
They went the extra mile to repair my cowboy boots -- they had to have a special kind of paper that looked like wood grain to fix the heels .	2	Definite
The change is mainly on the Settlement Date text , which instead of " ... Two business days after the date of the Transaction ... " shall read as follow :	22	Definite
The RHS collected comments sent in by schoolchildren and teachers involved in the experiment .	12	Definite
In the lower part , there are three palm trees overlooking the sea , which represent the love that the people of this Island have for their land .	11	Definite
What is all important is to be French , or to have been French for a good long time .	15	Indefinite
The euro was the most audacious of those symbols – a construct of dubious economic value , with well - documented fragilities .	10	Indefinite
That the Iraqi Islamic Party is now contemplating leaving the Allawi government raises the question of whether a mass Sunni Arab boycott of the elections is in the offing , thus fatally weakening the legitimacy of any new government .	23	Definite
Second , we examined the relative proportions of the two discrimination experience measures across each racial category .	4	Definite
I needed a part for my appliance , the cost was very high so I said never mind , paid the fee and called a local business for a second quote .	28	Indefinite
If that 's ok , how do you want your name to show up on the title and what address should I use ?	15	Definite
Buried 100 meters ( 328 feet ) underground , the Pyongyang Metro is one of the deepest commuter systems in the world .	20	Definite
The Sunni AMS told Iraqis , " You sinned when you participated with occupation forces in the assault on Najaf , and beware lest you repeat this same sin in Fallujah .	16	Definite
Carroll met Rachel in the Jellicoh College library , where he had a part-time job .	12	Indefinite
However , it was too oriented to small posts in the West and not as well - prepared for an overseas conflict .	19	Indefinite
Thus , the time it takes and the ways of visually exploring an artwork can inform about its relevance , interestingness , and even its aesthetic appeal .	7	Definite
The new rocket design will differ slightly from it's predecessors , in the fact that the crew and cargo would launch separately from two different rockets each and join up in space later on .	12	Definite
He recovered and was released from the hospital on April 11 , becoming the first serving U.S. president to survive being shot in an assassination attempt .	6	Definite
A plain black leotard and pink tights are usually a safe bet .	0	Indefinite
You can export a database object as an XML document in several ways :	7	Indefinite
The lump - sum payments shall be used within three years from the first payment .	12	Definite
Of course , that was the bottom	5	Definite
The drink was mildly popular for the last few months , but of course has become a great deal more popular since getting all this publicity .	16	Indefinite
American citizens have for decades taken it as a given that our military can overwhelm and overcome any foe on the battlefield .	8	Indefinite
OVERALL DECENT BUT IF YOU ARE EXPECTING A RUTH CHRIS TYPE STEAK , THIS IS NOT IT .	7	Indefinite
He said it was the same tire , and verified this , after checking both the actual tire on my car and my service papers from earlier in the week .	28	Definite
Balzac was a highly conservative Royalist ;	2	Indefinite
The " Federal Eagle " stamp used in the anthrax mailings was a blue - green .	12	Indefinite
Dr. Fortier , an orthodontist , learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of Baffin Island in July 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall .	3	Indefinite
If you took out the clown loach it would make a nice 150 gallon tank .	4	Definite
What disturbs is whether Americans understand the world at all , whether they are a match for the Russians the Sadats are in themselves comparatively unimportant .	17	Definite
These changes , while significant , were concentrated in the elite , and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages .	25	Definite
After every world war , the rules of international law have changed , and the same will happen after the present one .	14	Definite
per our conversation yesterday afternoon , attached are proposed drafts of the Schedule and the Para. 13 relative to the above .	19	Definite
Three months before , Adamson Mweta stood outside a steak house in Kensington and said to him ,	8	Indefinite
( 2 ) Marriage shall be entered into only with the free and full consent of the intending spouses .	10	Definite
I need a new lawnmower , so I 'll try to bump it up a little more .	2	Indefinite
However , he left my horse without a shoe for TWO WEEKS ( now that 's what I call a crap farrier ) .	7	Indefinite
Mrs Clinton has a reputation for a hawkish outlook , but this will be tempered by war - weary public opinion in the US .	22	Definite
If you are moving the line away from the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows larger .	8	Definite
Another connection to Philippine terror and weapons smuggling - dating from the 1980s - is alleged in the book Disposable Patriot , by Jack Terrell .	11	Definite
And as I looked at the map of it in a shop-window , it fascinated me as a snake would a bird – a silly little bird .	23	Indefinite
The unlikely mixture of warehouses and very expensive restaurants and posh atmosphere alongside some of the landmarks of the city 's waterfront makes the Square an interesting place to visit and explore , even for locals .	23	Definite
But the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish , in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications , which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about .	1	Definite
However , what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans and attack the ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful Clear and Defend operations .	15	Definite
The battles and demonstrations were provoked by the US assault on Fallujah .	0	Definite
Also , revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from PGE at rates above TW 's tariff rates were adjusted accordingly .	4	Definite
As faith leaders , we commit ourselves to public action , visibility , education , and mutual support in the service of the right and freedom to marry .	19	Definite
* Adopts guidelines to improve reliability and help moderate prices in gas commodity markets , and identifies the capital projects needed to meet these guidelines over the course of the GA II period ( 2003 - 2007 ) . *	17	Definite
Let me know when you get the quotes from Pauline .	6	Definite
He also discussed the federalization of the City of Buenos Aires , the extension of the commercial code and the appointment of new generals to the army .	3	Definite
It is difficult to imagine a justification for any action that could envelop the United States in a military and economic conflict with Iraq , Iran , Syria and China simultaneously .	13	Definite
The Hatfill theory -- to include ongoing interviews and ongoing 7 / 24 surveillance by 8 surveillance specialists -- is now the subject of pending civil rights and libel claims of uncertain merit .	0	Definite
Brian has been one of the most crucial elements to the success of Mozilla software over the past few years , ...	16	Definite
The heat was heightened by drink and animation and the glass filled by the long , narrow black hand of his neighbour was marked by the fingerprints of the white woman who had relinquished it .	0	Definite
Rafferty recorded a new version of his Humblebums song " Her Father Did n't Like Me Anyway " on the album Over My Head ( 1994 ) .	2	Indefinite
And though he 'd been a faithful servant , he was not such a player that he could get away with that .	13	Indefinite
Again , a great outing for the kids , a frustration for an out of town climber .	12	Indefinite
A significant reduction in energy consumption as suggested by the Commission in its European Climate Change Programme ( ECCP ) is possible .	9	Definite
While other may be ok waiting in line at Town Bagel we are happy with the quality and service we get at Family Bagels	15	Definite
Even though they might not be the best way to get around the island , a ride on the bus is still an experience you should not miss .	6	Definite
This is by far the worst chinese food I have ever had .	4	Definite
After all , I also was a part of the great cause of these high and just proceedings .	6	Indefinite
Dr. Fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the Soper River .	14	Definite
I 'm sure it s not every day that a funeral director sees the same family in such a short time .	13	Definite
I am not in the office today , so please include Renee Alfaro on your response .	4	Definite
But now we have an entire new set .	4	Indefinite
On one occasion , it is implied he is an undercover agent whose target is Homer .	9	Indefinite
The square contains two mosques , a palace , and the bazaar .	0	Definite
If India could transform its IP regime to resemble the US system , which is more robust than China 's , the benefits would be even greater .	9	Definite
Although the lodging and facilities may not be the same as more modern and developed locations , Socotra is a beautiful and magnificent destination choice .	19	Indefinite
Here 's a Miami Herald interview with the relaxed terrorist and former CIA operative in a luxury condo , published yesterday .	7	Definite
Since Member States and the industry agree that the star rating system has proved not to deliver the expected result , Directive 92 / 42 / EEC should be amended to open the way for more effective schemes .	8	Definite
The events of last week - which originated outside the Conference of Presidents , that Conference being used simply to corroborate and ratify decisions taken elsewhere - present us with a dilemma .	30	Indefinite
I am sending you a letter from their atty .	4	Indefinite
The management and staff are superb .	0	Definite
The town 's death toll may be " in the hundreds " , municipal spokesman Vincent Creel said .	9	Definite
Marianne : The following are my comments :	2	Definite
It was a bit experimenting connections between the language and the music and the psychology of people .	7	Definite
The home page for Rockin on the River is , and it lists all the acts scheduled for the season .	6	Definite
It took the Vigor team only 4 visits to get me feeling normal !	2	Definite
The Pericles programme is playing a significant role in achieving the present results in the protection of the euro and the fight against the crime of counterfeiting , through the exchange of information and the development of cooperation .	10	Definite
On the Liberty we liked the comedian and juggling act .	5	Definite
Yes , it is true that some people do n't like the way they think he will vote on the Supreme Court .	19	Definite
Although the details of the documents on Mohammed 's computer may ( or may not ) point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal , they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings .	33	Definite
The attempts at making peace finally ended in spring of 1415 and Enrique decided to execute his plan : an invasion of the entire Kingdom of France .	0	Definite
Hamas has become rather unpopular in Gaza , as many see the Israeli air strikes as a response towards the rocket attacks upon Israeli soil .	11	Definite
Firstly , does the total amount of Community budget receipts cover the current requirement of the European Union ?	11	Definite
I think the title was Unfinished Business .	2	Definite
He graduated and obtained an M.A. on 21 April 1882 .	4	Indefinite
We were expecting a great experience , when we recieved a friendly greeting by the hosts .	10	Indefinite
It is forty-eight meters high and there are seven floors , each accessible by a difficult spiral staircase .	14	Indefinite
The papers found at headquarters of the Mukhabarat , Iraq 's secret police , show that an entourage from Al Qaeda group was sent to the Iraqi capital in March 1998 from Sudan .	0	Definite
Indeed , the implementation of certain policies is rooted in the assumption that discrimination and biases are , at least to some appreciable amount , present in modern society .	10	Definite
The Mate 9 phones lack an artificial intelligence interface , like the Google Assistant or Apple 's Siri .	11	Definite
-- Due to the lack of response yesterday , I 'm beginning to worry about your success with the road test ...	3	Definite
Simmer the quinoa for about 15 minutes or until the grain becomes translucent and the white germ forms a visible spiral on the exterior of the quinoa grain .	14	Definite
The Rules of Procedure as adapted shall require the consent of the Council .	8	Definite
Allow the creators and others in the United Kingdom to have a fair debate about whether we should have a blank tape levy .	1	Definite
As Pakistan 's president had been telling the United States he was " forced " into taking a hawkish line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman , this was an embarrassment .	24	Definite
After its progress had stalled in the Billboard 200 at No. 96 , Thought 'Ya Knew climbed to No. 31 in the UK , but the album charted for only two weeks in the UK .	21	Definite
At that time , one in three visits to the site came from BBC News , and the website increased to number 3 in the company Hitwise UK 's Lifestyle-Religion category .	9	Definite
Its maximum low - altitude speed is Mach 2.2 , some three times faster than the American - made Harpoon .	15	Definite
And MEK -- the Iranian ( not Iraqi ) terror group in question -- is itself unquestionably a cult :	3	Definite
You want them to get bushy , so pinch from the top .	10	Definite
To truly make a glowstick without breaking an already-made glowstick and shoving its contents into a tube ( also known as cheating ) , you 've gotta let your inner scientist out ( along with a few dollars ) .	15	Indefinite
They wandered here and there with their absurd long staves in their hands , like a lot of faithless pilgrims bewitched inside a rotten fence .	22	Indefinite
In the New Territories East geographical constituency , pan-democracy camp councillors Alvin Yeung from the Civic Party , Fernando Cheung of the Labour Party , Raymond Chan of People Power , and Leung Kwok-hung of LSD were successfully elected .	21	Definite
This is important , but so is enforcement and there are , of course , a number of reasons why we need to pay particular attention to this .	15	Indefinite
It is a setback for the war on terror .	2	Indefinite
<< He could do little during the day , for Murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite Lucas , or Lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness .	6	Definite
A helicopter snored over the celebrations , drowning the exchange of greetings when Bray was introduced to someone in the street , expunging conversation in bars and even speeches .	4	Definite
He could forget about the case , get back to his routine , write another book .	4	Definite
The Treaty of London , signed on 30 May 1913 , partitioned significant part of territory claimed by Albania , regardless its ethnic composition , between the Balkan allies reducing the territory of Albania to its central regions .	0	Definite
There 's a new EOL Counterparty listed in the UK .	2	Indefinite
I concur that Ba'athists and former security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out of 18 governorates , along with the capital , if Americans are to be removed from the picture entirely .	23	Definite
Even if you mash it with a spoon he ca n't do that ,	6	Indefinite
If you 're signed up for a class , check with your instructor to find out if there is a dress code at the school .	23	Definite
one was strong and healthy , while the other was emaciated , shackled , carrying the baggage of disease , and confronting the massive barrier of malnutrition .	15	Definite
The # 1 Newsgroup Service in the World !	6	Definite
The Alps provide lowland Europe with drinking water , irrigation , and hydroelectric power .	0	Definite
Romeo and Juliet , the famous romantic tragedy of sexually charged adolescence , love , and death ;	4	Definite
And you might think by reading this I blame the kids .....	9	Definite
and I was going to take charge of a two-penny-halfpenny river-steamboat with a penny whistle attached !	12	Indefinite
I feel that the way some doctor s offices work around here is a little bit absurd so I 'm happy that these guys do n't do those two things in particlular .	13	Indefinite
He was promoted to chairman in October 2015 , the month after the scandal was unearthed .	9	Definite
It remains to be seen whether they will extend the same courtesy to the arriving gray wolf .	13	Definite
The Nellie , a cruising yawl , swung to her anchor without a flutter of the sails , and was at rest .	12	Indefinite
Seekers try to tackle the snitch ( a person ) or obtain an object attached to the snitch such as a sock or flag .	20	Indefinite
This article , and specifically this piece , effected me enough to try to build a song around the topic .	15	Indefinite
The rapporteur is asking for a threshold of 50 to 30 ppm , which would also involve excessive cost without appreciable benefit .	0	Definite
the introduction of flexibility in the number of applications by each Member State and consequent coordination ;	5	Definite
Now the Electoral Commission is refusing to punish people for mere past Baath Party membership .	1	Definite
I would appreciate the opportunity to visit with you on the 14th .	3	Definite
A different layout lets you calculate and compare summarized values for different elements in your data , or display summaries for a subset of the data .	0	Indefinite
My daughter and I stayed here again from the 7th to the 14th of December .	11	Definite
In the early 17 th century , Shakespeare wrote the so-called " problem plays " Measure for Measure , Troilus and Cressida , and All 's Well That Ends Well and a number of his best known tragedies .	31	Indefinite
I bought about half of the furniture I own from this place .	5	Definite
Despite the name , this entity appears to be a MTM company .	9	Indefinite
Amusing , since he 's a writer and a thoughtful man , anything but a tout .	14	Indefinite
A telltale of this meteoritic material will likely be high levels of the element iridium .	12	Definite
I have to scrub the floor 2 - 3 times a week now .	4	Definite
Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization ?	9	Definite
Kermit Roosevelt of the CIA " met a number of officers who were involved in the conspiracy which led to the coup-d'etat of 22 July , 1952 . "	7	Indefinite
He was one of the first six international scholars to be elected as honorary members of the Linguistic Society of America .	4	Definite
Now , of course , there 's a new building , with presumably better facilities .	7	Indefinite
The latter usually consider human beings a threat but the polar bear considers humans a snack , experts said .	14	Indefinite
The application of the Constitution and acts adopted by the institutions shall , as a transitional measure , be subject to the derogations provided for in this Protocol .	9	Definite
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company ' Moore Noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics .	30	Indefinite
The attack was launched on Wednesday by a user labelled " Anonymous " , on the website " Insurgency Wiki " , a spinoff of 4chan .	7	Indefinite
I am taking my wife out for our first year wedding anniversary and we both agree that we want a good steak .	19	Indefinite
I think 2012 is going to be a great year for Fujairah as we have A LOT of projects to be done by 2012 .	7	Indefinite
One of the examples of research applied under safety measures has also produced a humanoid robot to compete with Valentino Rossi .	2	Definite
His small nose showed unexpectedly beaky now that the skin had sunk on either side .	8	Definite
A level that in both cases is at the top of the EU .	11	Definite
Fred climbed back into the car to pull with Ron , and Harry and George pushed from the bedroom side .	17	Definite
It 's principle except a number of cases , for example , the babies are orphans or not to have father .	12	Definite
It 's a really huge place over there , and so many visitors / foreigners went to put chains and locks over there !	2	Indefinite
A violent babble of uncouth sounds burst out on the other side of the planks .	13	Definite
If you plot multiple charts , you will see a drop area for multi-chart fields .	9	Indefinite
We are a consortium of legit honorable guilds that was established in 1997 for DI and we are now adding GW to the list of games played .	2	Indefinite
From 1960 to 2010 , the share of adults with a secondary education soared from 20 % to an impressive 87 % .	5	Definite
Electricity : A panel focuses on price hikes and the actions of the ISO president .	9	Definite
Since Enron 's employees are assigned an SAP identification numbers ( P number ) and an HR number , could Enron as a company use these IDs instead of the SS numbers ?	6	Indefinite
The Marshall Plan did not include the Soviet bloc , thereby reinforcing the Cold War division of Europe .	6	Definite
On most days he spent at least several hours in Riverside Park , walking methodically along the macadam footpaths or else thrashing through the bushes with a stick .	23	Definite
When you open an Access file , if Access does n't find a referenced file in the specified location , it searches for the reference as follows .	3	Indefinite
Baie-Mahault : the industrial and commercial zone of Guadeloupe , nothing special to do or see .	2	Definite
Jack Dempseys are not an easy cichlid to breed .	4	Indefinite
I spent $ 2300 on the bedroom suite , which was complete and excellent condition on the showroom floor .	16	Definite
Across the way , occupying the greater part of the station 's east wall , was the Kodak display photograph , with its bright unearthly colors .	16	Definite
Using a field in the Filter axis	4	Definite
If you need more , there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts ( we heard about it in Amsterdam ) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets .	7	Indefinite
The last I checked , the Satanists have a long way to go to catch up with the death and destruction dealt out by self - proclaimed ( though false ) Christians .	0	Definite
Then , from the darkness , he began to hear a voice , a chanting , idiotic voice that sang the same sentence over and over again : You ca n't make an omelette without breaking eggs .	13	Indefinite
He found himself sitting on a sofa , alone in the living room .	10	Definite
I am pleased to confirm that the Commission has received the report to which the honourable Member refers .	6	Definite
It 's fantastic that they got the Paris Agreement but their contributions at the moment are nowhere near the 1.5 - degree target .	13	Definite
I did n't feel guilty about the garage sale , that 's why I was annoyed - being notified at 10:00 at night GRRRRRRR .	6	Definite
It was a very trying time for my family and myself yet Mike took the time to greet each and every one one of us .	2	Indefinite
If possible I try the services on myself before I bring in my son .	4	Definite
Some places do the registration right at the hospital .... in some smaller places , you need to register your child 's birth at the town hall / registrar 's office .	24	Definite
i m pretty sure that they do see things on the tv screen because my cat chases things around the tv screen	19	Definite
If Access does n't find a RefLibPaths key , it searches for the referenced file in the locations listed below in the following order :	21	Definite
The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend , facing off teams of video gamers in a packed hall .	7	Definite
You need a lot of money for hotels , airfare , seeing the sites , food , local transport - you name it but life costs .	2	Indefinite
This command displays the Import dialog box so that you can select an XML document as well as a schema , which describes the structure of the data .	3	Definite
the food is mediocre at best .	0	Definite
I asked for a fried egg on my enchiladas ... and did not get it .!	3	Indefinite
Some of the corporate also get cheap air tickets because they tie up with some of the airlines for a certain period based on the discount and services they get from the airlines .	16	Definite
I said I would buy you a racing broom , said his father , drumming his fingers on the counter .	6	Indefinite
Dr. Aster is very kind an gentle with the children , but also positive and to the point with the parents .	8	Definite
The purpose of the letter bombs -- which resulted in minimal casualty -- was to send a message .	0	Definite
<< There were no Jews in England to speak of in the 1590's .	11	Definite
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines ( physical and financial ) for the London traders .	16	Definite
The owners were entertaining and gracious .	0	Definite
In one amendment , there is a call for the inclusion of pure and simple renewal of vineyards in the restructuring measures .	19	Definite
If some records in one of the fields you used in the expression might have a Null value , you can convert the Null value to zero using the Nz function as shown in the following example :	28	Definite
Quinn picked up the phone and was about to dial when he thought better of it .	3	Definite
As such , the Game of Thrones storyworld represents a remarkably rich and challenging environment for fans old and new , who must negotiate an increasingly complex network of paratexts and intertexts in order to fully engage with its narratives .	24	Indefinite
P.S. Tom , Please , contact Vernon and get the details .	9	Definite
Now get 6 U.S. $ 1.00 bills and place ONE inside of EACH of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope ( to prevent thievery ) .	20	Definite
The US State Department said John Kerry , the Secretary of State , contacted Thailand 's foreign minister over temporary housing for the Rohingya out at sea .	8	Definite
From behind that structure came out an impression of pale plumpness in a frock-coat . The great man himself .	15	Definite
let him out for half an hour , to explore .	5	Indefinite
2 . We really liked the fact that Stuart sets defined objectives and we meet once a month to go over our Key Performance Indicators .	16	Indefinite
Upon the same day he conquered Darius , won a great victory at sea , & died the same day .	17	Definite
But you still have n't explained why a man like Don Quixote would disrupt his tranquil life to engage in such an elaborate hoax .	7	Indefinite
Everyone was gathering round for servings from the roast sheep , and the fair stocky man from the airport signalled a greeting with a piece of meat in his fingers .	12	Definite
" They are not going to rush it , because they do n't want it to be a budget buster .	17	Indefinite
The mere wealth I leave to others .	0	Definite
They have a land area larger than either the US or all of Europe .	8	Definite
The Nellie , a cruising yawl , swung to her anchor without a flutter of the sails , and was at rest .	15	Definite
If part of the public supports it , others tolerate it , many are afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood , organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism .	3	Definite
There should be a Pixel Mapping function in the menu that will get rid of them , most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels , some only show up on long exposures .	3	Indefinite
One third of of the way through the cycle , shake all bottles vigorously .	4	Definite
The Chatnam Islands ( Rekohu in the indigenous Moriori language ) are the eastern-most settled islands in New Zealand .	6	Definite
All he could tell was that he was standing in the stone fireplace of what looked like a large , dimly lit wizard 's shop – but nothing in here was ever likely to be on a Hogwarts school list .	10	Definite
Tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between India and Sri Lanka would encourage Sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process	22	Definite
The study in question focuses on the attention , proposing and evaluation in the context of the classroom .	6	Definite
" Would n't it be the most horrible of ironies if the Jews had collected themselves conveniently in one country for a second Holocaust ? "	5	Definite
Okay our room was at times noisy but we were in a mega busy city at an extremely busy time of year .	16	Indefinite
With Bush , the aggressive militarism of the Bush administration , as predicted , induced Russia to extend further its offensive military capacity ; it ’s still going on right now .	3	Definite
In the midst of a foreign - capital bonanza , stagnant levels of private investment in tradable goods are a particularly powerful danger signal that no amount of government mythmaking should be allowed to override .	19	Indefinite
Is there a future for our nation 's youth ?	2	Indefinite
He will be in Calgary in a couple of weeks and will interview you then .	6	Indefinite
Below I pasted the email text , and it has a link to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created .	23	Definite
Earlier , Kerry said , “ Just because you get an honorable discharge does not , in fact , answer that question . ”	10	Indefinite
Cheer the team today ; ( your boys in orange and blue ) Let them hear you shout as they fight for what 's mightily due	1	Definite
A bar did not appeal to him tonight – eating in the dark , the press of boozy chatter – although normally he would have welcomed it .	14	Definite
The village soil and water are now too heavily contaminated to safely occupy human life , so the plant was shut down last week .	17	Definite
40 - Percentage of wealth in the United States held by the richest 1 per cent of the population .	11	Definite
After the war , L'Enfant designed the badge of the Society of the Cincinnati , an organization of former officers of the Continental Army , shaped as an eagle , at the request of Washington .	6	Definite
The Ukrainian crisis may prove helpful , though that appears less likely now – which may be a good thing to the extent that one unintended consequence could be a loan to Ukraine that is larger than it really needs .	0	Definite
We are currently moving to a new server , so we will be down for a while .	5	Indefinite
In the fuss to find somewhere to sit he saw the light of the fire under the spit running along the shiny planes of the woman 's face as it did on glasses and the movement of knives and forks .	13	Definite
They had been drinking at a pub called the Midnight - the centre of the heavy metal scene in Milan - and they never came home .	14	Definite
The down side was that sometimes there was a lot of noise in the hallway from other patients / doctors .	0	Definite
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one .	13	Definite
I am forwarding for your attention the resume of Peter Percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems .	13	Indefinite
However General Barno insists the US presence poses no threat to Iran .	4	Definite
by 1776 he had become Secretary to the King 's Council and a Freemason .	7	Definite
For example , you can select from the Promotions row field all the promotions that run for a specific period and create a group .	12	Definite
In his mind , he caught a glimpse of the blue map on the wall and the sunlight pouring through the window , so like the sunlight that surrounded him now .	6	Indefinite
So , I believe the invention of the computer Internet is an inevitable consequence of a previously proven , biologically successful model .	4	Definite
The little creature on the bed had large , bat-like ears and bulging green eyes the size of tennis balls .	0	Definite
Hedwig had woken up with a particularly loud screech and was beating her wings wildly against the bars of her cage .	16	Definite
Inequality can corrupt and paralyze a country 's political system – and economic growth along with it .	5	Indefinite
Giving a hand up to the advantaged	1	Indefinite
Mr President , I support the main proposals of the report concerning the administration of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund for the period 2000 - 2006 and the main recommendations of the report which include the following :	19	Definite
Hopefully , the stands Parliament has taken will help , however , in the mid - term appraisal of the programmes and in their practical implementation .	2	Definite
A caravan had come in .	0	Indefinite
Water the mature basil plants once a day , in the morning , so the water has time to soak in and evaporate rather than sitting on the plants overnight .	1	Definite
Sending the family servant to stop Harry from going back to Hogwarts also sounded exactly like the sort of thing Malfoy would do .	16	Definite
The will is another matter .	0	Definite
With the sun shinning down on the spray , creating a rainbow in the foreground , this is the perfect place to get that trademark Iguazu Falls photograph .	1	Definite
A large group of my friends and I rent almost the whole motel every year for a weekend , and the experience and stay have always been five - star .	20	Definite
The amendment to the Directive is consequently in full accordance with the principle of subsidiarity ;	11	Definite
The actors in Shakespeare 's company included the famous Richard Burbage , William Kempe , Henry Condell and John Heminges .	0	Definite
Would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller meeting in October when we should have worldwide buy - in and commitment to these standards and ( hopefully ) our first draft of a meaningful exception report ?	35	Indefinite
I recently traveled to Canada on business and had a most excellent experience .	9	Indefinite
UK : Applying for the visa is a very simple process and can be done by post or in person at the Cuban embassy in London .	7	Indefinite
Each task is then assigned an exact amount of time to complete .	5	Indefinite
Asking for help with a work or school-related problem is almost always a good bet , as is asking a question about something striking about the person .	25	Definite
In line also with the recommendation of the evaluator of Pericles , it is appropriate to extend the Pericles programme , based on the need to :	4	Definite
How much is a big mac in your country ?	3	Indefinite
Auster opened the door wider and gestured for Quinn to enter the apartment .	11	Definite
I will be looking for one or more of the following .	9	Definite
Everyone has the right to an effective remedy by the competent national tribunals for acts violating the fundamental rights granted him by the constitution or by law .	5	Indefinite
Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stops	25	Indefinite
If an egg turns blue , it had died and then became dyed as the outer membrane broke down .	1	Indefinite
Congress has proven itself ineffective as a body .	6	Indefinite
Sometime before 1623 , a funerary monument was erected in his memory on the north wall , with a half - effigy of him in the act of writing .	18	Indefinite
After all , in a world of solid farmers , useful craftsmen , dissolute aristocrats , and flunkies , demand for manufactured items and flunkies was limited by how much of each aristocrats could use .	4	Indefinite
With a roar , the fire turned emerald green and rose higher than Fred , who stepped right into it , shouted , Diagon Alley ! and vanished .	4	Definite
He was an unshaven little man in a threadbare coat like a gaberdine , with his feet in slippers , and I thought him a harmless fool .	2	Indefinite
Improving the energy efficiency of products contributes to the security of the energy supply , which is a precondition of sound economic activity and therefore of sustainable development .	11	Definite
Many tens of thousands of acres were planted in citrus and cotton and other crops , and for many years , intensive , year-round irrigated agriculture formed the basis of the economy .	30	Definite
out of carnival , royal caribbean , and norweigan ( cruises ) which is the best and why ?	14	Definite
<< Upon the sixth of April , Alexander the Great was born .	8	Definite
When you design a Web page using Microsoft Office Web Components , any user with a Microsoft Office 2002 license can interact with the components in the browser to the level of interactivity you provide .	15	Indefinite
The BBC is not responsible for the content of this e-mail , and anything written in this e-mail does not necessarily reflect the BBC 's views or opinions .	22	Definite
Different ... one was in the jungle , the other is in the high mountain deserts .	12	Definite
Also , if you remove a field and later add the field back to the layout , the same items are again hidden .	5	Indefinite
Expect lots of surprises and lucky breaks this year , with Uranus bringing the unexpected in your career , your love life , and the world in general .	13	Definite
In the early 2000s , there were five doctors per 100,000 inhabitants .	1	Definite
* Offers a 7.5 cent / dth rate to large customers while minimizing rate changes to other customers , minimizing the incentive for these customers to seek to bypass local transmission charges and other CPUC - approved charges . *	20	Definite
We inherit our mode of appreciation from the Victorians , from a time of safety and leisure , when dinner guests knew better than to smoke after the main course , when Levantines were Levantines and culture was still culture .	11	Indefinite
The actual word " MAD " has to be on the cover and incorporated into the image .	15	Definite
Once a white man in an unbuttoned uniform , camping on the path with an armed escort of lank Zanzibaris , very hospitable and festive – not to say drunk .	5	Indefinite
What we are trying to do is solicit votes for the band , in order to put them in first place .	10	Definite
The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .	12	Definite
What you see in New Orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system , a form of socialism that many in this country know is the true problem .	14	Definite
The media has tended to overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word " domestic " the word includes a US - based , highly - educated supporter of the militant islamists .	10	Definite
Instead he pulled the military off , stopped the bombing of North Vietnam , withdrew from the presidential race , and spent the rest of his term in office trying to surrender to North Vietnam .	22	Definite
Due to the Judge in the 1983 case ruling that a CIA agent could not testify using a pseudonym , therefore opening him to cross-examination by Wilson , the prosecution had a problem .	28	Definite
they passed the shadows of the mango trees in the bright moonlight lying beneath the trees like sleeping beasts ;	2	Definite
I came to find out the person was the hotel OWNER also .	5	Definite
April is the most ideal month .	2	Definite
Arafat 's death creates a vacuum in Palestinian leadership that will not soon be filled .	4	Indefinite
Hiller asked , inquiring about Gen. Pervaiz Musharraf , who seized control of the country October 12 .	13	Definite
the circularisation of Barclays intercompany account and comparison to our cut off and substantiation analysis	0	Definite
Cook the quinoa in the oven for roughly 20 minutes , or until most of the liquid is gone .	4	Definite
Want to bring it to the White House ?	5	Definite
It was then that he had taken on the name of William Wilson .	8	Definite
Second , we attracted millions of readers via the virtuous circle of wiki editing : We had some articles of mixed quality , and editors joined to improve those articles , which in turn attracted more readers .	8	Definite
So I will mainly talk about how to use a representation theory to solve all kind of problems and conjectures in asymptotic groups theory .	9	Indefinite
There is an emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to AMI , the publisher of the National Enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to Jennifer Lopez enclosing a Star of David and proposing marriage .	2	Indefinite
This campaign season , there have been questions about whether George W. Bush fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s .	21	Indefinite
The municipality of Jerusalem is planning to build a new road and will tear the Jordanian one up .	14	Definite
Archibald says Mr. Bush would come into the office and , in a friendly way , offer up stories about the drinking he 'd done the night before , kind of as a conversation starter .	20	Definite
Bands , food , and prizes are sponsored by Beyond Control , who will be competing in the Band of the Year Contest at the River Front Festival in Cuyahoga Falls on July 1 .	17	Definite
He went looking for his brother , George Whitman , after he a telegram telling him his brother was injured in the South .	12	Indefinite
Therefore , he can not be the author .	6	Definite
We go through a number of drafts and then have the editors pick it up and assign the photojournalism aspect of it to our graphic design team , who adds the visual aspect to it .	17	Definite
I did n't end up buying my car here , but I did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me .	14	Definite
which burger chain do you think is as good as in n out or better in the chicago area besides five guys and smashburger ?	16	Definite
You can export just the schema ( data structure ) of a table , query , datasheet , form , or report to an XML schema file .	4	Definite
Iraq , however , remains a possible source of the Ames .	9	Definite
They are certainly being nasty to the United Nations Security Council in connection with the anti-proliferation treaty .	14	Definite
The lime green Skittles add a sourness to the drink , so if you want one that 's sweet , leave the green ones out and add them to their own bottle for a sour lime vodka .	5	Indefinite
You will be able to have a good time there .	6	Indefinite
Unemployent stays low because half the population oversees those " out of the workforce " , the dregs , the rabble , the enemy ?	16	Definite
He had even imagined the conversation that would follow : he , suavely diffident as the stranger praised the book , and then , with great reluctance and modesty , agreeing to autograph the title page , since you insist .	15	Definite
Why not wait for him in a sexy dress with lunch or dinner , or a light snack at his house .	6	Indefinite
Harry looked quickly around and spotted a large black cabinet to his left ; he shot inside it and pulled the doors to leaving a small crack to peer through .	6	Indefinite
Take a sieve , line it with a piece of cheesecloth ( muslin ) or a coffee filter , place above a large jug and pour the vodka through slowly .	26	Definite
The Mate 9 phones lack an artificial intelligence interface , like the Google Assistant or Apple 's Siri .	5	Indefinite
The result was to swing a deeply divided society from the verge of civil war to an unprecedented sense of unity .	16	Indefinite
That share has been rising steadily over the years — only 11 percent of the total vote was cast before Election Day in 1996 , according to the Census Bureau -- and seems likely to jump again this year .	27	Definite
I 've had a lot of cats who refused to eat the canned food .	11	Definite
However it is perhaps relevant that the bubonic plague raged in London throughout 1609 .	6	Definite
1 . Is a tank mate ( such as another female killie or a Cory or large snails ) rating the eggs ?	13	Indefinite
Shrugging , he gives up and I turn to the twice disagreeable chicken and eat guiltily , my appetite spoiled .	9	Definite
Lights are optinal since fish need the light turn off at night anyways and an air pump is not nessasary since they get air from the surface .	14	Indefinite
Although there is nothing illegal about the generators acting together to lobby against price caps , Dunn believes the letters and other actions around the same time showed clear coordination among energy officials .	24	Definite
Avai'o'vuna Swamp is a small coastal wetland on the island .	3	Indefinite
The cargo on the voyage from which he has just returned was Dead Sea potash .	0	Definite
" You are a Jew .	3	Indefinite
But if -- there 's a painting on the wall in the Oval Office that shows a horseman charging up a steep cliff , and there are at least two other horsemen following .	11	Definite
It is next to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to Sacre Coeur which is excellent for shopping .	8	Indefinite
He studied art at the Royal Academy in the Louvre , as well as with his father at the Royal Academy of Painting and Sculpture .	18	Definite
Here 's a Miami Herald interview with the relaxed terrorist and former CIA operative in a luxury condo , published yesterday .	15	Indefinite
Buried 100 meters ( 328 feet ) underground , the Pyongyang Metro is one of the deepest commuter systems in the world .	9	Definite
The M300 series are the lightest and the E500's are the all in one but much heavier .	10	Definite
Multiple fields in a chart	3	Indefinite
Prices listed , however , are usually based on two people in a cabin , and you will likely face some high " single supplement " costs in addition .	12	Indefinite
Among Thais , there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai should be given .	14	Definite
The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter , the president of the Independent System Operator , acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .	4	Definite
The 2.6 -% margin of fluctuation is nothing new ; it already exists within the present system and is already being applied .	0	Definite
Rent a car and spend a couple days outside of Dublin seeing the countryside and you will have the trip of a lifetime .	18	Definite
A significantly higher cost which clearly exceeds the average of the countries that adopt the single currency , which is equal to 1,365 euros per litre .	0	Indefinite
Unless you want to take the " tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she 's obviously not loving " approach which will likely get you ... uh ... nowhere .	20	Indefinite
You know I am not used to such ceremonies , and there was something ominous in the atmosphere .	16	Definite
As a shortcut , and for a bit of interesting background , add connotation to various letters , preferably vowels .	6	Indefinite
Unlike major cities in the Northeast , the city bus is not a major form of transportation in the city .	4	Definite
Implications of using the Save As command	3	Definite
An embarrassment to the US still , just not as embarrassing as having the old killer strut about Miami , gloating in his freedom .	0	Indefinite
An autofilter is always applied before a conditional filter , regardless of the order in which you applied them .	12	Definite
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Friday 17 December 1999 , and I would like once again to wish you a happy new year in the hope that you enjoyed a pleasant festive period .	35	Indefinite
He stood at the sink , drinking cold water and looking at the avocado pear pip growing suspended by three matchsticks in the neck of a pickle jar of water on the sill .	3	Definite
He pointed excitedly at the tenpound notes in Mr Granger 's hand .	4	Definite
1 The RecordsetDef object , which contains one or more record sources	1	Definite
We are now suffering from the consequences of our rape of the environment , our rejection of the natural for the industrial , and our embrace of violence over peace .	11	Definite
The British Airways chicken with the chill of death upon it lies before me .	0	Definite
If you Do n't want to grow out of it quickly get a 14 ' 2 ..	12	Indefinite
If ever in Sicily please take the time to visit Anna Maria Jose Mudo and her familia .	6	Definite
The " trillion spore " issue was at the heart of a lot of mistaken theories of the matter concluding that state sponsorship was necessarily indicated .	17	Definite
Draco turned away and saw the cabinet right in front of him .	5	Definite
Start up your filter ( sponge filters are the best for bettas ) and put in a heater and set it to anywhere between 78 - 82 .	8	Definite
they seemed more interested in helping me find the right car rather then just make a sale .	8	Definite
The Khitans had made several aggressive negotiations of pushing their borders south , while manipulating several incompetent Chinese ambassadors who conceded to the Liao Kingdom 's demands .	22	Definite
Dates prior to 01-Jul-1999 are grouped into a single group titled 01-Jul-1999 .	7	Indefinite
In fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .	19	Indefinite
Another thing non-locals do n't often realize is that Cleveland 's long history of industrial wealth has left it chock full of cultural riches as well as the beginnings of a " sustainable city ' movement .	27	Definite
The question posed by this research is , fundamentally , an examination of how the problem of “ access ” is framed in postdigital society from the perspective of the consumer .	29	Definite
Other methods , such as the method adopted in 2005 , makes the snitch a tennis ball in a sock , hanging out of the running shorts of the snitch runner .	24	Definite
A tall Puerto Rican man in a white cardboard chef 's hat stood behind the counter .	0	Indefinite
I ve paid 500 for a double room there and it was fine and clean .	5	Indefinite
The agreement was that Gorbachev agreed to a quite remarkable concession : he agreed to let a united Germany join the NATO military alliance .	7	Indefinite
Zócalo or Main Plaza , with the Cathedral in the distance	6	Definite
He has also had to pay the £ 15 each up front so woul d be grateful if you could get the cash to him as soon as poss ible .	21	Definite
The point is -- FHS gives you the opportunity to make it to a good college , but you need to work hard .	7	Definite
The U of R is also recommended , too !	0	Definite
Now truck fenders are rusting there , the twentieth century adding its crumbling metal to the great Jerusalem dust mixture .	7	Definite
The menu had plenty of options even for picky eaters .	0	Definite
You can also save tables , views , stored procedures , functions , and forms in a Microsoft Access project as a data access page .	16	Indefinite
My purpose was to stroll into the shade for a moment ; but no sooner within than it seemed to me I had stepped into a gloomy circle of some Inferno .	9	Indefinite
Bramen Honda was a bit of a hassle .	6	Indefinite
We were looking for a company with decent rates as our company was just getting started .	4	Indefinite
I 'm currently 12 and I get about 20 dollars a week for lunch , sometimes a bit more , I plan to save 10 dollars every week :)	10	Indefinite
unable to attend at that time due to a prior appointment , I can meet with you individually later some time	8	Indefinite
As the southeast asians and philipinos came over , they added to the cultures .	12	Definite
My perspective is entirely based on what I see , on what I read and on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years .	16	Definite
I really enjoyed meeting her and happy to learn she comes from Oklahoma and has the values of a solid no bs country girl .	15	Definite
Some places do the registration right at the hospital .... in some smaller places , you need to register your child 's birth at the town hall / registrar 's office .	3	Definite
You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .	24	Definite
The people working their are also extremely polite and friendly .	0	Definite
Mr President , there has been considerable progress made with regard to the internal market for medicinal products .	12	Definite
when the door opens , he will get that the one room is hers , and he will be OK with that .	9	Definite
What are some cool ideas for making a postor usint the word MAD on a white paper in a weird or artsy way ?	7	Indefinite
As part of New Zealand , there are no passport or visa requirements and no border controls on arrival from the mainland .	20	Definite
I will be on a plane to Houston at 8:00 a.m .	4	Indefinite
The world may be enraging and absurd – yet at least someone has the self - respect to keep protesting against that fact .	0	Definite
In September 1944 , a fleet of Japanese ships hiding in the harbor were sunk in a daring raid by the US navy .	11	Definite
I suspect the streets of Baghdad will look as if a war is looming this week .	10	Indefinite
Half the tables and bar were empty by this point .	1	Definite
$ 80,000 - Amount an Iraqi firm spent ( using Saddam 's confiscated funds ) to build the same factory , after delays prevented the American firm from starting it .	4	Indefinite
Paul Dewar , an Ottawa New Democrat MP , said the combined security lapses raise serious questions about the government 's ability to secure sensitive documents .	3	Indefinite
However , after giving a required $ 500.00 ( NON REFUNDABLE ) deposit before seeing any plans or ideas , I was sorry I did .	4	Indefinite
Whether they pay me or not , if their parents get into an accident , stuck in traffic , etc. THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WAS N'T PAID .	20	Definite
There was an air of plotting about that station , but nothing came of it , of course .	2	Indefinite
Greece , Italy , France , Spain and Austria , have understood that something has to be done and now have a presence in Albania .	21	Indefinite
Frank Rack got in touch after they returned from Antarctica in hopes that I could help with an identification on the anemone .	20	Definite
The Schlei and the wetlands between the Danevirke and Husum had frozen solid in a hard winter , and the territory immediately south of the Danevirke had been conquered by the advancing German army .	14	Indefinite
Only a fool would base a decision using the cheapest surgeon to perform an operation .	13	Indefinite
They moved off with their plates of food , and Wentz said to a woman settled in one of the canvas chairs , Margot , here is Colonel Bray .	13	Indefinite
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	17	Indefinite
On the other side of the flag there was a chart of the manual alphabet – LEARN TO SPEAK TO YOUR FRIENDS – that showed the hand positions for each of the twenty-six letters .	31	Definite
I came to find out the person was the hotel OWNER also .	8	Definite
It 's just up the highway and right around the corner ....	9	Definite
Russia announced a suspension of the contract at the beginning of October .	8	Definite
The Hydor SlimSkim Nano is a good nano protein skimmer , it 's an in - tank design that could easily sit in your sump .	5	Indefinite
They promise them the delights , mostly sexual , of the next world , and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead .	3	Definite
It was a cubist piece from the 1920s and I believe you called the technique a " push wa " ( pronunciation Vs an attempt at the proper spelling ) .	23	Indefinite
So I kept reading and then I saw the dates , it was from mid day Friday and arriving home mid day monday . :(	8	Definite
The layout of a PivotTable view does not have to include all of the fields that are available from the underlying record source .	0	Definite
If the negotiations stall , it seems like I need to go ahead and cut off the utilities .	16	Definite
European-American settlement of the area commenced in the 1860s , and in 1911 the completion of the first of several large reservoirs in the mountains north and east of Phoenix insured its success as a center for irrigation-based agriculture .	16	Definite
The feeling of being swept along and of uncertainty as regards the future prevents you from seeing things in any perspective whatsoever .	0	Definite
Likewise , our GDP metric does not reflect the cost of the increased insecurity individuals may feel with the increased risk of a loss of a job .	25	Indefinite
Have a great weekend .	1	Indefinite
The following illustration shows a PivotTable list on the Orders data access page .	4	Indefinite
" " Balzac 's characters " , Robb notes , " were as real to him as if he were observing them in the outside world .	23	Definite
I called the " 207 " number and listened to the same recording loop 3 times before I gave up .	10	Definite
The pizza is usually pretty good , the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more , but it was still good .	15	Indefinite
You will also face the ire of most people there .	4	Definite
It came at the end of his speeches like a seal applied on the words to make the meaning of the commonest phrase appear absolutely inscrutable .	20	Definite
Recommend you call in for a look .	5	Indefinite
By the time of Romeo and Juliet , Richard II , and A Midsummer Night 's Dream in the Mid-1590s , Shakespeare had begun to write a more natural poetry .	12	Indefinite
The photo clearly shows the narrow touch display bar above the keyboard that has been anticipated in rumors .	10	Definite
Later they kept the same name for the company .	3	Definite
The following illustration shows the Orders page with two group levels .	4	Definite
Response : The US has succeeded in politically isolating Hamas , and started the process of cutting off its funding .	2	Definite
The queue for the lavatory moved along a notch , he glanced up and the man , carrying a flowered sponge-bag , caught his eye with a tired vacant stare that changed to an expression of greeting .	0	Definite
You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .	3	Definite
They already have rights to take it , alter it , and release those changes to the world - this is what the whole open source thing is about .	22	Definite
Surprisingly , this little strip mall restaurant has the best sushi I 've found in the Tampa area .	15	Definite
In 1821 Balzac met the enterprising Auguste Lepoitevin , who convinced the author to write short stories , which Lepoitevin would then sell to publishers .	11	Definite
The impact of factors like poverty , maternal literacy , sanitation , and housing conditions on children 's health – and , in turn , on social and economic outcomes – is well documented .	0	Definite
The only way to fight this new " popular " weapon is identical to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas : the offensive way .	14	Definite
In the bathroom , with the water running in the sink , he decided to shave as well .	1	Definite
( For the technical details , I recommend a recent paper by Edwin M. Truman , my colleague at the Peterson Institute for International Economics . )	19	Definite
If you 're really ambitious , set a goal of helping others become fluent in the language .	15	Definite
Yes . That ought to do the affair .	6	Definite
When you have a malignant tumor , you may remove the tumor itself surgically .	10	Definite
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page , we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers .	27	Indefinite
I prefer Advanced auto parts over this crappy place with the meanest people .	10	Definite
Whatever be the age , you will have the choice of variety of activities to forget about your hectic day - to - day activities .	8	Definite
Start near the chicken 's beak and draw the line slowly outward , in front of its head .	8	Definite
The contaminants not only attack the undeveloped lungs of the little ones ; they can also lead to long - term impairment in the development of the adolescent brain .	9	Definite
But now I had to get ready to go with him to the lion fountain , where most of the others were gathered .	12	Definite
Had a meal in this pub and i have to say it was excellant .	1	Indefinite
But realizing this potential requires improving the business climate across the economy as a whole and within individual sectors – particularly by addressing the endemic corruption and weak rule of law that are deterring foreign and domestic investors alike .	6	Definite
He took a deep breath , scattered the powder into the flames and stepped forward ; the fire felt like a warm breeze ; he opened his mouth and immediately swallowed a lot of hot ash .	31	Indefinite
We got there , and we were treated to the free " upgrade " of a room with two double beds .	9	Definite
Nina Chahine , 19 , who with her family was among the named plaintiffs in the lawsuit , said her wedding in the southern city of Tyre was set for July 13 .	22	Definite
> From the shameful history of slavery in America , the injustice of forbidding people to marry is evident as a denial of a basic human right .	20	Indefinite
The person who best explains this , and helps me out the best with my question will be REWARDED WITH TEN POINTS !!!!!!!	11	Definite
The other is a new fuel tank " guaranteed " by NASA not to shed potentially fatal hunks of insulation .	0	Definite
They bake bread fresh daily , they do n't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it , and the meat is always fresh .	14	Definite
As that famous Scotsman Billy Connolly says " there is no such thing as bad weather just the wrong clothes "	17	Definite
Last week , at least 76 people were killed when the Al-Ghaza Hotel near the Masjid Al-Haram ( Grand Mosque ) collasped , the cause of which is unknown .	23	Definite
I have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket line at the Payne Creek site today .	4	Definite
The wake also included the night sit were friends and family sit up through the night with the remains .	0	Definite
Quinn had never seen anyone move in such a manner , and he realized at once that this was the same person he had spoken to on the phone .	27	Definite
There were things in the shadows ; a metal pail , a mop , rags .	11	Indefinite
Hmmm ... A person can not call a company , if you have no idea its name ( since the designer is unknown ... SUPPOSEDLY ) , and order a gown without a dress name or style number .	32	Indefinite
As they stared at each other , Harry heard Dudley 's voice from the hall .	13	Definite
It belongs to a past .	3	Indefinite
The light from the door made the shadows under the bleachers darker , the long space stretched far away .	3	Definite
A major report in January said oceans would contain more plastic than fish by 2050 unless the world took radical action to stop rubbish leaking into the seas .	26	Definite
Is it possible that you or somebody else in the HR department mark the vacation time ?	9	Definite
But as I stood on this hillside , I foresaw that in the blinding sunshine of that land I would become acquainted with a flabby , pretending , weak-eyed devil of a rapacious and pitiless folly .	23	Indefinite
The bungling of post-war Iraq by the Bush administration created a weak and failed state .	6	Definite
Pay extra attention to the appetizers - the next time I go there I 'm planning on ordered a few instead of an entree .	18	Indefinite
The promotion by the pro-Zionist right of twin occupations - in the West Bank and in Iraq - has profoundly weakened , not strengthened , Israeli security .	11	Definite
And though he 'd been a faithful servant , he was not such a player that he could get away with that .	5	Indefinite
Dekalb County Police Chief Louis Graham ... the man who reopened the investigations last year , is mysteriously stepping down .	7	Definite
At my appointment the girl helping me was unable to adequately lace up some of the dresses .	3	Definite
It seemed to be a kind of soundless laughter , a joke that stopped short of its punchline , a generalized mirth that had no object .	4	Indefinite
NEW YORK – Around the world , there is enormous enthusiasm for the type of technological innovation symbolized by Silicon Valley .	4	Definite
Walking out last night , Kevin Presto indicated that there were games being played in ERCOT with the new market rules and prices in certain markets were not reflective of working markets .	17	Definite
I know that the mouse will probably die , but I was wondering if there is any cure for mouse poison ?	3	Definite
Very likely it needs a new window seal ) .	4	Indefinite
He described her as a " remarkable " and " loving and wonderful " woman who left her mark in the literary world with her stories .	4	Indefinite
Well , T.V. is a series of flickering pictures that are streamed together to make a moving picture .	4	Indefinite
It had known and served all the men of whom the nation is proud , from Sir Francis Drake to Sir John Franklin , knights all , titled and untitled – the great knights-errant of the sea .	10	Definite
The accident occurred at a time when the mosque was relatively uncrowded .	7	Definite
And it was great that they did not charge a service fee to diagnose the problem - an added bonus !!	9	Indefinite
Over the past 50 years , the destruction of habitat surrounding agricultural land has degraded approximately 40 % of agricultural land worldwide via erosion , salinization , compaction , nutrient depletion , pollution , and urbanization .	6	Definite
I want to go to the cafeteria for vegetables .	5	Definite
At the corner of 72nd Street and Madison Avenue , he waved down a cab .	13	Indefinite
However , you can open the page in Design view and change the property settings .	12	Definite
The US troops fired into the hostile crowd , killing 4 .	0	Definite
Schemas provide a model for an XML data document which defines the arrangement of tags and text within all documents referencing the schema .	21	Definite
The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns , and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus .	3	Definite
You live the moment , without any perspective , but you can not break free of the moment , forget the moment .	2	Definite
In a recently-accepted Evolution paper Bos and colleagues describe ants appearing to self-medicate .	1	Indefinite
The General Court , in agreement with the Court of Justice , shall make such adaptations to its Rules of Procedure as are rendered necessary by accession .	7	Definite
He did n't take a dislike to the kids for " no " reason !	4	Indefinite
Resolving this conflict would be the most effective weapon the United States could deploy in its war on terror . "	5	Definite
The premise with which the administartion is acting is that if they expeditiously suspend everyone 's right to bilateral contracts quickly , it sets up a barrier which the direct access coalition must break through .	25	Indefinite
After all , I also was a part of the great cause of these high and just proceedings .	9	Definite
In the best case , the clamoring for a " refund " subsides .	5	Definite
After you have had the chance to review the attached , please send me a marked - up draft and we can discuss our concerns from there .	4	Definite
" In the years before the 2008 financial crisis , more than a third of Harvard MBAs , and a similar proportion of graduates of the London School of Economics , went to work for financial firms .	2	Definite
A Yellowstone wolf was found dead , hit by a car , on a Colorado highway last year , several hundred miles from home .	9	Indefinite
Today the Château is a museum dedicated to the author 's life .	1	Definite
If so , then does that mean that if you watched a scary movie and your dog / cat / parrot was in the same room as you they will also get scared ?	11	Indefinite
But there it was , hanging amidst the debris of his wardrobe .	7	Definite
* Adopts guidelines to improve reliability and help moderate prices in gas commodity markets , and identifies the capital projects needed to meet these guidelines over the course of the GA II period ( 2003 - 2007 ) . *	26	Definite
And they usually come out within a few days .	6	Indefinite
City Hall Information Center ( Módulo de Información Turística Palacio Municipal ) Calle 62 between 61 and 63 ( inside the Palacio del Gobierno left of the main entrance ) , ☎ + 529999420000 x 80119 .	20	Definite
I was not happy with the way they looked , very wavy , uneven edges , and with the exception of 1 , there is a dip in the center of each nail .	18	Definite
He was one of the first six international scholars to be elected as honorary members of the Linguistic Society of America .	16	Definite
However since the elections Iranian influence has proved critical in convincing the Hazara Shia candidate Mohammed Mohaqeq to accept the results of the elections and later convincing Qanooni to do the same .	19	Definite
Monsoon rains with lightning occur regularly from July to September during the late afternoon and evening , occasionally overnight also .	11	Definite
It was completed rather late in the war ; although a number of B-29s were equipped with Eagle and it worked well , it came too late to make much difference .	10	Indefinite
Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me .	4	Definite
The bird was on the roof of the round , thatched guest room in the garden of his old friend Roland Dando – a Welshman – newly appointed as Attorney-General .	4	Definite
A Health Care Proxy is not written in stone and can be changed .	0	Indefinite
Harry just caught sight of a pair of bright brown eyes staring at him before it closed with a snap .	5	Indefinite
( Some might cynically say that keeping MBAs and economists out of real businesses is a blessing , but I doubt that that is really true . )	15	Indefinite
I left in a French steamer , and she called in every blamed port they have out there , for , as far as I could see , the sole purpose of landing soldiers and custom-house officers .	3	Indefinite
When a user connects to the SQL Server database through a Microsoft Access project , the connection is enabled through a Windows NT user account .	10	Indefinite
In the light , Margot Wentz 's head was the figurehead of a ship above the hulk of her body :	1	Definite
My father re-secured the petroleum assets of Kuwait in 1991 at a cost of sixty - one billion U.S. dollars ( $ 61,000,000,000 ) .	3	Definite
Quinn had not worn a tie since the funerals of his wife and son , and he could not even remember if he still owned one .	4	Indefinite
I have been extremely pleased with the signs and pop - up banners she has supplied to me over the years - a truly first class family business run by Tina and her husband Chris .	19	Definite
A statistical analysis was performed based on the application of the paired t-test on the difference of the overall score obtained in the test before and after the intervention in the two groups .	0	Indefinite
Nevertheless , I see that in a book called Things to Come two Americans who think themselves anything but undeveloped and helpless , Herman Kahn and B Bruce-Briggs , are not impressed by Russian achievements .	6	Indefinite
It also helps to mask the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning .	5	Definite
The company has developed a unique and innovative delivery mechanism for nutritional products .	4	Indefinite
To date they have not made good by either finding the key or paying for a new one .	15	Indefinite
That 3 % rate also applies to Nectar cardholders looking to borrow from £ 15,001 - £ 19,999 over a period of between two and three years .	19	Indefinite
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page , we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers .	27	Indefinite
We are run as a Hybrid Organization - a for-profit company focused on achieving a social good .	4	Indefinite
The Military is not part of the Executive Branch : it is a separate entity .	12	Indefinite
As you can see from the Design Document , they are pretty significant .	5	Definite
The service at Instep was great !!	0	Definite
Although Musharraf did turn against the Taliban after September 11 , under extreme duress from the US , elements of his military continued to support radical Islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on Musharraf himself .	5	Definite
Evil-looking masks stared down from the walls , an assortment of human bones lay upon the counter , and rusty , spiked instruments hung from the ceiling .	8	Indefinite
That the Iraqi Islamic Party is now contemplating leaving the Allawi government raises the question of whether a mass Sunni Arab boycott of the elections is in the offing , thus fatally weakening the legitimacy of any new government .	9	Definite
That granddaughter : her parents both worked in the vineyards , and when she was a child , she would play in my courtyard in the after-noons .	15	Indefinite
We are also a group who is looking for members for our own select guild called ULGG of GW ... which is a part of the alliance with the same name .	22	Indefinite
His plays remain highly popular today and are constantly studied , performed , and reinterpreted in diverse cultural and political contexts throughout the world .	22	Definite
Some times , the airline provides these at the airport , however check first that this is the case .	3	Definite
Below I pasted the email text , and it has a link to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created .	3	Definite
Sara , here are the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas , UK power and Nordic power .	4	Definite
These measures shall be taken during a period of three years following the date of accession and their application shall be limited to that period .	12	Definite
Pour out some vodka from a bottle to make room for Skittles .	5	Indefinite
The vegetarian dishes and lighter fare were almost always spot - on , while the lamb was often dry and / or overcooked .	0	Definite
Is any of this a probability ?	4	Indefinite
I recently converted this test to an online test in order to norm it to a larger population and , subsequently , to make it available to any one who has access to a computer and the Internet .	33	Indefinite
Just at that time the manager was the only man supposed to have any right to candles .	7	Definite
It is right on the hustle and bustle of Wisconsin Ave but some might miss it as it is nestled in between Subway Sandwiches and Modell 's .	4	Definite
In line with the above analysis and in the light of the conclusions of the evaluator of Pericles , this Communication is accompanied by a proposal for the adaptation and continuation of Pericles .	24	Indefinite
Due to the shared climate , geology , and access to the sea , cultures centered on the Mediterranean tended to have some extent of intertwined culture and history .	11	Definite
Wikinews spoke with William Evans , president of the International Brotherhood of Magicians , about the current state of magic and what its future looks like in the world of entertainment .	8	Definite
I mean , he 's written almost the whole booklist !	7	Definite
In Balzac Ewelina found a kindred spirit for her emotional and social desires , with the added benefit of feeling a connection to the glamorous capital of France .	20	Indefinite
It ’s a fundamental part of the joke ;	2	Indefinite
The word ' ivory ' rang in the air , was whispered , was sighed .	0	Definite
Try visiting the kittens a few times a day for short periods of time .	2	Definite
One week after that declaration , ONLY ONE WEEK LATER , Brian Epstein , forger of the Beatle farce , died from an overdose .	16	Definite
that the citizen has not that protection of person and property which he is entitled .	1	Definite
I called the next morning to let then know my wife would be driving in .	2	Definite
King snakes sometimes stop eating , particularly during the cooler part of the year .	12	Definite
Compounding this is the well - based suspicion that Syria has perhaps the most advanced chemical weapons capability in the Persian Gulf .	19	Definite
They went into the Sputnik Bar for a moment , meeting music like a buffeting about the head , and then someone said that he thought the arrangement had been to meet at the railway crossing .	13	Indefinite
It was as though Auster had read his thoughts , divining the thing he wanted most – to eat , to have an excuse to stay a while .	22	Indefinite
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .	0	Definite
One Rohingya , Muhammad Amin , the first boat rescued on Friday was turned around twice , toward Malaysia by Indonesian navy and then toward Indonesia by Malaysian navy .	6	Definite
On the NATO conference , well I mean the obvious question is why should NATO exist ?	8	Definite
The letter bombs were sent in connection with the treatment of the Egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the WTC and a related plot .	11	Definite
And we bought a few cookies there too , they were fantastic as well ! )	3	Indefinite
Emergency teams in the southern US are battling to reach survivors of Hurricane Katrina , the most destructive storm to hit the country in decades .	3	Definite
In my opinion , we should show CRRA a copy of the LOI with the assumption that the Development Agreement is attached .	8	Indefinite
No matter when you buy you will get a newer version .	8	Indefinite
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement , and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what 's in the draft ?	8	Definite
Operating the business	1	Definite
Regardless of method , the winning seeker wins 30 points for his or her team , unlike the books , in which the snitch is worth 150 points .	17	Definite
It ’s limitless , and you ’ll see that the GNP of Israel is very close to the Saudis ’ .	17	Definite
The term of office of one of the Judges of the Court of Justice appointed in accordance with paragraph 1 shall expire on 6 October 2009 .	0	Definite
THEY WILL GIVE YOU A LOW PRICE OVER THE PHONE AND ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE THEY WILL CHANGE THE PRICE , I GUARANTEE IT .	20	Definite
They 've knocked out a wall into that sort of yard thing and they have dancing .	4	Indefinite
of course , he thought bitterly , Uncle Vernon was talking about the stupid dinner party .	12	Definite
The outward appearance makes you think this place is nice , but everything inside is cheap cheap cheap .	0	Definite
IT IS NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE , MORE OF THE CUISINE BRETT ENJOYS IN MISSISSIPPI .	3	Indefinite
That is why the EU was hopelessly outmaneuvered by Russia in the negotiations with Ukraine over an Association Agreement .	3	Definite
The particular instruments mentioned in this Article include those referred to in Article IV - 438 of the Constitution .	0	Definite
This is all the more problematic in the case of mosquito control , given the urgency of the problem .	17	Definite
The latest indications are that the Republicans will not be so enticed .	0	Definite
The harmonisation of national laws is the only means to prevent such barriers to trade and unfair competition .	0	Definite
The people who carry out these underground arms / drugs / sex trafficking deals are trauma based mind controlled slaves .	0	Definite
Quinn paused , looked around the room without seeing anything , and tried to start .	5	Definite
Tina is the driving force of the business and you can be assured that she will endevour to satisfy all your signage requirements at the most cost effective rates .	2	Definite
Asking for help with a work or school-related problem is almost always a good bet , as is asking a question about something striking about the person .	12	Indefinite
Using the Virtual Microscope volunteers can search over the collector for the tracks of the interstellar dust particles .	11	Definite
a degu , a rat , a mouse , a hamster or a guinea pig ?	9	Indefinite
In the past Muggle Quidditch has mainly been played at colleges in the US , but over the last few years there has been a dramatic rise in the number of community teams .	28	Definite
Workers who do these introductions look at the interaction objectively ; and it 's good to see they are able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem .	7	Definite
It 's probably not a wise idea to keep studying and having a massive student loan .	12	Indefinite
According to the Arts and Humanities Citation Index Professor Chomsky is the eighth most cited scholar of all time .	11	Definite
They are endowed with reason and conscience and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood .	14	Indefinite
The rest of the candidates elected in this constituency were young and relatively new activists from the localist camp , Lau Siu-lai and Youngspiration 's Yau Wai-ching .	0	Definite
During the U.S. and Russian lunar race during the Cold War , NASA scored an early coup by circling the moon with the Apollo 8 crew over the 1968 Christmas holidays .	19	Definite
To its credit , South Korea has built a relatively gender - equal society .	8	Indefinite
If Access does n't find a RefLibPaths key , it searches for the referenced file in the locations listed below in the following order :	12	Definite
In the second room it took 3 tries to get all the towels and linens we requested .	11	Definite
The President has that pulpit .	0	Definite
There 's of course Jason , who is our editor and he 's the one who writes dD .	13	Definite
In the parts of the city farther from downtown , north-south streets are numbered .	1	Definite
Handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of KSM , Al Qaeda 's # 3 , included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed the recruitment of necessary expertise .	27	Indefinite
At the heart of the conflict was the question of whether Kansas would enter the Union as a free state or slave state .	7	Definite
I like Hayes Street Grill .... another plus , it 's right by Civic Center , so you can take a romantic walk around the Opera House , City Hall , Symphony Auditorium ... all very beautiful .	20	Indefinite
LONDON – Bank of England Governor Mark Carney surprised his audience at a conference late last year by speculating that banking assets in London could grow to more than nine times Britain 's GDP by 2050 .	12	Indefinite
Police said Bernard confessed to detectives that he had sex with a young girl in November 2002 and admitted to knowing about sexual acts involving children and a dog that occurred at Hosanna Church .	11	Indefinite
the silky colours of Olivia 's things ... the rugs , cherry- and satin-wood pieces ... and the red earth pots , bits of beadwork , the two fine carvings they once found in the Congo .	26	Definite
You want to bring something back with you from your deep space experience where you sensed your mind merging with the universal Mind .	20	Definite
I live 10 minutes from Cycle City , but I Drove 50 mile south to Peachstate Powersports in LaGrange , dealt with the owner , Levi , and was well taken care of .	22	Definite
And , he did n't think he needed to know anything about South Asia , with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics -- the latter a dire security threat to the US .	26	Indefinite
He 's a good chap , if they 'll let him alone , he 's learnt a lot , and one 's done what one could ...	2	Indefinite
He had driven home , slowing down on the empty road that led through the fullness of a deserted summer twilight , at last , to the house .	14	Definite
I took a tip from Carri and looked up Rat ASCII's on Google .	2	Indefinite
The Guinea pig is better because it s a lot larger than a hamster , rat , mouse , or degu .	8	Indefinite
She makes you feel like you are the most important person in the world .	7	Definite
You need to check out the French Indochina War ( 1946 - 1954 ) not the Vietnam War ( 1957 - 1975 ) .	15	Definite
Sometimes back , Paul told George in the Apple offices that the new generations are a bundle of idiots and useless people , but in any way they would have also been slaves of the Beatles .	34	Definite
Was Schauble 's statement supposed to serve as a rallying cry for greater European solidarity ?	8	Indefinite
After my trees were cleaned up , they gave me a jar of salsa .	10	Indefinite
Just enter your email address and password into the section at the top of the page and click " Log In " .	14	Definite
But Carney argues that , on the contrary , the rest of the British economy benefits from having a global financial center in its midst .	12	Definite
The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mother s father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that 's a common misconception ( http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm ) .	0	Definite
From 1594 , Shakespeare 's plays were performed by only the Lord Chamberlain 's Men , a company owned by a group of players , including Shakespeare , that soon became the leading playing company in London .	31	Definite
The Other group will contain all items that you did not include in the Fixed custom group .	0	Definite
Half of the population of the Arab world is under the age of 20 , the most receptive age to incitement , guaranteeing two more generations of blind hatred .	5	Definite
Under these conditions , what will the future of the rural areas of Europe be like as a consequence ?	17	Indefinite
But I ca n't give him too many shocks at once , and I say , " She has not had a Jewish upbringing . "	21	Indefinite
WHERE : The Front Porch 217 Gray St. ( 713 ) 571-9571	2	Definite
He felt himself the middle-aged relative , a man of vague repute come from afar to the wedding and drawn helplessly and not unenjoyably into everything .	7	Indefinite
I will be going to Del Frisco 's in late November for dinner and I was wondering what the dress code is for a female .	18	Definite
We have since moved slightly further away from the centre but it 's worth the extra travel , as the care provided exceeds our expectations ... especially after a few horrendous daycare experiences elsewhere .	8	Definite
The project eventually was terminated but Larry and Bob decided to finish what they started and bring it to the world .	0	Definite
Mweta had the mummified look of one who has become a vessel of ritual .	2	Definite
The area is famous for its World War II wreck diving , and the site has been named in many lists of top dive spots in the world .	26	Definite
On the other hand , the report thinks the news might not be so bad for the North Atlantic fisheries .	8	Definite
The disembarking passengers were all strangers again , connected not with each other but to the mouthing , smiling faces and waving hands on the airport balcony .	15	Definite
We therefore accept the four amendments which have been proposed .	3	Definite
You can play water quidditch in a pool .	6	Indefinite
Have a good trip where - ever you end up .	1	Indefinite
As such , instead of accepting that the world behaves randomly and at times totally averse to one 's preferences , the arrogant person seeks to control everything and everyone , which of course , is an impossible mission .	36	Indefinite
We piled enormous amounts of pollution into the air and into the water .	11	Definite
It shall promote understanding , tolerance and friendship among all nations , racial or religious groups , and shall further the activities of the United Nations for the maintenance of peace .	23	Definite
The current complaints allege that HANO has not provided qualified former St. Thomas residents a preference with respect to available public housing units at River Garden per the 2003 agreement .	0	Definite
In return , Uber will receive a billion dollar investment and a seat on the board of directors of the Chinese company .	19	Definite
When I was a young man in Air Force ROTC I was chosen to attend a unique Pilot Training Program called Euro- NATO Joint Jet Pilot Training .	3	Indefinite
" The US does not dictate what happens at the IMF , but it does have a disproportionate influence .	9	Definite
" The effects of iodine deficiency are dependent upon how severe it is and when it occurs .	1	Definite
I honestly have no idea what to expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of the embassies costs by the minute - which I really do n't have the money for .	21	Definite
It remained the only thorough introduction to the field for decades and is still valuable for its many examples and exercises .	7	Definite
There should be a Pixel Mapping function in the menu that will get rid of them , most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels , some only show up on long exposures .	20	Indefinite
I will be in touch directly re the items needing approval	7	Definite
Madam President , I do not wish to reopen the debate , but I had also asked for the floor , to comment on Mr Barón Crespo 's motion .	9	Definite
It 's the water pumped into the tanks for ballast and then pumped out again that pollutes the seas , says John .	6	Definite
In the top of the fourth St. Louis scored five runs , and Quinn turned off the picture as well .	1	Definite
The actual author is Johann Valentin Andreae , whose name did n’t appear on the book originally , thus ensuring the confusion .	20	Definite
To make the war unpalatable to the American public .	6	Definite
The term of office of one of the Judges of the General Court appointed in accordance with paragraph 1 shall expire on 31 August 2007 .	10	Definite
In one amendment , there is a call for the inclusion of pure and simple renewal of vineyards in the restructuring measures .	6	Indefinite
Entering the 747 , my wife , Alexandra , and I are enfiladed by eyes that lie dark in hairy ambush .	1	Definite
This command displays the Import dialog box so that you can select an XML document as well as a schema , which describes the structure of the data .	26	Definite
Although rare , one east-west numbered street may even intersect with a street of the same number running north-south .	11	Indefinite
A girl would show up , then a guy in a nice car would show up .	0	Indefinite
A keen guitarist , he played a concert there the same year .	9	Definite
The clans did n't have any stories about coming from Earth .	0	Definite
It was Jefferson who said that the tree of liberty must occasionally be refreshed with the blood of patriots and tyrants .	6	Definite
We were familiar with Search Engine Optimization strategies , but new nothing about Social Media - we just heard that it was the next big thing .	22	Definite
i need to now get a job at house of pies b/c that is the only way to pay the bills .	5	Indefinite
The service department even gave me a ride home and picked me up when my car was finished .	6	Indefinite
This was the great beginning of a new social revolution , which was the result of the democracy under Clisthenes ( 508 BC ) .	6	Indefinite
Attached is the revised draft paper that reflects our conference call with Bob Fagan earlier this week .	2	Definite
When I got to the job and tried to insert the new piece of metal IT WOULD NOT FIT !!	4	Definite
The marches on the 12th of July are only really attended by protestants in the Ulster but in spite of the are the largest attended paraded in Ireland .	0	Definite
A writer ? Quinn spoke the word as though it were a lament .	11	Indefinite
I have a few questions , first I want to start a sump filter , but I have no idea on how the water intake and water return would work .	2	Indefinite
I want to know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a report , not a legislative proposal , and whether that is something I can competently do on Thursday .	17	Indefinite
Deb Watson is the contact person and she and the rest of the staff were great !!!	9	Definite
One thought is to have just the agenda as a couple topics and then lead in with the first two questions as I 've listed .	17	Definite
Recent years are seeing a revival , and trendy hotels , bars , shops and restaurants are making it a place to be again .	19	Indefinite
For example , you can select from the Promotions row field all the promotions that run for a specific period and create a group .	22	Indefinite
If someone wanted to re-record a chapter because they did n't like the speaker , would you then offer two versions ?	12	Definite
For by definition an orphan drug is precisely a drug that offers very limited prospects of making a profit .	17	Indefinite
South Korea had recently started to broadcast propaganda from loudspeakers after an 11-year lull .	11	Indefinite
You are the best !	2	Definite
Yau Wai-ching defeated another localist camp candidate , veteran politician Raymond Wong of the Proletariat Political Institute , by 424 votes .	13	Definite
i need to now get a job at house of pies b/c that is the only way to pay the bills .	14	Definite
In line with the above analysis and in the light of the conclusions of the evaluator of Pericles , this Communication is accompanied by a proposal for the adaptation and continuation of Pericles .	14	Definite
How about skidoo skis for the front and tracks for the back ..	10	Definite
Auster retreated to the kitchen to prepare the food .	7	Definite
You might end up as a no show passenger .	5	Indefinite
- The programme has improved awareness of the Community dimension of the euro and has also developed a greater understanding amongst the participants of the related laws and instruments and in particular of the relevant Community and broader European law .	17	Indefinite
I went from a pain scale of 8 - 9 to 0 and I was able to run in the Crim just a week later !!	19	Definite
Police in the Indian capital Delhi say they have arrested the suspected co-ordinator and financier of last month 's deadly bomb blasts in the city .	23	Definite
The cashier was also short , unapologetic and made me feel as I was wasting her time .	0	Definite
The wires have been humming since before the New Year with reports that the Bush administration is planning an attack on Iran .	18	Indefinite
The limestone plateau and the Hagghier Mountains are the richest areas for endemic plant species , but endemics are found throughout the island in every type of vegetation .	4	Definite
It does n't matter how graceful your horse is , or how high he can jump , or how well he does a sliding stop .	22	Indefinite
Only the gloom to the west , brooding over the upper reaches , became more somber every minute , as if angered by the approach of the sun .	4	Definite
When I open a can of meat with gravy he licks off the gravy and lets the meat lay .	12	Definite
I was fixing to buy an indian ringneck , did a bunch of research , ( I 'm a very experienced bird owner , macaws , cockatoos , amazons ) ,	10	Indefinite
Response : The US must do whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of the Pakistani government .	14	Definite
The menu has the usual but then they step it up another notch .	0	Definite
Prices for electricity jumped from an average of $ 249 a megawatt to $ 700 a megawatt within three days , ISO records show .	5	Indefinite
He was a tall dark fellow in his mid-thirties , with rumpled clothes and a two-day beard .	2	Indefinite
Above is the link to the Department of State travel website , which will give you all the info that you need , including passport information .	5	Definite
Branch out and try something other than the Pad Thai , the curries are fantastic .	7	Definite
Here is a list of the risk people that will be with the estate .	2	Indefinite
I want to make sure that I understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value would be booked .	13	Definite
Naturally , the office landscape features many clothes and little in the way of food .	11	Definite
Bray 's ears were filled with the strange echoes of exhaustion and , stoked up by the hot lunch , his body threatened to suffocate him with waves of heat .	16	Definite
Great job on my roof and the pricing was fair .	6	Definite
St François if you go at the eastern point of Guadeloupe , you will reach La Pointe des Chateaux , a scenery made of sand and rocks which have vaguely the shape of a castle .	20	Indefinite
" Not a word .	2	Indefinite
The Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles ( not a drop of magical blood in their veins ) and as far as they were concerned , having a wizard in the family was a matter of deepest shame .	27	Indefinite
I had an interesting conversation with a middle - aged taxi driver who used to live in Fallujah and is now at relatives in Amiriya , Baghdad .	2	Indefinite
Flexibility in the method for establishing the level of requirements can make swift improvement of environmental performance easier .	6	Definite
The rapid victory during the first Gulf War cemented this perception .	4	Definite
You can also remove fields that you no longer want to see from the PivotTable view layout .	13	Definite
I remembered the old doctor , – ' It would be interesting for science to watch the mental changes of individuals , on the spot .	2	Definite
For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e. U.S. and U.K. branches ) .	18	Indefinite
When we adopt the Minutes for today 's sitting tomorrow , then any Members who think the positions have not been explained clearly enough may ask for amendments .	16	Definite
Everyone was gathering round for servings from the roast sheep , and the fair stocky man from the airport signalled a greeting with a piece of meat in his fingers .	23	Indefinite
They actually itemized it as a DISPOSAL fee .	5	Indefinite
Ms. Walters approached one of the women and said , " This is marvelous .	5	Definite
They stopped somewhere to give a man a lift ; he was caught in the lights , hat in hand ; only his clean white shirt had shown on the dark road .	14	Definite
He struck a match , and I perceived that this young aristocrat had not only a silver-mounted dressing-case but also a whole candle all to himself .	2	Indefinite
Some of the leaders of these various circles live very comfortably on their loot .	2	Definite
the weather is going to be fine , hector was just blowing smoke .	0	Definite
This prevents you from getting into the " procrastination zone . "	6	Definite
per our conversation yesterday afternoon , attached are proposed drafts of the Schedule and the Para. 13 relative to the above .	14	Definite
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1 - 2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything .	5	Indefinite
the company is Arco Products , adn their comments are on the attached file .	11	Definite
Still , you have a better chance of some peace and quiet , and the weather can be surprisingly better in April and September than in mid-July – again , it ’s all part of the uncertainty principle .	35	Definite
And the village was deserted , the huts gaped black , rotting , all askew within the fallen enclosures .	1	Definite
It 's all about the $$$ .	4	Definite
There is an emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to AMI , the publisher of the National Enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to Jennifer Lopez enclosing a Star of David and proposing marriage .	31	Indefinite
The direction of saccades is determined by an interaction between the goals of the observer and the physical properties of the different elements of the scene ( e.g. colour , texture , brightness etc ) .	7	Indefinite
At no time during the conversation did the words , " I 'm sorry " ever come out of his mouth .	7	Definite
He was stand-offish with the other agents , and they on their side said he was the manager 's spy upon them .	16	Definite
My mother is sitting in the little examining room at the assisted living .	5	Definite
McDonal s the best for me	2	Definite
Distribution of this license does not create an attorney - client relationship .	7	Indefinite
" A few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear 's paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling . "	11	Indefinite
On the other side of the flag there was a chart of the manual alphabet – LEARN TO SPEAK TO YOUR FRIENDS – that showed the hand positions for each of the twenty-six letters .	5	Definite
But here is a mushroom that 's past its prime .	3	Indefinite
It was incorporated as a city on May 26 , 1955 .	4	Indefinite
The guidelines and exposure proposed by the Commissioner are based on those recently published by the International Convention on Non-Ionising Radiation Protection .	15	Definite
He was a first-class agent , young , gentlemanly , a bit reserved , with a forked little beard and a hooked nose .	20	Indefinite
Application folder containing the application ( the folder where Msaccess.exe is located ) .	3	Definite
I ca nt speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us ( the patient ) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you .	28	Definite
This fact means that the European Parliament , the Commissioner and the Commission must act decisively and strategically .	11	Definite
Love the soups .	1	Definite
A national of each new Member State shall be appointed to the Court of Auditors as from the date of accession for a term of office of six years .	0	Indefinite
I might just sell the car and get you to drive me around all winter .	4	Definite
Fill in the subject , this will be the header that everyone sees as they scroll through the list of postings in a particular group , click the post message button .	8	Definite
My only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task .	7	Definite
The President will be expecting me to have come for you with the Mercedes , but , honestly , if I 'd have waited to get it I would have turned up I do n't know when .	12	Definite
Despite the release of a photo this morning , police in B.C. say they have more questions than answers about an apparently homeless man charged in the fatal stabbing of a teen girl at her Abbotsford high school .	20	Indefinite
A risk based debtors review - matching to source documentation , where applicable , and any subsequent post quarter end cash movements	0	Indefinite
My old bed got tossed in a dumpster .	6	Indefinite
I have also looked at the photo galleries for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants and I have narrowed it down to three establishments .	13	Definite
Then he began again , assuring me Mr. Kurtz was the best agent he had , an exceptional man , of the greatest importance to the Company ; therefore I could understand his anxiety .	25	Definite
Quinn had never seen anyone move in such a manner , and he realized at once that this was the same person he had spoken to on the phone .	8	Indefinite
Mr Vernon Dursley had been woken in the early hours of the morning by a loud , hooting noise from his nephew Harry 's room .	14	Indefinite
Chemicals are still on our agenda in the EU .	7	Definite
In Pakistan national chart besides the transit affliction to transit Venus in the fourth house by FMs Rahu and Mercury , natal Saturn and Venus are also under the close affliction of transit Rahu .	28	Definite
It had listed that there was a hot breakfast but all this meant is that they added a waffle maker to the common continental affair at most cheap hotels .	21	Definite
" Across the United States , the northern edge of species ' range is expanding , " she said .	6	Definite
Stacey here is the Master draft we discussed .	3	Definite
Then came a crackling in the wires , the sound of further dialing , more voices .	8	Definite
Or you might well fall out of the wrong fireplace –	7	Definite
I plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this level .	12	Definite
Their selection is random , so what they have on a given week might never be available again at the store .	10	Indefinite
The Blindleia is a skerry - protected waterway that starts near Kristiansand in southern Norway , and continues past Lillesand .	0	Definite
Prior to taking office Jokowi sought for outgoing President Yudhoyono to take responsibility for the decision to further increase fuel prices by further removing subsidies .	14	Definite
I am told that our respective credit departments want to raise the credit lines to $ 10 M for each party , but to effect that we will have to modify the existing Guaranties accordingly .	31	Definite
To get away from the traffic snarl you could climb a nearby mountain and come down to a deserted beach , similar to the beach at Sdot Yam .	23	Definite
Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport ( IATA : PHX ) +1602275-4958 is the main air gateway to Arizona .	12	Definite
" Q Thank you -- I was wondering , there 's a lot of talk right now about memoirs being written with the former President .	11	Indefinite
Knowledge is power and wikiHow has the potential to make all of us a bit more powerful .	13	Indefinite
Many of the buildings and streets of Chinatown reflect the diverse nature of its history , in architecture and in the bilingual signs seen throughout the neighborhood .	2	Definite
One week after that declaration , ONLY ONE WEEK LATER , Brian Epstein , forger of the Beatle farce , died from an overdose .	22	Indefinite
The American - Arab Discrimination Committee is suing Condoleeza Rice and Donald Rumsfeld , charging that they mismanaged the evacuation efforts .	18	Definite
Indeed , every now and then he would stoop down , pick some object off the ground , and examine it closely , turning it over and over in his hand .	15	Definite
This right to fork guarantees that wikiHow , the company , will always serve the goal of the mission and our volunteer community .	17	Definite
The position taken by Foreign Minister Maurice Jobert in the October War of 1973 was that the Palestinian Arabs had a natural and justified desire to " go home . "	16	Definite
Introducing the " Subscribe " Button .	1	Definite
Suddenly there was a growing murmur of voices and a great tramping of feet .	3	Indefinite
It is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of George Harrison , who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him .	29	Definite
We hypothesized that the children , who were over the age of six at the time of collection , would have adult-like SI interpretations .	9	Definite
I say this remembering that Jacques Maritain once characterized European anti-Semitism of the twentieth century as an attempt to get rid of the moral burden of Christianity .	12	Definite
" We believe the action we took addressed a severe concern , '' Robinson said .	8	Indefinite
In an imperial decree the following month , Norton summoned the Army to depose the elected officials of the U.S. Congress :	10	Definite
All those sunny reports about the progress in Vietnam were correct , the Communists WERE being defeated .	12	Definite
Apart from that in spite of my repeated attempts I could not get in touch with the manager to even lodge an official complaint .	21	Indefinite
me and my dad where in NJ for a kc chiefs ( my home team ) vs the NY jets and for game 4 of the world series .	8	Indefinite
your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey .	19	Definite
In traditional functional constituencies , the pan-democracy camp gained a seat from the pro-Beijing camp .	9	Indefinite
According to a report issued by the Center for Strategic and International Studies in December of 2004 , Iran " has some 540,000 men under arms and over 350,000 reserves .	6	Definite
Instead , emerging markets ' growth over the last two decades was based on a fortuitous ( and temporary ) set of external circumstances :	7	Definite
Monotheism and Holy War obviously does have a violent interpretation of Salafism , rather as the the leaders of the so - called German Peasant Rebellion among early Protestants did .	15	Definite
Gloria temporarily improved during the rare times they used conventional treatments , but they soon dropped them in favour of homeopathy , and she consistently worsened .	4	Definite
I used my card to purchase a meal on the menu and the total on my receipt was $ 8.95 but when I went on line to check my transaction it show $ 10.74 .	6	Indefinite
There were two classes of each grade , starting at the sixth and going down to the first .	10	Definite
The 1609 edition was dedicated to a " Mr. W.H. " , credited as " the only begetter " of the poems .	20	Definite
A handle ( 1.75 liters , about a half gallon ) of vodka per bag of Skittles	7	Indefinite
I will be getting with my vet first and if I do get him , have the spinal fluid test done for EPM and a titer test .	24	Indefinite
The media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as " liberals . "	13	Definite
When annoyed at meal-times by the constant quarrels of the white men about precedence , he ordered an immense round table to be made , for which a special house had to be built .	27	Indefinite
Obviously they had a full beverage list including alcohol for adults who wanted it .	3	Indefinite
The project is called Stardust @ home .	0	Definite
The guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the furniture quickly , Ahmed , was nice and mostly professional , except the semi-sketchiness .	11	Definite
The previous general legislative election in Hong Kong was before the 2014 protests .	0	Definite
He ministered for a short time among the Tarahumara Indians in Chihuahua , Mexico , until health problems due to an inadequate diet and the high altitude forced him to leave .	24	Definite
Rather than teaching the scientific method as a separate unit , for example , students learn science content by applying it .	7	Indefinite
But I got lucky because I qualified under another category to become a permanent resident .	12	Indefinite
The conditions and arrangements for admission are set out in the Protocol annexed to this Treaty .	10	Definite
The Atmosphere is the best .. Italian music , candles , helpful and friendly staff ... And the food is beautiful too !	3	Definite
We ’ve seen mass strikes all around the world , in countries that we would n’t expect it .	7	Definite
Leahy 's chief of staff apparently started with the strong predisposition that some right - winger was involved because two liberal democrats had been targeted .	8	Definite
Richard L. Jones , Jr. Airport ( IATA : RVS ) ( often called the " Riverside Airport " ) is south of downtown and is a general aviation airport .	26	Indefinite
After the seizure of power by the National Socialists in 1933 there were dispersed attempts to win back the old colonies .	6	Definite
The S100 has a slightly larger screen and the new digic 5 processor .	0	Definite
Becky will bring you the hard copy version .	4	Definite
Having a team was the best because they kept the flow of the wedding going the whole time !	9	Definite
The problem is that in many EU Member States it has become the easy option with dire consequences for the environment .	12	Definite
The oldest known historical reference to the city is to be found on an inscription of conquered sites at Thutmose 's temple at Karnak .	13	Indefinite
The children can be checked in and checked out in a safe way at many activities so you can have a bit of free time without the little ones .	10	Indefinite
He was shabby and careless , with ink-stains on the sleeves of his jacket , and his cravat was large and billowy , under a chin shaped like the toe of an old boot .	31	Indefinite
I thought it would be a good idea to see how a few that I liked would look like on a model ( by looking the dress up online ) .	20	Indefinite
The inner circles can and must be destroyed by force .	0	Definite
The Egyptian pharaoh thus found himself in northern Amurru , well past Kadesh , in Tunip , where no Egyptian soldier had been seen since the time of Thutmose III almost 120 years earlier .	0	Definite
This Auster was the first intelligent person he had spoken to in a long time .	3	Definite
He turned on the television and watched the first two innings of the Mets game .	3	Definite
The requirement to amend the operational process and OBSF IT code as a result of the current renegotiation of the OBSF with Barclays ( and AA ) .	12	Indefinite
New Zealand 's Prime Minister John Key said he believes redesigning the flag now has a " strong rationale " .	15	Indefinite
In 2003 , he dominated in the points standings and leading the last 33 of 36 races and became the 2003 NASCAR Winston Cup champion , the last driver to ever hold that title .	26	Definite
In the staccato part it 's like a music : a lot of break , very very short sentences .	7	Indefinite
2 ) The expression High Renaissance , in art history , is a periodizing convention used to denote the apogee of the visual arts in the Italian Renaissance .	21	Definite
When civilians launched a suicidal attack on an armed force in Kyiv on February 20 , their sense of representing " the nation " far outweighed their concern with their individual mortality .	7	Indefinite
Article 13 ( 3 ) of the Pericles Decision provides that the Commission shall send to the European Parliament and the Council , by 30 June 2005 :	20	Definite
The poster wrote that " Prompted I think by the Tom Cruise video , a new obsession is taking hold on the internet .	0	Definite
Set a timer for ten minutes , and take a nap , read a book , or call your friend .	13	Indefinite
Perhaps Sudan should be added to the list .	6	Definite
She turned and walked back into the house and Harry , after a nervous glance at Ron , who nodded encouragingly , followed her .	6	Definite
Thus kaoshikii is a blossoming of the microcosm ( unit being ) in its attempt to attain a link with the Macrocosm ( Cosmic Consciousness ) .	17	Indefinite
which is the best burger chain in the chicago metro area like for example burger king portillo s white castle which one do like the best ?	24	Definite
of course , in a perfect world , tax payers ' money would go toward some sort of national healthcare program , and housing for the homeless , but this is far from a perfect world .	33	Indefinite
That would eliminate the disturbing calls , at least temporarily .	3	Definite
Seekers try to tackle the snitch ( a person ) or obtain an object attached to the snitch such as a sock or flag .	16	Definite
British women too are entitled to the same treatment as all the other citizens of Europe .	6	Definite
True , the ship had had to be moved into its berth by the tugs but it had been crippled only briefly .	2	Definite
Recall the multiple terror threats lobbed out by the administration whenever damaging political news appeared in the media .	16	Definite
( Also , it might be a good idea to wrap the $ 1 bill in dark paper to reduce the risk of mail theft ) .	11	Definite
However , the news reports ( BBC etc. ) were very encouraging in that the authorities were reportedly making strenuous efforts to evacuate the population from near the coast and areas that are prone to flooding .	14	Definite
At times I suspect that the world would be glad to see the last of its Christianity , and that it is the persistency of the Jews that prevents it .	5	Definite
My last day in the Portland area will be March 31 , 2001 .	4	Definite
I looked at motocross and the more I looked , this one woman ’s face kept coming up , in photographs that looked as if they were from the 1970s .	5	Definite
SO , IF YOU WANT A BURGER AND FRIES , WELL , IT IS OK .	5	Indefinite
Good jokes have a lot of details and personality , so do n’t be afraid to embellish . [ 7 ]	3	Indefinite
The best part is I got my whole bathroom remodeled for about the same price the other company's were quoting just to fix the shower tile and fixtures .	12	Definite
Or think of a decent young citizen in a toga – perhaps too much dice , you know – coming out here in the train of some prefect , or tax-gatherer , or trader even , to mend his fortunes .	23	Definite
Much of the violence aimed at American forces is coming from disgruntled Sunni factions that have their own militias , believe the last elections were a sham , and hold little political power in the government .	25	Indefinite
Using an original technique , Shen successfully dredged the canal and demonstrated the formidable value of the silt gathered as a fertilizer .	16	Definite
He had served three terms of three years out there ... Because triumphant health in the general rout of constitutions is a kind of power in itself .	21	Indefinite
We step into the street and my friend David Shahar , whose chest is large , takes a deep breath and advises me to do the same .	25	Definite
Arrange rack in the middle of the oven .	6	Definite
Hartpury College ( I think that is the name , but if you type it in it should come up with an alternative suggestion ) , in Gloucestershire .	21	Indefinite
This technique releases the new power and flexibility of the poetry in plays such as Julius Caesar and Hamlet .	3	Definite
Attached please find the latest enovate risk policy .	3	Definite
Make sure he is n't trapped somewhere & put a bowl of food out .	9	Indefinite
Seizures will occur when the toxins that the kidney normally filters out are released into the blood stream .	4	Definite
That 's a tragedy for those populations , but it 's also a tragedy for the people eating them because they don't know that that 's toxic meat .	15	Definite
Those worthy fellows who 've gone down South to Rhodesia and South Africa where they can feel confident they 'll never have a black man on the Bench to give a verdict as biased as a white man 's .	26	Definite
I called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates , they were n't the cheapest I found but very reasonable .	7	Definite
I am a new patient .	2	Indefinite
I was beside the bear 's head and I stabbed it with an upper cut below the jaw in the neck a couple of times . "	3	Definite
You have always been on the move seeking affectionate , satisfying and harmonious relationships .	5	Definite
If you are moving the line towards the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows smaller .	13	Definite
When a user connects to the SQL Server database through a Microsoft Access project , the connection is enabled through a Windows NT user account .	20	Indefinite
afterwards he arose and went out – and the wilderness without a sound took him into its bosom again .	11	Indefinite
You can see them visiting and talking as they stroll along the streets , sit in the plazas or dine in the many sidewalk restaurants .	16	Definite
Bad service starting from the front desk .	4	Definite
1575 After the Plague of Cremona , all games except chess were banned .	2	Definite
Here was the symbolic attainment of something he had believed in , willed and worked for , for a good stretch of his life :	18	Indefinite
He also ordered that the receiver not get a ( I think chrome ) coating that helped keep the gun from jamming .	18	Definite
What about Manson 's tees bearing the message , " Kill your parents " .	6	Definite
The New Italian Kid on the Block	0	Definite
All arguments that the Bush administration would be insane to attack Iran and risk a global conflagration for the sake of political cover run into one unavoidable truth .	14	Indefinite
You can use the Import command ( point to Get External Data on the File menu ) to import XML data files into Access .	3	Definite
You can also select the objects displayed in the data outline , set their properties , define and edit relationships between record sources , and delete fields and record sources .	4	Definite
You take a boat across the river , then spend a day biking , eating at a local restaurant , buying souvenirs and doing other things that are geared towards tourists .	5	Definite
I personally provided the request on four separate occasions and they claim there is a glitch in their systems ?	3	Definite
If your drawstring is longer than your pinkie then you should cut it off till it is roughly the size of your fingernail .	18	Definite
Iguazu is a big or a small country ?	5	Indefinite
Desk research about what being a DH librarian entails ( e.g. Hartsell-Gundy et al. , 2015 ; Mulligan , 2016 ; also see the Zotero library of the LIBER Digital Humanities working group ) ;	23	Definite
Today we went for a party ( during lunch , so the place was empty ) with about 25 other people .	11	Definite
US and NATO military officers in Kabul say it is too early to say whether Bush ’s tough message was instrumental in persuading Musharraf and the ISI to pressure the Taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections .	29	Definite
A page that uses a Microsoft Office Chart Component	4	Indefinite
Sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront , and it is on a one - way street , but the restaurant itself is NEVER overcrowded .	20	Indefinite
" A View from the Eye of the Storm "	1	Indefinite
It is a bustling place where separate parties are seated at the same table ( as in many European cafes ) , but if you are OK with that , the food is very good .	11	Definite
why would you want a chihuahua ?	4	Indefinite
No doubt he was ; but he had been a couple of years already out there engaged in the noble cause , you know , and he probably felt the need at last of asserting his self-respect in some way .	9	Indefinite
The purpose of the letter bombs -- which resulted in minimal casualty -- was to send a message .	16	Indefinite
When a view has multiple row and column fields , the fields that are closest to the detail data are referred to as inner fields .	1	Indefinite
I am very artistic so I decided I was going to make her a giraffe sculpture .	13	Indefinite
We all regret that the European Committee for Standardisation ( CEN ) has not been able , in the required time , to carry out the amendment of the provisions necessary for the required harmonisation within the European Union .	25	Definite
Though '' decided '' is probably not the right word , since from the day they were born , these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders .	13	Definite
The decor left a lot to be desired and the posters telling me all the reasons 99 was great just served as an ironic contrast against the reality .	22	Indefinite
The data must be in a format that Access recognizes , either in a native format or through the use of a schema .	0	Definite
a parakeet is friendlier	0	Indefinite
Bush is reported to have asked a flustered Musharraf .	6	Indefinite
The metal rail of the steps wheeled against the plane was icy-wet to his palm and in the streaming rain he did not smell the Aegean or thyme , as he had remembered from other journeys to Africa .	8	Definite
Seems like a good idea to keep the heat on Hoecker & Co. right up until Nov. 1 .	2	Indefinite
" When a chicken or another animal with this tendency becomes frightened , its heart rate lowers and it stops moving .	2	Indefinite
He originated nothing , he could keep the routine going – that 's all . But he was great .	7	Definite
An XML schema file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document , providing a series of element names , as well as which elements are allowed in the document and in what combinations .	31	Definite
If I wait , would the tours I find there for less money be the same quality type tours ?	14	Definite
Perhaps something got lost in the translation , but the phrase " Chemical Wire Group " has appeared in all the english Pakistan and India papers .	20	Definite
If you wonder why there is misery and curse in your house , it is because you own some L.P , CD or another article related to the CURSED BY GOD Beatles and Rolling Stones .	27	Definite
Thai birth certificates record the date , month and time of birth , followed by the day of the week , lunar date , and the applicable zodiac animal name .	25	Definite
This is the original Ham 's restaurant , expanded into a regional chain in the late 80's -- but this one is no more .	10	Indefinite
Back outside on the marble steps , they all separated .	3	Definite
" Hamas remains targeted by Israel , as in the past , and the Israeli occupation does not need excuses to pursue its aggression .	9	Definite
right now , your male is fighting off an intruder , and he feels that all of the house is his .	17	Definite
And as I looked at the map of it in a shop-window , it fascinated me as a snake would a bird – a silly little bird .	5	Definite
We find our seats , two in a row of three , toward the rear of the aircraft .	7	Indefinite
Pioneers were assigned numbers , which were included on all cheques , enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how much . )	13	Definite
The executive branch consists of a Minister of State as the head of government , who presides over a five - member Council of Government .	18	Indefinite
But I am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day .	14	Definite
If you want to take it a step further , look around questioningly at everyone in the elevator when no one gets off at the floors you pushed . [ 1 ]	6	Indefinite
I do n't know if the kid had a bad day or what , but I had to sit and apologize about nothing for 10 minutes until he dropped the issue .	8	Indefinite
Lantern Festival in Taipei lights up the night	6	Definite
In order to form a callous and prevent rot , cure the cuttings by sitting the pad upright in a dry , dark place for 10 to 14 days .	11	Definite
The Roma deal looks much better .	0	Definite
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task ; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business .	19	Definite
I tried to stay here for a few nights with my girlfriend , so we asked for a single queen bed .	17	Indefinite
The other Canadian recipient of the medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford , 42 , of Hamilton , who was killed Aug. 4 , 2002 , while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife .	38	Indefinite
That , I think , started my thinking about this , but it took a while for the idea to crystallize .	14	Indefinite
Not that there is anything wrong with that because they also employ local people that live and shop in the area .	19	Definite
Please know that I have yet to meet a convict who wants their child to be a thief , an addict , a dealer , a prostitute , or a violent individual .	25	Indefinite
Fill the box to the brim and seal the lid .	4	Definite
He dated a beautiful young woman working on the campaign .	2	Indefinite
When the plants become a few inches tall and their leaves mature , it 's time to transplant them to a larger container .	4	Indefinite
The phones and networks are compatible , so the only reason it would n't work would be if you have , say , a cheap cell phone company ..	8	Definite
Experiment with the flavors of either recipe by replacing the vanilla extract with fragrant ingredients like neroli orange oil , rosewater , orange blossom water or coconut extract .	2	Definite
Barn brack and the ring .	3	Definite
I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again , I 'll definitely order a steak .	11	Definite
It might be a statistical blip .	3	Indefinite
You 'll find the ultimate power is the ability to choose your own destiny .	7	Definite
Cymbeline , The Winter 's Tale and The Tempest , as well as the collaboration , Pericles , Prince of Tyre .	7	Definite
Than the troops being issued the weapon were told it was self - cleaning , which it was n't .	1	Definite
Do n't pinch on the lower part of the stem , or the basil plants will grow tall and reedy .	8	Definite
Please choose the parakeet ...	2	Definite
We will be distributing the shares reflected on your 9/30/01 statement ( 6,606 shares plus cash for fractional shares ) .	4	Definite
In 1856 , the Second Opium War broke out ; the Chinese were again defeated and forced to the terms of the 1858 Treaty of Tientsin and the 1860 Convention of Peking .	18	Definite
Here 's a story ... as I was waiting at the bus stop ( 7:35 am ) to go to school , a lady approached me and asked if I 'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus .	22	Indefinite
Unless New Delhi does better in providing security to its own nationals against rebels , secessionists , drug runners and arms traffickers , it will not generate much confidence in the capitals of surrounding nations .	30	Definite
Sufaat was a member of Al Qaeda and a member of Jemaah Islamiah ( " JI " ) .	8	Indefinite
It read , " The people of Fallujah condemn the massacre which was committed on Friday against people dedicated to the protection of Fallujah .	9	Definite
As far as Quinn could tell , the objects Stillman collected were valueless .	7	Definite
Bilbray joined the " gouging " band wagon .	2	Definite
" I have a duty toward you , " he tells me .	3	Indefinite
According to Professor S D Muni , South Asia expert at the Jawaharal Nehru University , the two - year peace talks between Colombo and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) are stalemated .	16	Definite
if it s a reel then it s scottish	3	Indefinite
Is there a particular LibriVox book which you think stands out because of the quality , the overall effort involved , its popularity , or for some other reason ?	2	Indefinite
When you have a minute , I 'll give me a call and I 'll come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel .	23	Definite
This is a great place to get a permit	7	Indefinite
We arrived Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked .	8	Indefinite
To this end , the Commission shall be assisted by a committee .	10	Indefinite
is there anything similar with The Onion where they continually revisit a topic or person ?	11	Indefinite
He crossed the room gently to look at the sick man , and returning , said to me , ' He does not hear . '	8	Definite
It was the evening when Bray , Neil , Evelyn Odara , one of the South African refugees , the Pettigrews , and a few others set off for the Sputnik Bar .	2	Definite
And it is as simple as walking in a direction from there , for the first few neighborhoods , since Old Oakland is along 10th Street , just west of Broadway .	14	Definite
During the conciliation procedure the Commission , indeed you , Commissioner , declared that a proposal on seaports would be on the table immediately .	4	Definite
She asked me to bring the original piece back and I told her I had to use it on the job .	19	Definite
Was that the one where you were the captain of the team , in 2005 ?	2	Definite
Thought adding a comment would save someone the hassle with a useless trip there .	7	Definite
When you copy an exterior line , the new line is located halfway between the line you copied and the nearest line parallel to the line you copied .	7	Definite
In March 1613 he bought a gatehouse in the former Blackfriars priory ;	8	Definite
If you do would you send me a copy ?	7	Indefinite
The adaptations proposed concern the increase of the proportion of co-financing by the Community budget ;	7	Definite
The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts made two donations to USI Art Collections , in 2007 and a second recently .	19	Indefinite
Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality : PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	14	Definite
The broadcasts began on August 10 and South Korea says the broadcasts will continue .	10	Definite
It was an extremely amusing episode , watching Chalabi looking smug and amused , contrasted with Sha'lan , all serious and barely keeping himself from swearing .	2	Indefinite
237 - Minimum number of misleading statements on Iraq made by top Bush administration officials between 2002 and January 2004 , according to the California Representative Henry Waxman .	23	Definite
You need either a filter for each device except the DSL modem , or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks , except the one which the DSL modem connects .	28	Definite
The bird scratched his arm rather badly .	0	Definite
In Tulsa you will find old west charm as well as a cosmopolitan atmosphere .	11	Indefinite
His delight in killing people became a campaign issue in 2000 when he seemed , in one debate , to enjoy the prospect of executing wrong - doers a little too much .	6	Indefinite
Also , the top of the salary range for a specialist is 66 k .	5	Definite
A youthful black official at passport control said uncertainly , Just a minute .	11	Indefinite
Just keep a window open for a while for fresh air to circulate .	2	Indefinite
But challenges , and the songs that score them , add a connective , traceable nervous system to the writhing mass of grainy video loops .	4	Definite
An insurgency against The Church of Scientology . "	0	Indefinite
Just because you have a male and female , it can not be guaranteed the two mated .	14	Definite
It had known and served all the men of whom the nation is proud , from Sir Francis Drake to Sir John Franklin , knights all , titled and untitled – the great knights-errant of the sea .	35	Definite
We took our vehicle in for a repair to the air conditioning .	6	Indefinite
New Zealand 's Prime Minister John Key said he believes redesigning the flag now has a " strong rationale " .	11	Definite
I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again , I 'll definitely order a steak .	3	Definite
The Treaty of London , signed on 30 May 1913 , partitioned significant part of territory claimed by Albania , regardless its ethnic composition , between the Balkan allies reducing the territory of Albania to its central regions .	26	Definite
Articles in peer-reviewed academic journals including Social Science & Medicine have characterized homeopathy as a form of quackery .	14	Indefinite
Perhaps you are willing to recommend this site and , if you have a website , place a link on your website .	17	Indefinite
Now , NASA engineers and astronauts are almost giddy with " go " fever as the tentative date for the first launch since the Columbia disaster approaches .	19	Definite
Sure Google , although this would put it on coarse for global domination of the internet by 2014 .	14	Definite
Empty the pockets .	1	Definite
I have done a fair amount of metal casting , but never tried to build my own furnace , but I think your version is just too small and does n't get hot enough .	3	Indefinite
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company ' Moore Noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics .	21	Indefinite
But then you must remember the aim of our proposal .	5	Definite
Mishima espoused a very individual brand of nationalism towards the end of his life .	2	Indefinite
The terms of office of the Members thus appointed shall expire at the same time as those of the Members in office at the time of accession .	23	Definite
A tall Puerto Rican man in a white cardboard chef 's hat stood behind the counter .	14	Definite
This was after I brought the car !!!! !	5	Definite
According to the Pakistan reports , Aafia Siddiqui was detained after being spotted at Karachi International airport ( after she was followed to a relative 's house ) .	23	Indefinite
So there is a lot of hurry - up pressure on the Senate to give its prompt vote of approval .	3	Indefinite
He shooed the shocked Masons back into the dining room , promised Harry he would flay him to within an inch of his life when the Masons had left , and handed him a mop .	19	Indefinite
This is in also line with Recital ( 7 ) of the Pericles Decision .	11	Definite
Hair parted , brushed , oiled , under a green-lined parasol held in a big white hand .	13	Indefinite
The last two nights I have dreamed of dogs in trouble .	0	Definite
The papers found at headquarters of the Mukhabarat , Iraq 's secret police , show that an entourage from Al Qaeda group was sent to the Iraqi capital in March 1998 from Sudan .	16	Indefinite
These standards should clearly indicate the relationship between their clauses and the requirements dealt with .	5	Definite
You anticipate upsizing your application in the future to an Access project and want to create queries that will run with minimal changes in a Microsoft SQL Server database .	9	Indefinite
In line with the above analysis and in the light of the conclusions of the evaluator of Pericles , this Communication is accompanied by a proposal for the adaptation and continuation of Pericles .	27	Definite
Just said i was inoperable and walked out of the hospital room .	9	Definite
so i live in Invercargill New Zealand and i want to know if there are any good places to buy an ice - cream sundae from other than mc donald s lol	20	Indefinite
The forum is expected to be invited testimony only .	0	Definite
The Palestinian militant organisation Hamas has announced an end to rocket attacks on Israel from the Gaza Strip after a weekend of escalating violence .	0	Definite
I am GEORGE WALKER BUSH , son of the former president of the United States of America George Herbert Walker Bush , and currently serving as President of the United States of America .	28	Definite
Google the term or find photography supplies websites and put it in the search box ( or look for studio equipment supplies ) .	12	Definite
Northeast of Temescal and near the Berkeley border lies Rockridge , a neighborhood mixed with family friendly and artistic vibes .	11	Indefinite
i also think the National Endowment for the Arts is a waste , but i guess i would rather see my money go to the NEA than NASA .	10	Indefinite
The ruins were later built over .	0	Definite
It had ceased to be a blank space of delightful mystery – a white patch for a boy to dream gloriously over .	12	Indefinite
A PivotTable list is an interactive table that you can use to analyze data dynamically from within a Web browser .	17	Indefinite
Joseph Darnand , who became an SS officer and led the Milice paramilitaries who hunted down members of the Resistance , was executed in October 1945 .	5	Indefinite
Open a blank ' notepad ' file and place your cursor at the top of the blank page .	12	Definite
The rooms are SO clean , the managers / owners are the nicest people , the place feels so homey , and the location and grounds are beautiful .	0	Definite
October 4 , ENA orientation in the am .	6	Definite
I am looking for a position that can utilize my software development and mathematical skills .	4	Indefinite
The code name for the project was called Oracle ( the CIA saw this as the system to give answers to all questions or something such ) .	15	Definite
Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day .	6	Definite
In the second book I made another experiment .	1	Definite
" What we know is that he 's always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their enemies , " former CIA OBL unit counter terrorism chief Michael Scheuer has said .	12	Indefinite
The price spikes pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need and want an easy way out .	0	Definite
But poverty and ignorance can thwart even the best intentions .	7	Definite
Le Cousin Pons ( 1847 ) and La Cousine Bette ( 1848 ) tell the story of Les Parents Pauvres ( The Poor Relations ) .	21	Definite
I 'm looking to visit India with some mates at the beginning of February next year and I am wandering what standard of accommodation we could get for Rs 500 per person per night .	10	Definite
After talking with Professors Titman , Ronn , Brown and Jemison , I was sure that the School was the right place to get the education I was looking for .	19	Definite
The point is -- FHS gives you the opportunity to make it to a good college , but you need to work hard .	0	Definite
" While we do n't have anything specific to announce today , Google and the Wikimedia Foundation are collaboratively evaluating creative ways to support Wikipedia.org and its community . "	14	Definite
His early plays were mainly comedies and histories , genres he raised to the peak of sophistication and artistry by the end of the 16 th century .	13	Definite
You have n't replaced the District Commissioner by appointing a district magistrate .	9	Indefinite
The 2019 Winter Universiade will be hosted by Krasnoyarsk .	0	Definite
We came at around 730 and they close at 8 and wanted to try the specials but they were out for the day so I would say go way before they close .	21	Definite
In 1597 , he bought the second - largest house in Stratford , New Place , and in 1605 , he invested in a share of the parish tithes in Stratford .	5	Definite
How is the site doing ?	2	Definite
It appears the Company had received news that one of their captains had been killed in a scuffle with the natives .	19	Definite
We were standing in the store for 20 minutes to simply pick up an order .	4	Definite
I packed six loaves of flatbread , some olives , a hard cheese , one nice dress , walking clothes , my pills and glasses , a jug of wine , a can-teen of water , and a kitchen knife .	26	Indefinite
In an imperial decree the following month , Norton summoned the Army to depose the elected officials of the U.S. Congress :	14	Definite
I have to mention that i recently separated the father into another cage close to the ' nest cage ' because he and the mother were fighting .	8	Definite
The directive codifies the case law of the Court of Justice and ensures that it will be consistently applied .	7	Definite
You will notice that Questar has requested a " Payment Plan " that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events .	20	Definite
Joyce is a farmer who grows bananas , vegetables , and maize on a small plot of land in rural Tanzania .	2	Indefinite
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .	7	Definite
For the past 25 years landlocked Afghanistan has suffered from constant interference from its neighbours - Pakistan , Iran and the Central Asian Republics - and regional powers - Russia and India .	1	Definite
Using molecular genetic - engineering techniques , the British company Oxitec has created a new way to control the mosquito species that transmits dengue fever .	13	Indefinite
Having enjoyed a career peak at home in Australia , Geyer returned to live in Los Angeles in 1984 to concentrate on breaking into the musical scene there .	2	Indefinite
A number of minerals are not of much consequence .	0	Indefinite
With each breath , feel the muscles in your body becoming lighter and lighter , and also your external motor and sensory organs are feeling like they are withdrawing from the world into a special inner quietness .	33	Indefinite
I know it can take a while for results and did n't expect a miracle , but after 2 months I felt like it was not entirely worth the cost / time .	28	Definite
Everyone has the right to freedom of thought , conscience and religion ;	2	Definite
Similarly , when you delete the last custom group for a field , the custom group field is automatically deleted .	5	Definite
In my letter to Le Monde I had said that in the French tradition there were two attitudes toward the Jews : a revolutionary attitude which had resulted in their enfranchisement , and an anti-Semitic one .	22	Indefinite
Over time , the wolf 's absence seemed to rehabilitate its image .	3	Definite
These measures shall be taken during a period of three years following the date of accession and their application shall be limited to that period .	6	Indefinite
" The hardest blow on Americans , " concluded Roberts , " will fall when China does revalue its currency .	1	Definite
" Beijing may end up in a early 1990s Japan situation , where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them . "	23	Indefinite
For instance , you might say something like , " I do n't know why every song on the radio nowadays has a Texas Flynn feature . Does he even have time to record between rehab stints ? "	18	Definite
Please allow me to say that the present report can be judged very positively .	6	Definite
The blog aims to help address " a gap between scientists and ' the general public ' . "	7	Indefinite
A popular area on the weekend with a mixed vibe of hipster and hip hop .	0	Indefinite
Regarding how long the beverage will be made available , Stan remarked to The Brooklyn Paper , " We 'll keep it around until he ’s irrelevant . I hope he ’s there the whole way " .	33	Definite
The doctor , a woman I do n’t know , is sitting in the other chair .	3	Indefinite
Unfortunately , a family emergency required me to conquer this fear .	2	Indefinite
The real Lockhart was wearing robes of forget-me-not blue which exactly matched his eyes ; his pointed wizard 's hat was set at a jaunty angle on his wavy hair .	23	Indefinite
All arguments that the Bush administration would be insane to attack Iran and risk a global conflagration for the sake of political cover run into one unavoidable truth .	18	Definite
The administrator of the SQL Server can also add additional security by changing the default SA account password .	3	Definite
I interrupted him by saying I had heard of Mr. Kurtz on the coast .	12	Definite
Please let me know how your organization can help the Enron employees feel safer about the safeguard of their SS number .	15	Definite
As a result , a population of just over 100,000 in 1950 has given way to a 2014 estimate of 1,537,058 ( with the metro area estimated at 4,489,109 ) .	23	Definite
Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under John 's name ( if so , to whom will the letter be sent ) ?	2	Indefinite
# 2 the decor is tasteful and artistic , from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixtures .... and ( most importantly ) # 3 the food is FANTASTIC .	14	Definite
He also runs the AntyScience blog .	3	Definite
The man who followed could only be his father .	0	Definite
He found his red notebook , sat down at his desk , and wrote steadily for the next two hours .	16	Definite
They wear extremely loud shirts , blue-green sprigged with red berries , but they strike me as good fellows and are neat and nimble about the table .	25	Definite
Despite the aftershocks I would recommend going to Christchurch , just for the experience and then you can see first hand how things get effected by earthquakes .	12	Definite
He stood at the sink , drinking cold water and looking at the avocado pear pip growing suspended by three matchsticks in the neck of a pickle jar of water on the sill .	22	Definite
One of the most famous plants is the dragon 's blood tree “ dracaena cinnabara ” which exists only on Socotra and nowhere else on the Earth .	25	Definite
I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee 's position in connection with the enforcement / nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking .	27	Definite
The data outline displays a tree view of the data model of a data access page .	4	Indefinite
The current SQL Server user must be a member of the System Administrator role .	10	Definite
Of the metal music farce , Ministry has definately made in - road into ' Loose Change " - " Alex Jones " territory with their new record , Rio Grande Blood .	1	Definite
The reason Mr Koch produced his sound report was because the work in the CEN and within the United Nations Economic Commission was proceeding none too expeditiously .	13	Definite
For heaven 's sake , let them have it , it 's someone else 's turn to burn the midnight oil there , now ...	18	Definite
Damascus has been intent for years upon establishing significant military strength to serve as a counterweight to Israel 's overwhelming capabilities .	14	Indefinite
The ACIA -- with participation by the United States , Canada , Denmark , Finland , Iceland , Norway , the Russian Federation and Sweden -- was begun in 2000 .	0	Definite
The Ideation	0	Definite
Spend a minute or so concentrating on your breath , feeling the air flowing through your nostrils .	1	Indefinite
Everything they claim is a lie , and this above all .	4	Indefinite
Both the Irving Independent School District and the Irving Police Department have asserted that the boy 's religion and name were not a factor in the manner in which they approached the situation .	25	Definite
Balzac transferred this to his descriptions of the Pension Vauquer in Le Père Goriot , making the wallpaper speak of the identities of those living inside .	16	Definite
also i was wondering , is it true that the bigger the speakers are the better .	14	Definite
The liq value for the call is CORRECT .	4	Definite
And there are an estimated 200,000 cases of yellow fever annually , leading to 30,000 deaths worldwide .	3	Indefinite
They provide an emotional infrastructure for atrocities .	2	Indefinite
Flowers blooming create a hormone change which dramatically reduces the flavor of the leaves , as well as reducing the amount of foliage which grows .	12	Definite
Ordinarily , George would come in around noon ; he would ordinarily leave around 5:30 or 6:00 in the evening .	18	Definite
A little birdie told me that you were checking into tickets for Seoul .	0	Indefinite
There are 2 more located outside of the main continent with Alaska way to the north and Hawaii in the Pacific .	7	Definite
It is also a fact that almost everybody in the region blames this situation on the United States , on Israel , on Western Civilization , on Judaism and Christianity , on anyone and anything , except themselves .	15	Definite
I have known him for only a few years but he has become a dear friend .	13	Indefinite
Balance died in 2004 after a ' fall . '	5	Indefinite
Indeed , the implementation of certain policies is rooted in the assumption that discrimination and biases are , at least to some appreciable amount , present in modern society .	2	Definite
The blacks ' dirty work is n't any cleaner than the whites ' .	10	Definite
It is therefore also being requested that ISO 9002 certificates possibly include the finer details of these activities in the form of annual reports and company analyses .	19	Definite
The Yerba Buena Garden was built at the beginning of the 1990s on the roof of the Moscone North Convention Center .	16	Definite
$ 101 m - Amount Lay made from selling his Enron shares just before the company went bankrupt .	14	Definite
Its struggle against the Ottoman Empire in the Mediterranean Sea put serious limits on the military power it could deploy against the rebels in the Netherlands .	7	Definite
When is the wedding ?	2	Definite
An ATM and currency exchange are available at Havana airport , but these facilities are not as reliable in Cuba as in other places .	0	Indefinite
It is possible when the matter is raised with the Committee on Petitions .	4	Definite
In order to mark any 2000 income , we will need to get CRRA to execute the Development Agreement in 2000 .	16	Definite
President Santer rightly pointed out that financial reform is one of the main pillars of Agenda 2000 .	11	Definite
Some time ago we debated about giving the rights to artists who sell their artwork .	7	Definite
This is an issue which affects aspects of everyday life .	2	Indefinite
The poster wrote that " Prompted I think by the Tom Cruise video , a new obsession is taking hold on the internet .	21	Definite
" Our new lunar transportation system utilizes a unique architecture that will establish the equivalent of a two - way highway between the Earth and the Moon , " Kistler told SPACE.com .	16	Indefinite
The same everywhere , now .	0	Definite
Most of you may not know that fungi were the first organisms to come to land .	9	Definite
You can find all sorts of fresh food and get a really delicious , fresh sashimi / sushi lunch upstairs .	10	Indefinite
By the time it was over , Bush had served nearly two years .	1	Definite
Alternatively , you can take the M1 all the way to the A64 , but the upper reaches of the M1 around Sheffield and Leeds can get very congested , especially in the rush hours .	11	Definite
Madam President , Mrs Díez González and I had tabled questions on certain opinions of the Vice - President , Mrs De Palacio , which appeared in a Spanish newspaper .	27	Indefinite
We just moved to a town outside Philly a couple of months back so I 'm not an expert on the area .	17	Indefinite
For example , in recent years Italy has had problems in utilising the Structural Funds , mainly because of excessive bureaucracy , insufficient information and a lack of involvement of economic and social operators at local level .	25	Indefinite
Recall how a few years ago , just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers , the financial sector prided itself on its innovativeness .	15	Definite
( it 's all outdoors and the pictures are only a fourth of the real Everland ! )	6	Definite
The history is written with red ink .	0	Definite
Judge Samuel Alito is very highly qualified by all of the normal standards used to evaluate candidates for this position :	10	Definite
My skylight was making a horrible noise when the wind blew .	8	Definite
According to many scientists , the early results of global warming — 90 degree Fahrenheit water temperatures in the Gulf and rising sea levels — may have exacerbated the destructive power of Katrina .	18	Definite
Whereas , trying to translate and grapple with wordy meanings is an intellectual mechanism - an analytical process .	15	Indefinite
The report 's authors say iodine deficiency is " the sleeper health issue in Australia " , and potentially a very serious one .	19	Indefinite
The square is the largest historical public square in the world after Tiananmen Square in Beijing and it is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .	3	Definite
* Preserves a rate differential between the Redwood and Baja paths , although somewhat less than the current differential . *	6	Definite
Therefore , I need to know ASAP if there are any problems with the draft as written .	13	Definite
He crossed the lawn , slumped down on the garden bench , and sang under his breath : " Happy birthday to me . happy birthday to me "	2	Definite
Imagine the tension melting away as you continue breathing rhythmically and naturally .	1	Definite
I would appreciate it if you could get this one fixed today and , if you have any problem with changing the GCP procedure , please let me know .	21	Definite
are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday ?	4	Definite
He felt himself the middle-aged relative , a man of vague repute come from afar to the wedding and drawn helplessly and not unenjoyably into everything .	3	Definite
Proposal for a COUNCIL DECISION amending and extending Council Decision of 17 December 2001 establishing an exchange , assistance and training programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting ( the " Pericles " programme ) .	15	Indefinite
We have updated our site to include a LOST and FOUND page and you can now join our branch and make a secure on - line donation to the charity .	28	Definite
Today 's announcement is an affront to the thousands of dedicated men and women at Johnson Space Center , the greater Houston community and the State of Texas , and I m deeply disappointed with the Administration 's misguided decision .	7	Definite
NOTE : You may want to retain every name and address sent to you , either on a computer or hard copy and keep the notes people send you .	17	Indefinite
The Chair has already stated that the proposal was made in accordance with the Rules , so there are no grounds for changing anything .	13	Definite
A silver swarm coalesces around the 164th , and she vanishes into it , like a snip of scallion into cloudy miso soup .	0	Indefinite
Then it 's real easy to call Ben Taub to find out a room number .? The address is below .?	12	Indefinite
On the other hand , external history contains references to the history of Spanish speakers , their historical vicissitudes and the social use of the language .	1	Definite
I left with a case of BRAWLER !!!! !	3	Indefinite
The island provides a home to eleven indigenous bird species and contains Mt. Talau national park , with some of the limited remaining native vegetation .	0	Definite
The request of the municipalities results from the sentence of the Italian Supreme Court of Cassation on July 8 , recognising as legitimate the request of the Municipality of Livorno asking religious schools to pay property taxes .	23	Definite
( 16 ) Priority should be given to alternative courses of action such as self-regulation by the industry where such action is likely to deliver the policy objectives faster or in a less costly manner than mandatory requirements .	25	Definite
Got the tile ripped out , call today , now all the sudden this grinder wo n't leave a finished look AND it 's $ 125 PLUS around $ 75 for the inserts .	1	Definite
If a pair is n't leaving eggs ... check the following :	9	Definite
Professor Eastman says iodine is added to only 10 per cent of Australian salt in contravention of a World Health Organisation recommendation that all salt be iodised .	17	Indefinite
The below site from the US government verifies this - it 's the same for Canada , too .....	0	Definite
Having been a psychologist for a number of years gives me a leg up on it .	2	Indefinite
We just did a deal for the rest of the month for 10,000 / d at meter # 1552 QE - 1 @ $ 4.355 .... can you let me and Robert Lloyd know what the sitara # is ?	6	Definite
So I do not have a supplementary question , I just want to register my protest .	5	Indefinite
We wait for a few minutes .	3	Indefinite
A level that in both cases is at the top of the EU .	0	Indefinite
They phoned the same day , confirmed it was the gearbox quoted me the job , I gave the go ahead .	2	Definite
As an overview , this proposal : * Maintains the basic Gas Accord structure in place today for the period 2003 to 2007 . *	9	Definite
is a start tag and is an end tag which together describe an element of data , in this case , the customer 's name .	6	Indefinite
Based on how CRRA reacts , I would make an ultimate determination if the agreement needs to be attached to the LOI .	20	Definite
Can we get some help on the IBM issues ?	6	Definite
The following illustration shows how the PivotTable view will look after the captions of the custom group field and custom groups have been changed .	11	Definite
The moisture in the pad will provide enough nutrients for roots to grow .	0	Definite
The only hope now is that , following the elections , the National Assembly would offer the hand of peace and reconciliation to the dissenting parties .	8	Definite
The market in agricultural products is therefore no longer linked exclusively to price , but to the region .	0	Definite
Neither the ISO board , which had established the price cap , nor the governor learned of Winter 's actions until the cap had been removed .	13	Definite
I 'd go back if I could get the last minute rate again of $ 99 , but I would n't pay their rack rate .	8	Definite
Interim Palestinian leader and the front - runner in the upcoming Jan. 9 , 2005 presidential election Mahmoud Abbas talks during his first official campaign speech in the West Bank town of Ramallah , Saturday Dec. 25 , 2004 .	4	Definite
Whereas recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom , justice and peace in the world ;	3	Definite
The real purpose of my call , however , is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol .	23	Definite
The word renaissance ( Rinascimento in Italian ) means “ rebirth ” , and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that Renaissance humanists labelled the Dark Ages .	36	Definite
and it will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places , i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go . :D	29	Definite
This is referred to in the emblem and when you hear the dwellers of Łódź ( łodzianin ( man ) łodzianka ( woman ) łodzianie ( plural ) ) calling themselves " the boat people " .	5	Definite
The anger has spread throughout the Muslim world , including Iraq .	0	Definite
Mrs. Wentz had put down her food and she sat back out of the light of the fire , a big face glimmering in the dark , caverns where the eyes were .	24	Definite
There were no other options available ( I only brought my check card to cover any overage cost ) and she rang it up and applied it to the gift card before telling me about the tip policy .	28	Definite
You can resize a control by using the sizing handles , or you can resize a control to the height or width of another control .	18	Definite
The sun had come round and the curtains glowed like the sky above a fire .	6	Definite
Not once did I feel listened to like they actually cared about what I wanted , all they were interested in was me signing a contract right then and there .	24	Indefinite
The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States .	17	Indefinite
It put hair on my chest and thanks to the owner s advice I invested vanguard , got myself a woman like Jerry , and became a republican .	19	Indefinite
Tindi Kente is a wonderful dancer , wonderful , is n't she ... just like a snake brought out by music , and sometimes he 'll try with her .	3	Indefinite
The call will feature a host of other field leaders , and our founder and CEO , Glen Jensen .	0	Definite
The man told him that a war between the two universes is coming , as he and Walter had predicted ; it is for this reason that Olivia , among others , was trained as a child .	0	Definite
Bird and butterfly watchers are seeing many , many new species coming up from Mexico and the Caribbean . "	16	Definite
Civil Defense Authority director General Suleiman al-Amr , in remarks to al-Ikhbariya television , said " All those who were wounded and the dead have been taken to hospital . There are no casualties left at the location . "	22	Definite
Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates .	14	Definite
Depending on the election year --	2	Definite
You order at the counter and there is a space for tip on your credit card receipt .	3	Definite
Beer a bit expensive .	1	Indefinite
The occupation of Iraq has become a guerrilla war , a siege that has lasted more than a thousand days .	6	Indefinite
I want to take a cruise around the world .	7	Definite
Some of the corporate also get cheap air tickets because they tie up with some of the airlines for a certain period based on the discount and services they get from the airlines .	2	Definite
At the Olympic Games in 2004 in Athens , Ulrich , as winner of the street race , pursued the goal of winning his second gold medal .	19	Definite
Her flat cloth slippers were propped up on a foot-warmer , and a cat reposed on her lap .	8	Indefinite
Mr Key promoted the campaign for a unique New Zealand flag on Waitangi Day - February 6 - this year .	3	Definite
If You create a Derivative Work , upon notice from any Licensor You must , to the extent practicable , remove from the Derivative Work any reference to such Licensor or the Original Author , as requested .	16	Definite
The weekend was perfect in every way , in large part to Sue and her great staff .	0	Definite
They are the only place I would take my car peiod .	2	Definite
The southeast is the driest , enjoying a more continental climate .	3	Definite
The Rupertsberg cloister was destroyed during the Thirty Years ' War in 1632 by Swedish troops .	0	Definite
Iraq , however , remains a possible source of the Ames .	5	Indefinite
The weather varies enormously from one season to the next .	0	Definite
The story had brillant battle scenes , lovable heroes and villians , a compelling story line , and it left me dying for the next part of the series :) go to taleofterra.com to learn more aboout it	27	Definite
i have not gotten a good response so i think shanna and i are going to stay in town .	4	Indefinite
$ 5 m - Amount a 1996 federal commission was given to study legalised gambling .	5	Indefinite
But who would do a thing like that .... hey wait a minute	4	Indefinite
It lists the record sources , fields , and calculated controls of a page .	2	Definite
If you move the line to the left , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line to the right remains constant , and the perpendicular line to the left of the moving line contracts .	3	Definite
As its " comeback ' has continued , the official moniker is now the New American City as Cleveland has rightfully earned the reputation as a model of effective public-private partnership for urban planning .	22	Definite
Grand Lake and Lakeshore both share a friendly , suburban sort of feel .	6	Indefinite
The flat-rate approach produces more risk of overcompensation , which is why we have set the margin at 2.6 -% .	0	Definite
Probing the ' palace coup '	1	Definite
However , they would never drive the car with me in it to prove their findings .	6	Definite
In the developing world , too , the vast majority of people have started to experience sustained improvement in living standards and are rapidly developing similar growth expectations .	7	Definite
Muslims are required to make a pilgrimage to Mecca during their lifetimes , if physically or financially possible , as it is one of the five pillars of the Islamic faith .	24	Definite
Reports from Port Blair make it evident that New Delhi gets little on - the - ground intelligence , and the Indian Coast Guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands .	20	Definite
Messages will not be delivered simultaneously to all users in the same domain , nor will they be delivered for two to five hours after they are sent by the message administrator .	29	Definite
Thus , the leaders in charge of Al Qaeda 's anthrax production program had a close connection to those imprisoned in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Center .	23	Definite
At times I suspect that the world would be glad to see the last of its Christianity , and that it is the persistency of the Jews that prevents it .	12	Definite
Separate the colors of Skittles that you want to flavor the vodka with .	10	Definite
Being a grocery shop , maintaining 5000 different products was a challenging job .	10	Indefinite
Finishing the largest item on your list of things to do will make you feel extra productive and give you the boost to do other things you ’ve been pushing to the side .	1	Definite
Those texts shall be authentic under the same conditions as the texts of the Treaty referred to in the first paragraph , drawn up in the present languages .	10	Definite
In the mid-town area the names are taken from colleges and college towns .	4	Definite
Throughout the twentieth century , the City of Cleveland proper was ranked as one of the 10 largest cities in the U.S. ( from 1890 until 1970 per US Census Bureau statistics ) .	15	Definite
XML makes it easier to transform the data from almost any external application for use by Access .	6	Definite
Also , an independent who does not claim to belong to either camp , Edward Yiu of the Architectural , Surveying , Planning and Landscape constituency , defeated his opponents and was elected .	2	Indefinite
I have posted this question on the NZ visa site and ca n't get any info , does anyone know .???	6	Definite
We were always having our water shut off , there were always people having parties at the pool , even after it was supposed to be closed .	16	Definite
After nearly half an hour , the team was deducted a point , leading to a sudden but temporary rush of success by the US team .	23	Definite
If you move the line upward , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line below remains constant , and the perpendicular line above the moving line contracts .	23	Definite
During the Post - Classic period in Yucatán a third system was in use .	1	Definite
As you sit above the world , the warmth of the golden sun penetrates your body and makes you feel warmer and warmer .	4	Definite
It was a bit experimenting connections between the language and the music and the psychology of people .	10	Definite
there will be talent and opportunity a plenty on the market soon .	9	Definite
It was a wrong number that started it , the telephone ringing three times in the dead of night , and the voice on the other end asking for someone he was not .	21	Definite
All aspects of the joke you tell , from the content to the length , need to be suited to your audience .	12	Definite
I wondered if anyone ever went back under the bleachers , if there were crickets or mice there .	8	Definite
The pizza is usually pretty good , the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more , but it was still good .	25	Indefinite
Pour the liquid mixture into the flour mixture .	1	Definite
On top of the fridge stood tonight 's pudding : a huge mound of whipped cream and sugared violets .	10	Indefinite
Those who were tripped were then crushed by the wave of people behind them .	8	Definite
On Thursday , the 3rd of November , the mayor of Saint - Gaudens ( in the Haute - Garonne region ) decided to suspend the urban development agreement with the government formed in 2014 .	16	Definite
Shakespeare has also inspired many painters , including the Romantics and the Pre - Raphaelites .	11	Definite
It is easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sings : " I 've got a feeling , a feeling I ca n't hide ... " in front of Yoko in the film .	20	Indefinite
When the pointer changes to a double-headed arrow , you can drag the line to a new location .	12	Definite
These states , as well as the Palestinian Authority , are the safe havens of the wholesale murder vendors .	15	Definite
The third problem is that of aging populations , an issue that would pose tough challenges even for the best - designed political system .	9	Indefinite
Following enlargement , this type of activity is likely to develop further , which is also in line with the recommendation of the Pericles evaluator .	22	Definite
In April — before the Swift boat veterans had said a word — Kerry said Bush “ has yet to explain to America whether or not , and tell the truth , about whether he showed up for duty . ”	4	Definite
In the Warren Jeffs cult he reassigns wives if the husband displeases him or to reward the new husband .	16	Definite
The content of these sessions should enable them to provide services to researchers and students , identify remaining gaps in knowledge or skills that they could address by self-directed learning and ( perhaps ) to automate their daily library work .	0	Definite
And not to belittle the process of creating the standards , the tough part ( and the real meat behind this ) will be an effective exception report on a global basis against these standards .	8	Definite
Worst experience ever like a sardine can and the bartender downstairs is the rudest person I have ever met .	4	Indefinite
The centerpiece of this rock concert-like performance is a 15 meter high rotating pig equipped with a fog machine , laser light show and theme music .	16	Indefinite
Gloria developed severe eczema at the age of four months and the parents were advised to send the child to a skin specialist .	5	Definite
With the help of debit card data , the Essen police are investigating four people who stood by and watched while a retiree died in a bank .	1	Definite
But I would like to say that safety is a priority objective for the Commission .	9	Indefinite
But without a legislative framework , and with the grassroots origins of pot as a mood - altering folk remedy , companies are left guessing .	14	Indefinite
can anybody tell me if the metro runs directly from CDG to montparnasse ?	5	Definite
Outstanding service & quality at a very affordable price !	5	Indefinite
The design of the model and its potential economics could be key to how worthy the effort might be .	0	Definite
Great , and probably the only West Indian spot worth hitting up in Nashville .	4	Definite
Critic W. H. Helm calls one " the French Dickens " and the other " the English Balzac " .	12	Definite
We walked back through the school because it was drizzling , my father tall in his navy suit and my shoes going click on the linoleum .	4	Definite
He was warned that they were building up a huge Army and would eventually launch an attack , but he ignored his military advisers .	15	Indefinite
Two years ago , Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf was surprised when the leader of the main Islamist alliance -- Maulana Fazlur Rahman -- visited India and issued a series of highly conciliatory statements .	27	Indefinite
Where several versions of a play survive , each differs from the other .	11	Definite
A young black man with sunglasses and a thick , springy mat of hair shaped to a crew-cut by topiary rather than barbering had cut through the crowd with the encircling movement of authority .	26	Definite
When you export a table to an XML document , you can also export related tables .	3	Indefinite
If they 're nice to your face , but talk bad about you behind your back like it 's their favourite hobby , then they probably have a problem with pride .	27	Indefinite
More than 5.7 million Floridians have already hit the polls after about two weeks of in - person early voting .	8	Definite
To view and modify the contents of a PivotTable view by using Excel , you can export the PivotTable view to Excel .	17	Definite
A Definite No	0	Indefinite
For forms and reports , this file is saved in an XML-based language called ReportML which provides presentation data as well as a data model for creating a data access page .	22	Indefinite
The actual author is Johann Valentin Andreae , whose name did n’t appear on the book originally , thus ensuring the confusion .	14	Definite
and one of the workshops led to a proposal , by Member States , for a Council recommendation .	15	Indefinite
I applied to get a student visa to study in Canada , I received one that is valid until October of 2015 .	4	Indefinite
If you want a wharf berthage then call the local harbour master as you near the Chathams and he will sort you out .	8	Definite
But I was not pleased to read the description in the catalog : " No good in a bed , but fine against a wall . "	23	Indefinite
In the three years I have been here , I am unaware of an ENA / ECT bad faith claim against any insurance company .	1	Definite
Wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature of California 's market structure makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit .	18	Indefinite
In George Orwell 's influential novel " 1984 " doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as " war is peace " .	15	Definite
Daniel Montalvo , 19 , a member of Scientology all his life , was arrested after leaving its elite group the Sea Org .	5	Indefinite
I was looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an opportunity to buy back the calls you sold .	4	Definite
He was an unshaven little man in a threadbare coat like a gaberdine , with his feet in slippers , and I thought him a harmless fool .	7	Indefinite
The bronze medal is given to people who " risk their lives to an extraordinary degree while saving or attempting to save the lives of others . "	13	Indefinite
She 's a very fun girl .	2	Indefinite
He worked on the news and current affairs side of radio and TV for decades .	3	Definite
The Agel compensation plan includes the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it .	5	Definite
Here is a product page from a company that makes mold making materials	6	Indefinite
This provides a way of transforming an XML document 's presentation information from a source format to a target format and back again .	6	Indefinite
On the third landing , a door stood ajar .	5	Indefinite
There were things in the shadows ; a metal pail , a mop , rags .	4	Definite
The man was looking at him , even studying him , and if recognition did not flicker across his face , it still held something more than a blank stare .	27	Indefinite
Today the quarter still has many Armenian Churches , an Armenian school , shops and Armenian residents .	9	Indefinite
Rebecca Edwards had just told Neil Bayley that Felix Pasilis , the Pettigrews ' Greek friend , was furious with her because she 'd forgotten some essential herb that he wanted for his sheep ...	11	Definite
The cool breezes from the Gulf of Mexico drift into Mérida in the evenings and this is when many of the residents spend their time outdoors .	20	Definite
Aquiriums are good also , but provide a mesh top for an easy airway .	11	Indefinite
Flowers blooming create a hormone change which dramatically reduces the flavor of the leaves , as well as reducing the amount of foliage which grows .	19	Definite
Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population have been destroyed , with some used as building material and others as urinals .	7	Definite
The introduction of interim targets increases the predictability of the policy , allows for accommodating product development cycles and facilitates long term planning for interested parties .	9	Definite
There was n't even a shed there , and she was shelling the bush .	4	Indefinite
It is a glorious idea . I know the wife of a very high personage in the Administration , and also a man who has lots of influence with , &c. , &c .	11	Indefinite
I had immense pain on a Sunday morning , with friends and family telling me that I would never find a Dentist on a Sunday .	5	Indefinite
Bush received an honorable discharge after serving five years , four months and five days of his original six - year commitment .	2	Indefinite
I also wish I 'd applied for a scholarship .	7	Indefinite
Sometimes you can make a bad decision very quickly , then regret it for many years to come .	4	Indefinite
The president was a lieutenant and Archibald had been a lieutenant , too ; he figured they had something to talk about .	9	Indefinite
Pictures in a form or report are converted to bitmaps and placed in a folder named " Images " .	13	Indefinite
Questar may be able to purchase material , but some of the items can have up to a 60 day delivery .	11	Definite
Each XML document must have a unique root element ( an element encompassing the entire document ) .	10	Indefinite
Another 18 th - century story has Shakespeare starting his theatrical career minding the horses of theatre patrons in London .	0	Indefinite
It looks as if Hamas has thrown in the towel for this round , unable to take the beating the Israeli Defense Forces have unleashed upon this terrorist group .	19	Definite
Parking spaces are just big enough for a Mini Cooper .	7	Indefinite
Yes , there is a 100 year - old Israeli - Arab conflict , but it is not where the main show is .	4	Indefinite
Unless the tank has a built in overflow box ( which I 'm certain it does n't ) then you have to get one of those hang on back overflow boxes so that you can install a sump .	1	Definite
They were by no means the only ones making their way to the bookshop .	5	Definite
As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now .	4	Definite
Start off with the highly frequently used words such as ' and ' or ' I ' or ' one ' or ' the ' .	3	Definite
If you want an attorney who will defend your right , contact Law Offices of Armando Villega	3	Indefinite
So that , as they say in Chicago , is where the smart money is .	11	Definite
Short time later the guy would leave , then the girl .	3	Definite
I would suggest not avoiding Second Home based on the ' bad experience ' review .	9	Definite
Directive 96/96/EC established the principle that commercial road vehicles must undergo an annual roadworthiness test at an approved testing centre .	16	Indefinite
" It is very dangerous for this country to condone the overthrow of democratically elected governments , " said David Leavy , spokesman for the National Security Council .	24	Definite
This drawing up was the founding act of Roman law , the institutions of the Roman Republic and the mos maiorum .	4	Definite
We know that he had once been married , had once been a father , and that both his wife and son were now dead .	12	Indefinite
I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee 's position in connection with the enforcement / nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking .	33	Definite
It is the only cycle to be preserved in purpose-built surroundings in the UK , and one of very few of its kind in the world .	12	Definite
Take the 20 seconds to use a couple twist ties on the fasteners to make sure they do n’t come loose .	1	Definite
In the foreground , facing the magazine rack , a young student stood with an open magazine in his hands , staring at a picture of a naked woman .	26	Indefinite
THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to " breathe " .	2	Definite
Do you think this is a revival of the Left in the West ?	8	Definite
For the sake of mankind , you should email our verdict to your friends .	1	Definite
3 When you filter a field , the drop-down arrow Field arrow for the filtered field changes to blue instead of black , and the AutoFilter button on the toolbar is selected .	7	Definite
Isfahan International Airport or Isfahan Shahid Beheshti ( IATA : IFN ) was a military air base before the revolution .	13	Indefinite
Enron could be an ideal environment from which to the concept enhancement through to commercialization could be successfully accomplished .	3	Indefinite
Although the city was not destroyed in the aftermath , the material losses were serious as the machinery , raw materials and finished goods were taken away by the fleeing Nazis .	10	Definite
it 's got the character of the miners ' pub it was , but it 's very handy for the new government offices , not too overawing , so you get quite a few Africans coming in .	6	Definite
you even talk to them , your rep will be trashed on all the major servers .	13	Definite
The first phase , she said , will demonstrate the capability of a multi-compartment spacecraft that will leave a test module in orbit when the two fliers return to Earth .	9	Definite
I 'm going to show you six , if I can , solutions for helping to save the world .	17	Definite
The centre of the falls is known locally as ‘ Garganta Del Diablo ’ ( The Devil ’s Throat ) , where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air .	3	Definite
In about forty-five seconds I found myself again in the waiting-room with the compassionate secretary , who , full of desolation and sympathy , made me sign some document .	9	Definite
From childhood to old age they remained the same , and a man with the head to see it could theoretically look into the eyes of a boy in a photograph and recognize the same person as an old man .	29	Indefinite
Things started to change in October 1777 when British forces under the command of General John Burgoyne surrendered in Saratoga in the north of the state of New York .	11	Definite
What are some cool ideas for making a postor usint the word MAD on a white paper in a weird or artsy way ?	10	Definite
Can you accept that the road we are travelling points toward a grim and painful future ?	4	Definite
I am going to try and study aboard but idk where I can go I can not decide where do you think would be the best place to go ?	24	Definite
In 1928 , a 90 - hectare golf course was built in the north - eastern part of the park , next to the racetrack .	3	Indefinite
For our comparison we sailed on two similar ships - the Carnival Liberty and the Royal Caribbean Mariner of the Seas .	14	Definite
There 's no other candidate – since he is the only one who accompanies Don Quixote on all his adventures .	9	Definite
Put the leash on the dog and just walk around the crate a few times .	4	Definite
We would still keep the 20,000,000 line referenced in Schedule B of the POA agreement .	4	Definite
Hair parted , brushed , oiled , under a green-lined parasol held in a big white hand .	8	Indefinite
Without knowing the exact poison , no .	2	Definite
It is a limestone island with heights up to 213 m in the west .	12	Definite
Drug abuse can affect the ability of the person to feel deep emotions like empathy .	4	Definite
Of the public process , he said , " In the end I 'll have one vote in each referendum just like every other New Zealander on the electoral roll " .	27	Definite
And outside , the silent wilderness surrounding this cleared speck on the earth struck me as something great and invincible , like evil or truth , waiting patiently for the passing away of this fantastic invasion .	3	Definite
In a Hadith the Messenger of Allah explains that the souls of the martyrs are in the hearts of green birds that fly wherever they please in the Paradise .	9	Definite
The desk agent actually argued with me , claiming that no such alarm had gone off ( as if I would make that up ? ) .	0	Definite
You can view or edit the contents of the file in any text editor .	8	Definite
This means we wo n't be in town for the Compaq thing .	9	Definite
Nina Leopold Bradley , a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer Aldo Leopold , published a 1999 paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on her 61 - year uninterrupted phenological records .	17	Indefinite
It is the attention to detail and the quality of the work taught at TomiPilates that sets this studio apart from the others .	21	Definite
I thought to get a decent pizza the only way was at a fancy restaurant , and I have to get a whole pie .	4	Indefinite
When you delete a custom group that is not the last custom group in the field , the deleted group 's members automatically move to the Other group .	14	Definite
Stapled to the pen was a little white paper flag , one side of which read : This good article is the Courtesy of a DEAF MUTE .	5	Indefinite
In this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to transact on EnronOnline almost a month after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now complaining .	16	Indefinite
Anyway , I got you message , and I got the World Series thing ( although I had already received	10	Definite
You take a boat across the river , then spend a day biking , eating at a local restaurant , buying souvenirs and doing other things that are geared towards tourists .	2	Indefinite
They shut the owl in the paint locker while they debated what to do with it , and in the night John set it free .	19	Definite
The Internal Revenue Service of the United States of America will function as our trusted intermediary .	5	Definite
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	20	Indefinite
Comparison of a crosstab and a select query	5	Indefinite
How has Katrina changed the US ?	4	Definite
Using the Save As command on the File menu will save a data access page that is similar in appearance and functionality to the original report .	1	Definite
Occasionally , after poring over an object in this way , Stillman would toss it back onto the sidewalk . But more often than not he would open his bag and lay the object gently inside it .	32	Definite
The following is an example of a well-formed XML document :	6	Indefinite
In a statement , Governor of Washington Chris Gregoire said , " The Museum of Flight put a tremendous amount of effort into landing a retired shuttle in the Pacific Northwest .	1	Indefinite
This is unlikely as they said that even the first training item was said well .	8	Definite
For my part , I feel that the negotiations were balanced and that they open the way for achieving a sustainable market .	19	Indefinite
The paint becomes exhausted , the city encroaches with its soot , the plaster crumbles within .	5	Definite
By the 7th century BC , social unrest had become widespread , and the Areopagus appointed Draco to draft a strict new law code ( hence " draconian " ) .	1	Definite
There are electronic units sold that emit an ultrasonic beeping sound that rodents hate .	7	Indefinite
They walked me through all the steps involved in the the installation project so that there were no surprises .	9	Definite
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great atmosphere , amazing food , and great customer service !	10	Indefinite
Give him a call tommorow .	2	Indefinite
The theatre is in an old brick warehouse , which is a block away from the Flying Squirrels stadium .	4	Indefinite
The layout of a chart does not have to include all fields that are available from the source data .	16	Definite
Visualizations as a helpful beginning technique	2	Indefinite
Reading The Sound and the Fury last night , I came upon words in Compson 's thought that belonged to E E Cummings and the thirties , not to the year 1910 .	24	Definite
It ’s important that the joke ’s target ( the most basic element of your material ) be suited to your audience .	4	Definite
The only difference we had was for package V02 .	0	Definite
In 1709 , Rowe passed down a tradition that Shakespeare played the ghost of Hamlet 's father .	11	Definite
Have both of the teams turn around and have the referee throw it into the grass or pitch while the teams are n't looking .	19	Definite
The best value I 've found from a Chinese restaurant .	0	Definite
Outsourcing these responsibilities would be a wise alternative , considering the accomplishments of the private sector regarding the space elevator .	5	Indefinite
( 3 ) The will of the people shall be the basis of the authority of government ;	6	Definite
If anyone has any questions on the above please let me know .	6	Definite
We have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose .	2	Indefinite
The following illustration shows the data outline for the Orders page .	8	Definite
A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and the Middle East .	7	Indefinite
( The mixing of religion and militarism is a whole other topic .... )	1	Definite
It 's of no use to me . Quinn looked around the apartment and gestured vaguely .	11	Definite
The correction to the working gas includes TWO corrections .	0	Definite
I mean , is the problem national , say between Jews and Arabs ; or is it a matter of generations between an old age and a new age ?	17	Indefinite
" So far , it 's the Internet : 1 , Scientology : 0 . But it 's a long game . " - Matthew Ingram	18	Indefinite
The main ingredients of the Santorum drink include vodka of an orange citrus variety , Baileys Irish Cream , and Angostura bitters .	0	Definite
Security in the hotel seemed to be excellent , but we were never given an explanation as to why someone would open these items .	14	Indefinite
Installing the Office Web Components	1	Definite
I went from a pain scale of 8 - 9 to 0 and I was able to run in the Crim just a week later !!	22	Indefinite
In my experience the food has been excellent ( for the most part ) .	3	Definite
I need a new lawnmower , so I 'll try to bump it up a little more .	14	Indefinite
I knew I had found the real deal , big pies , sold by the slice , with the pizzas sitting under the glass in the front .	5	Definite
The service is great and during weekends it tends to get busy , but the wait is worthwhile .	0	Definite
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to give me a call .	12	Indefinite
I received a report from HR and it appears there is conflicting information regarding some of the titles for various employees .	16	Definite
Please note that if departing from Europe ( this may apply to other countries ) , you will require to have the visa before boarding the plane .	25	Definite
Today we went for a party ( during lunch , so the place was empty ) with about 25 other people .	4	Indefinite
Well , I had my seventeenth and eighteenth birthdays in the detention camp at Fort Howard , the guest of Her Majesty 's governor , said Odara , that I know .	17	Definite
The cabins have always been clean .	0	Definite
American defence chiefs hired a US firm to take the guns , from the 90s Bosnian war , to Iraq .	9	Definite
Venetia had had a first in Greek , herself , only a year ago , and could laugh over the mistakes .	11	Indefinite
The Polaroids were all donated by the Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program , according to Kristen Wilkins , assistant professor of photography and curator of the exhibit .	6	Definite
There is a public bus from the airport to Hadibo and from Hadibo to Qalansia .	2	Indefinite
30 - Length of time in months between Enron 's collapse and Lay ( whom the President called " Kenny Boy " ) still not being charged with a crime .	15	Definite
But when innovation affects an automobile 's quality , the task becomes far more difficult .	4	Indefinite
I have also tried monthly data and the results are the same .	10	Definite
Not worth the money .	2	Definite
" The US will work its way through the loss of a city and we are making progress after seven short days .	8	Definite
I saw her sometimes : in a bright pink dress , a sparkling drink in her hand , on the arm of some foreign officer with brocade on his shoulders , at the edge of a marble patio .	11	Indefinite
The best part is I got my whole bathroom remodeled for about the same price the other company's were quoting just to fix the shower tile and fixtures .	15	Definite
He said , All very festive , but it was distraction ; he had the feeling of listening inwardly , watching for something else .	14	Definite
During the family 's years in Kentucky and Indiana , Thomas Lincoln worked as a farmer , cabinetmaker , and carpenter .	1	Definite
Hands - down the best pasta and gnocchi I 've ever eaten ( and I 've eaten a lot ) .	3	Definite
Peppermint oil is a natural deterrent .	3	Indefinite
A most outstanding , professional firm .	0	Indefinite
really amazing the new and exciting plays done at this theatre !	2	Definite
For those with a larger appetite for the scenery and a larger budget , there are some hotel complexes much closer to the action with views of parts of the falls .	10	Indefinite
Before he could get up and leave , the words were already out of his mouth . Do you find it exciting ?	8	Definite
If you move the line to the left , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line to the right remains constant , and the perpendicular line to the left of the moving line contracts .	6	Definite
The remodelling of some roads near bottleneck junctions to accommodate bicycle lanes has made traffic jams even worse still in recent years , and parking in the city centre is very expensive .	0	Definite
Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 - 7 days , depending upon the quantity of oil you put on it .	16	Definite
We had frosts in October so I would n't advise visiting late in the year to be honest , Spring time is your best bet .	13	Definite
We are looking to expand our Wholesale Clients across the Nation .	9	Definite
Bending to the right indicates : " I know the right way to request You . "	2	Definite
I am expecting to pay something in the $ 3, to $ 5,000 range .	7	Definite
He knew that they never left the farm ; instead , the world came to them in the shape of weekend picnickers and driveby tourists .	11	Definite
I knew I had found the real deal , big pies , sold by the slice , with the pizzas sitting under the glass in the front .	14	Definite
Take the kittens back to the shelter .	5	Definite
Western and Afghan diplomats intimately involved with the meeting , said Bush pushed Musharraf hard on reigning in the Taliban so the elections could take place peacefully .	21	Definite
Visualize the inside of your body bathed in the golden light , absorbing every ray and glowing as radiantly as the sun .	8	Definite
Open the door and let him out and see how he acts .	1	Definite
For example , the Count function returns a count of all the records without Null values .	3	Definite
A shipment of new notebooks had come in , and the pile was impressive , a beautiful array of blues and greens and reds and yellows .	15	Indefinite
He has got that hard edge to his game but also the soft hands .	11	Definite
The next day an angry Musharraf categorically said that Pakistan would not send Pakistani troops to Iraq , a clear snub to the Americans .	0	Definite
A film changing bag is a handy way of unloading your exposed film in the field .	14	Definite
I flew around like mad to get ready , and before forty-eight hours I was crossing the Channel to show myself to my employers , and sign the contract .	16	Definite
Also , Beardies often do not eat food that is not moving , so it s anyone 's guess whether or not he 'll touch the freeze - dried crickets or the processed food .	31	Definite
“ So I hate to put a little pressure on you , but the fate of the republic rests on your shoulders , ” he told the crowd gathered on a sports field at the University of North Carolina .	6	Indefinite
2 ) Then place you hand in the cage .	7	Definite
" The way she drew a staircase you would smash your head against the ceiling , and the space was reducing and reducing , and you would end up in the upper corner of the ceiling .	1	Definite
What a joy to stroll off historic Canyon Road in Santa Fe into a gallery with a gorgeous diversity of art .	1	Indefinite
They can produce a lot of waste and even scooping twice a day they can get messy .	3	Indefinite
A variety of Germanic and major Slavic tribes crossed through Moravia during the Migration Period before Slavs established themselves in the 6th century AD .	12	Definite
Agel is a new company and is uniquely positioned to be the next giant in the network marketing industry .	15	Definite
One unnamed naval officer was quoted saying , " Arms smuggling is a very profitable business in this region . "	12	Indefinite
The current complaints allege that HANO has not provided qualified former St. Thomas residents a preference with respect to available public housing units at River Garden per the 2003 agreement .	14	Indefinite
This is , perhaps , not the best example of the technique , though it is the most well-known .	10	Definite
His daughter 's condition deteriorated , to the point that the baby spent all her energy battling the infections caused by the constant breaking of the skin , leading to severe malnutrition and , eventually , her death .	21	Definite
As part of the 19 th - century evolution of the novel as a " democratic literary form " , Balzac wrote that " books are written for everybody " .	3	Definite
He co-starred as Humphrey Bogart 's younger brother , a carefree playboy , in Sabrina ( 1954 ) , played by Audrey Hepburn .	9	Indefinite
Team , sorry for the delay on getting this around .	4	Definite
Notwithstanding the foregoing two ( 2 ) sentences , if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder , it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor .	17	Definite
The Ukrainian crisis may prove helpful , though that appears less likely now – which may be a good thing to the extent that one unintended consequence could be a loan to Ukraine that is larger than it really needs .	17	Indefinite
Wherever he is , authorities need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or Atef recruited .	9	Definite
For cheap Chinese food , this is the place to go .	7	Definite
The apostrophe has a special purpose in an XML document and can be misinterpreted if used directly in the text .	0	Definite
By Friday December 1st , could you please tell me the percentages / amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and November .	23	Definite
giving the new kitten her own small territory will help her to feel safe and will give her a place to go to when scared .	1	Definite
In Europe , before the outbreak of the war , the Allies had significant advantages in both population and economics .	10	Definite
He could be killed years ago and the israelians have all the reasons , since he founded and he is the spiritual leader of Hamas , but they did n't .	20	Definite
In general , avoid doing the following to prevent problems caused by mixing queries created under different ANSI SQL query modes :	5	Definite
Both the time and the sequence of events of this incident were vigorously discussed .	1	Definite
Mr Weasley took a long gulp of tea and sighed .	3	Indefinite
They have a land area larger than either the US or all of Europe .	2	Indefinite
It does n't change the company 's intrinsic worth , and as the article notes , the company might be added to a major index once the shares get more liquid .	22	Indefinite
This gives us the data to do a so-called survival analysis .	3	Definite
I believe the Commission has done a very good job in many cases .	6	Indefinite
It is a daily routine to hear the same leader making opposite statements in Arabic to his people and in English to the rest of the world .	22	Definite
In earlier periods the large majority of participants were law enforcement agents , reflecting the priority to establish closer professional ties for a more efficient fight against euro counterfeiting .	14	Definite
Since divisions of companies are not legal entities they do not have the power to contract in their own names .	12	Definite
My schedule shows an afternoon session .	3	Indefinite
For the next hour Quinn alternated between dialing and waiting , always with the same result .	13	Definite
I loved my stay here and if ever back in the area , I will be staying here again .	10	Definite
Republicans captured the Senate for the first time since 1952 , and gained 34 House seats , but the Democrats retained a majority .	5	Definite
The current policy is ripe for review and the financial resources are regrettably very limited .	8	Definite
You might be able to make a version of your setup work , but it would take quite a bit of charcoal and a lot of forced air .	18	Indefinite
The procedures for the exercise of these implementing powers conferred on the Commission were laid down afresh in the Council Decision of June 1999 .	0	Definite
Get feedback from researchers on possible subjects , based on the knowledge and skills they feel librarians need ;	10	Definite
The beverage is priced at US $ 8.00 , and upon an order for it , the bartender will recount for the customer the definition of the santorum neologism .	16	Definite
Mr. President , as a Nobel Peace Prize recipient and as one of the fathers of the modern peace process in Israel , do you still think that there is a future to the peace process ?	13	Definite
What is the best pos system I can buy in philadelphia pa ?	2	Definite
In the bathroom , with the water running in the sink , he decided to shave as well .	9	Definite
The Independent reported self-medicating ants a first among insects .	0	Definite
There are a couple decent people working there , but the rest are VERY dishonest , as well as rude , I have yet to hear the truth come out of their mouths .	10	Definite
On the other end of the sump , you would have a small return pump with a hose that puts the water back into your tank .	11	Indefinite
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas as a location .	27	Indefinite
Do you strip every woman because one pretended to be pregnant and carried a suicide bomb on her belly ?	13	Indefinite
Another thought with this being a mosquito season from hell could it be West Nile ?	5	Indefinite
The Communists thought they could defeat the ARVN , cause the fall of the South Vietnamese government , and the people would than rally to the Communist cause and leave the Americans stranded in a sea of angry peasants .	19	Definite
We had to throw out about 80 percent of our meals because the food tasted so horrible .	12	Definite
FYI , we had an instructive rest of the conference call on Friday with Sue and Robbie et al .	8	Definite
I 'm very happy with the piano lessons Mrs. Lynda Mcmanus taught me .	5	Definite
In order to win the war it is also necessary to dry the financial resources of the terror conglomerate .	12	Definite
There 's a much more important question than the check , he said .	8	Definite
You can also go to Porte d'Enfer , a beautiful still stripe of sea between a scenery of reefs .	15	Indefinite
22 - Asbestos levels at Ground Zero were 22 times higher than the levels in Libby , Montana , where the W R Grace mine produced one of the worst Superfund disasters in US history .	28	Definite
My next - door neighbor heard the noise and turned on a light , thankfully scaring the two miscreants away ( they even left their hammer behind ! ) .	11	Indefinite
The US lost yet another helicopter to hostile fire near Habbaniyah in the Sunni heartland , but this time the crew was safe .	0	Definite
After all , if an adequately nourished mother provides critical health benefits to her offspring throughout their lives , women can be viewed as the custodians of future generations ' health .	4	Indefinite
I am sending you a version with comments .	4	Indefinite
But air traffic controllers in Baghdad have no record of the flights , which supposedly took off between July 2004 and July 2005 .	10	Definite
Everyone has the right to life , liberty and the security of person .	9	Definite
By definition most tourists will go to the best places so you might have to put up with a few tourists along the way .	22	Definite
And the President becomes a Dictator , unrestrained by anything in the Constitution , backed up by the Armed Forces , which would be entirely under his personal control .	1	Definite
They are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters , planners , commanders , preachers , all of whom make a living , usually a very comfortable living , by serving as terror infrastructure .	26	Indefinite
You won't see this section if you 've already added a security question to your account .	10	Indefinite
the best way to control these pests is to pick them off the plants by hand .	12	Definite
National reaction to the events in Kansas demonstrated how deeply divided the country had become .	3	Definite
Princeton islamist scholar Bernard Lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad , extremists like Zawahiri agree that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used .	19	Definite
I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .	9	Definite
Thank you for digging in to the issue of Deferred Phantom Stock Units .	6	Definite
Worst experience ever like a sardine can and the bartender downstairs is the rudest person I have ever met .	8	Definite
The management was easy to deal with during the planning stages , and the execution by the kitchen and wait staff was flawless .	16	Definite
Going there you learn the school does not care about the services given just about the money .	15	Definite
to the extent reasonably practicable , the Uniform Resource Identifier , if any , that Licensor specifies to be associated with the Work , unless such URI does not refer to the copyright notice or licensing information for the Work ;	1	Definite
If your ( US ) provider has a deal with a canadian wireless company , you texts and calls will go through .	10	Indefinite
You have heard , of course , that the Ministry is conducting more raids , said Mr Malfoy , taking a roll of parchment from his inside pocket and unravelling it for Mr Borgin to read .	8	Definite
We tried 4 different style of donuts , they were all the same when it came to quality .	11	Definite
Pena comes up and chicken-shits a little grounder to first and the fucker goes through Kingman 's legs .	11	Definite
At the age of six , I myself wore a tallith katan , or scapular , under my shirt , only mine was a scrap of green calico print , whereas theirs are white linen .	9	Indefinite
A person can take it directly instead of others completing behavioral checklists or a completing a lengthy program intensive test like TOVA .	13	Indefinite
To tell the truth , this 's the first time for a week we 've had time to sit down to eat .	11	Indefinite
You forget , dear Charlie , that the laborer is worthy of his hire , she said , brightly .	7	Definite
I listen carefully , closely , more closely than I 've ever listened in my life , utterly attentive , but I often feel that I have dropped into a shoreless sea .	29	Indefinite
An Afghan official at the meeting added , ‘’ The Americans now realise that the Taliban are a bigger threat to our security than Al Qaeda . ’’	14	Definite
I see the merit in flowing with duality .	2	Definite
57 - Percentage of Republican federal judges after three years of the Bush administration .	11	Definite
Tina is the driving force of the business and you can be assured that she will endevour to satisfy all your signage requirements at the most cost effective rates .	6	Definite
However , the real development of Łódź started with the industrial era at the beginning of the 19th century when the city was chosen to be the heart of the rapidly-growing textile industry .	26	Definite
OBSERVATION -- The pressure to finger somebody for " price gouging " is increasing .	2	Definite
From this standpoint , the evaluation of the implementation of the budget may take on a dimension that overrides matters of detail .	4	Definite
Cleveland is a culturally diverse city on the shores of Lake Erie , one of the Great Lakes , in Cuyahoga County , Ohio , USA .	7	Definite
The shop was great , the service was excellent and the employees were fun guys .	0	Definite
The man told him that a war between the two universes is coming , as he and Walter had predicted ; it is for this reason that Olivia , among others , was trained as a child .	8	Definite
Present are Isaac Stern ; Alexander Schneider , formerly of the Budapest String Quartet ; Kollek 's son , Amos ; two Israeli couples whom I can not identify ; and the foreign-news editor of Le Monde , Michel Tatu .	10	Definite
Either change the ConnectionFile property of the page to point to a different connection file , or edit the connection file in a text editor .	18	Definite
As Pakistan 's president had been telling the United States he was " forced " into taking a hawkish line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman , this was an embarrassment .	31	Indefinite
the passcode : 6871082#	0	Definite
More significantly , China holds a large portion of the American economy in the palm of its hand .	9	Definite
A recent review of the autobiography of a fedayeen speaks of the Israelis as colonialists .	4	Definite
I called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told " This is a Days Inn , not the Hilton " and the receptionist then hung up on me .	10	Definite
I must say , I was impressed with the size of the bar area and lounge , & I liked that you could see the brewery right thru the glass !	8	Definite
His mother was also killed in the attack .	6	Definite
Also , Beardies often do not eat food that is not moving , so it s anyone 's guess whether or not he 'll touch the freeze - dried crickets or the processed food .	25	Definite
We were disappointed with this holiday dinner due to the overall flavor and price of the meal , and accessibility to the Jazz Club .	9	Definite
He was sent to France to have insignias made for members of the Society , a group of veterans of the war .	20	Definite
Musharraf made his coup in part because of the military 's anger over Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's willingness to back down from confronting India over Kashmir , so that he explicitly came to power as a warmonger .	36	Indefinite
Christopher Columbus sailed across the Atlantic Ocean to the West Indies in 1492 , sparking a period of European exploration of the Americas .	21	Definite
It 's in an area starting with a P , many tourist hotels there and the location is very nice .	15	Definite
A national of each new Member State shall be appointed to the Commission as from the date of accession .	15	Definite
Onion Rings are great and the fries are endless .	5	Definite
A handle ( 1.75 liters , about a half gallon ) of vodka per bag of Skittles	0	Indefinite
I 've been fuming over this fact for a few weeks now , ever since some organizations and governments suggested we need to accept the fact that Hezbollah will get involved in running Lebanon .	8	Indefinite
The countries which are giving to America to aid are a great example of the seed that America has sown through the years with other nations .	0	Definite
British women too are entitled to the same treatment as all the other citizens of Europe .	11	Definite
Speaking in the parents ' defense , Tom Molomby , SC , said that , as the parents came from India , where homeopathy is in common use , they should be declared not guilty due to cultural differences .	2	Definite
So it flew off and the ship continued on its foul way .	5	Definite
In a form or report , the Name property never appears when more than one control is selected because control names must be unique .	1	Indefinite
A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated : will NBC have its best sports broadcasters following the event after having worked the Winter Olympics ?	21	Definite
I noticed there was a hole in the bottom of his pail .	4	Indefinite
We support the introduction of a European quality mark , which takes account of animal welfare and the environment .	17	Definite
Kids fun games and video shows are added to the other facilities .	9	Definite
The air was dark above Gravesend , and farther back still seemed condensed into a mournful gloom , brooding motionless over the biggest , and the greatest , town on earth .	0	Definite
What – the – devil – are – you – doing ? said Uncle Vernon through gritted teeth , his face horribly close to Harry 's .	2	Definite
Consequently I need to inform you of , and / or require your approval for , the following :	16	Definite
Mr Kedourie doubts that he needed " to call on the resources of American political science for such lessons in tyranny ?	10	Definite
i have a Mature male and female they are together a lot but never laid eggs as far as i know can anyone help me figure out how to make them mate	10	Indefinite
the food was horrible not cooked like it should be , they got the order wrong on a number of occasions , and once forgot about my order .	0	Definite
U.S. President George W. Bush shakes hands with Chinese President Hu Jintao in a bilateral meeting in Santiago .	13	Indefinite
Place the quaffle and three bludgers in the middle of the field .	7	Definite
" Today " , said Hugo at the ceremony , " we have a people in black because of the death of the man of talent ;	19	Definite
This , coupled with the lack of a public safety net , makes health problems a leading source of economic hardship , even for middle-class families .	15	Indefinite
There had been a lot of such rot let loose in print and talk just about that time , and the excellent woman , living right in the rush of all that humbug , got carried off her feet .	27	Definite
Now that Oxitec has conducted promising field trials in the Cayman Islands , Malaysia , and Brazil , it is preparing to conduct trials in other countries , including the United States .	9	Definite
It contains a monument to Martin Luther King , Jr.	2	Indefinite
On the RER / Metro :	1	Definite
I have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrow .	2	Indefinite
In the Warren Jeffs cult he reassigns wives if the husband displeases him or to reward the new husband .	1	Definite
Germany ought to play the same role today as the US did then .	4	Definite
I do see myself as a conservative	5	Indefinite
The original people of the islands are the Moriori , who were descended from the Maori of mainland New Zealand , but who developed their own culture and variant of the language .	4	Definite
The home page for Rockin on the River is , and it lists all the acts scheduled for the season .	0	Definite
My role with Firefox and the Mozilla project will remain largely unchanged , I will continue doing much the same work as I have described above - with the new goal of successful 1.1 , 1.5 and 2.0 releases .	5	Definite
The main aggregates in the implementation of Pericles are shown on Table 2 .	0	Definite
WASHINGTON , DC – In his recent State of the Union address , US President Barack Obama reiterated his ambition to complete the Trans - Pacific Partnership , a proposed trade agreement among the US and 11 Pacific countries .	9	Definite
You can specify the font and font size for text in a control .	11	Indefinite
He finally admitted that only the 4 ADA room alarms had sounded , so only 4 guests were effected ( no big deal to him ) .	5	Definite
As Rogers notes , " Balzac was interested in any social , political , or economic theory , whether from the right or the left .	20	Definite
The largest organism on the planet is a mycelial mat , one cell wall thick .	0	Definite
After all , the internet is not a luxury ; it is an essential tool .	12	Indefinite
In 1955 , Mishima took up weight training and his workout regimen of three sessions per week was not disrupted for the final 15 years of his life .	21	Definite
I do think some Y!A users need to work on their reading comprehension as I ca n't comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse .	20	Indefinite
If You create a Collective Work , upon notice from any Licensor You must , to the extent practicable , remove from the Collective Work any reference to such Licensor or the Original Author , as requested .	16	Definite
I guess the questions on which I should like your steer are : ( a ) Do you have a particular sensitivity about the reference to bad faith proceedings made by United India ?	2	Definite
As for Christchurch , yes the aftershocks are still happening , but these are fairly small - you can feel them , but the do n't do any damage .	5	Definite
The Canadian investigator of the plane crash Larry Vance told SPIEGEL that he is convinced that one of the pilots had intended to land the machine on the ocean surface - so that it would sink .	4	Definite
I want a bird that I can hold and do tricks .	2	Indefinite
The FERC order tomorrow is likely to alter the points somewhat .	0	Definite
The other fields are outer fields .	0	Definite
I saw a site that charges $ 0.70 per mile .	2	Indefinite
" I can only imagine that this is what Hiroshima looked like 60 years ago , " said Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour after viewing the destruction from the air .	24	Definite
The hymn was well received and the audience demanded an encore .	9	Indefinite
I v just had my bmw z3 rear window replaced by the guys at kelvin trimmers .	11	Definite
Pioneers take a pledge to remain tee - total and at the hight of the organization popularity , had an estimated two million members even filling Croke Park on the 25th anniversary .	29	Definite
First , age is a continuous measure created by subtracting the year of the respondents ' birth ( obtained from Wave 1 ) from the year of the interview at Wave 4 .	27	Definite
A proper theology would therefore have to be constructed in the light of its future goal .	10	Definite
It has three parallel chapels at the apse and many lateral chapels between the buttresses .	6	Definite
It was a great deal -- we paid a certain amount per person , and my husband and I chose 4 types of pizza and the servers brought out as much as we wanted .	25	Definite
This did n't help , as Harry had never heard of such a place .	12	Indefinite
There was a group in loud discussion round the empty fireplace where the beer bottles were stacked ...	12	Definite
Then he went into the kitchen , ate a bowl of cornflakes , and smoked another cigarette .	8	Indefinite
We had a nice Thanksgiving here too .	2	Indefinite
The result , then , is hardly the cat 's pyjamas .	7	Definite
The LibriVox website features a catalog of about a hundred completed books , including books in other languages like German , Hebrew , and Japanese .	4	Indefinite
The setting feels like a Sushi bar in NYC ; small , cozy , but with flair .	0	Definite
All you need is 200 , but remember , the more you post , the more money you make !!	9	Definite
I have a splitter / filter between my ADSL and ph line ?	2	Indefinite
She basically said if the children getting off the bus are n't paying to enter her building she was going to let them wander around the streets .	4	Definite
Evelyn Odara spoke to her husband as no local woman would dare ; yet he ignored it , as if turning the tables on her with his countrymen 's assumption that what women said was not heard , anyway .	21	Definite
It is a directive which safeguards the interests of rightholders and protects intellectual property .	2	Indefinite
I took the weekend off and came in and asked for the manager who is Jeff and he remembered her right away even remembered her dog , I was a bit shocked that someone would pay that close attention .	11	Definite
He remembered having read somewhere that the eyes were the one feature of the face that never changed .	6	Definite
Even if you ca n't wait to live in your new house , curb your enthusiasm and resist the urge to cram all your possessions any which way into boxes .	18	Definite
Lamarr 's earliest inventions include an improved traffic stoplight and a tablet that would dissolve in water to create a carbonated drink .	5	Indefinite
If you are not the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that you have received this transmittal in error ; any review , dissemination , distribution or copying of this transmittal is strictly prohibited .	4	Definite
As a result , critics of the time mostly rated Shakespeare below John Fletcher and Ben Jonson .	1	Indefinite
These changes , while significant , were concentrated in the elite , and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages .	18	Definite
" In the first place he was too busy " , explains Saintsbury , " in the second he would not have been at home there ....	2	Definite
Save yourself the trouble , money and time and visit a more caring facility / doctor .	2	Definite
Store is on the small side and atmosphere is just average .	3	Definite
Like The Two Gentlemen of Verona , in which two friends appear to approve of rape , the Shrew 's story of the taming of a woman 's independent spirit by a man sometimes troubles modern critics and directors .	1	Definite
I have n't seen her for a couple of weeks and have only talked to her .	6	Indefinite
I was asked by the officers , in their inimitably dumb way , whether I knew the writer Günter de Bruyn and whether we are intellectual relatives .	16	Definite
The optimistic view is that those , like me , who find ourselves fearing the relative wage distribution of the future as a source of mammoth inequality and power imbalance simply suffer from a failure of imagination .	33	Indefinite
Place a cotton ball under or near your garbage can to deter mice from getting into it .	1	Indefinite
if the trouble goes away with the modem off , then make sure that EVERYTHING EXCEPT the modem is filtered , this would include the alarm system , fax machine , satellite boxes , phones , etc ...	1	Definite
Stand in the corner of the elevator facing the wall .	2	Definite
In this case , the excellent advice offered by your instructors on assisting chute opening may be of assistance to you .	4	Definite
There are only about 850 wolves in the West , but there are an estimated 31,000 mountain lions .	13	Indefinite
The IMF rarely makes front - page headlines in the United States or other big countries , except when there is a racy personal dimension .	0	Definite
HR has already purchased a tool called CONFIRMIT that can execute anonymous surveys .	4	Indefinite
Arial photos of the lab were uranium is being enriched , somewhat like those of chemical weapons stockpiles in Iraq .	3	Definite
" paulhastings.com " made the following annotations on 04/25/01 12:42:55	4	Definite
Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .	4	Indefinite
basically this is a sample of the Galaxy .	3	Indefinite
I needed a part for my appliance , the cost was very high so I said never mind , paid the fee and called a local business for a second quote .	24	Indefinite
The Tell Amarna letters , dating from the 14th century BCE , include ten letters from the kings of Gezer swearing loyalty to the Egyptian pharaoh .	7	Definite
It was like watching a marionette trying to walk without strings .	4	Indefinite
In 1599 , a partnership of company members built their own theatre on the south bank of the River Thames , which they called the Globe .	17	Definite
Stay on the bus until the " Montparnasse Bienvenue " stop .	5	Definite
I have eaten here several times and every time the service is slower than slow .	9	Definite
Madam President , the importance of transport safety is highlighted on a regular basis in this Parliament and rightly so .	3	Definite
UCAN 's executive director and the attorney team will be available to answer questions about the complaint .	15	Definite
It aims at the heart of the matter , as Agenda 2000 negotiations have reached a critical stage .	3	Definite
Nevertheless , her initial efforts at writing fiction were in the form of a short story , a form to which she would remain true .	17	Indefinite
It is fair to say that this creates an unprecedented breeding ground for cruel dictators , terror networks , fanaticism , incitement , suicide murders and general decline .	8	Indefinite
The results of the February 26th PVT test conducted on Nville have been discussed with each of you over the last three months .	3	Definite
It differs from the western portion of the country in that its prominent topographic features do not parallel the coast .	3	Definite
$ 300 m - Amount cut from the federal programme that provides subsidies to poor families so they can heat their homes .	7	Definite
This willingness is the main difference in the number of bombings in the south as opposed to the center - north of the country . )	12	Definite
I won a golf lesson certificate with Adz through a charity auction .	9	Indefinite
If you would , please review the entire list and let me know if you are in agreement with the presentation by tomorrow evening , if possible .	19	Definite
The creation of an incentive payment pool ( possibly via personal best awards ) for key Metals staff who continue to work exceptionally unsociable hours to meet the above stated objectives	27	Definite
To rinse , place the measured grain in a strainer under running water for a few minutes .	8	Indefinite
Some strategies being used by NASA & Company in relation to China and other space planning countries are mentioned here after being gleaned from a news item underneath .	24	Indefinite
The prevalence of discrimination across racial groups in contemporary America :	0	Definite
GOODWYN : Murph Archibald says that at first , he did n't know that Mr. Bush was serving in the Air National Guard .	19	Definite
By the age of 24 I stopped going to the dentist .	9	Definite
Forthwith a change came over the waters , and the serenity became less brilliant but more profound .	5	Definite
At greater wind speeds , some particles are lifted into the air stream .	10	Definite
Saudi officials had already provided safeguards by installing an oval wall with padded edges to protect pilgrams from a crush , installed security cameras and placed over 60,000 security personnel in the area .	8	Indefinite
In the realm of international economics , being perceived as boring confers power to the extent that it allows major decisions to be made without a great deal of external scrutiny .	14	Definite
Socotra is considered the jewel of biodiversity in the Arabian Sea .	3	Definite
You may not distribute , publicly display , publicly perform , or publicly digitally perform the Work with any technological measures that control access or use of the Work in a manner inconsistent with the terms of this License Agreement .	27	Definite
Readers of the Savage Love advice column selected a new definition for the Senator ’s last name , and Savage created a website SpreadingSantorum.com to promulgate the spread of the phenomenon .	2	Definite
Barbara , please organize a call for Mike , Michelle , Mark Stubley and me .	4	Indefinite
So for the 4th time in 5 months and the third time in 2 weeks , we brought the car back again .	2	Definite
Sustainable development also requires proper consideration of the health , social and economic impact of the measures envisaged .	7	Definite
They include provisions for dealing with the new High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy .	11	Definite
Shows Each night there are a variety of shows .	5	Indefinite
The prestigious IAEA ( International Atomic Energy Agency ) published an early report on Chernobyl which was based on information from Russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects .	10	Indefinite
i wish the other utilities i had to set up had people to work with like this ..	2	Definite
In this play , Shakespeare adds a supernatural element to the tragic structure .	10	Definite
I am a member of the design group that has been developing the American Arbitration Association 's dispute management systems and services for eCommerce B2B transactions .?	2	Indefinite
When you select one or more items in the filter field , the data that 's displayed and calculated in the entire PivotTable view changes to reflect those items .	20	Definite
On the other hand , this is essentially a statement that the company is overpriced from the guy who knows it best -- and happens to be the best investor of the last century .	11	Definite
Dr. Fortier was one of 15 people to receive the Carnegie Medal on Monday .	9	Definite
The doctor 's office said that payments had been " reversed " .	0	Definite
Rumor also had it some renegade biologist brought a caged pair to Yellowstone and released them into the wild sometime in the 1970s , hoping to reestablish a breeding population .	21	Definite
I called and asked about the price for hair updo and the receptionist or owner who aswered the phone refused to tell me , or even just give me an approximate price range .	17	Definite
Talk delivered by Haim Harari at a meeting of the International Advisory Board of a large multi-national corporation , April , 2004 :	6	Indefinite
The close proximity of Warsaw and Łódź 's location at the crossroads of the Polish motorway system make it an ideal destination for a day trip or longer city break .	19	Indefinite
In Asia and the Pacific , between 3 million and more than 10 million civilians , mostly Chinese ( estimated at 7.5 million ) , were killed by the Japanese occupation forces .	3	Definite
Andrzej Wajda 's movie , Promised Land based on a novel by the Nobel laureate Władysław Reymont , depicts those times and is a worthwhile introduction to the city 's bustling history .	12	Definite
The stampede began when luggage from a bus tripped pilgrims at the eastern end of the wall , causing a bottleneck .	15	Definite
Twitter gave Mohamed the option to come to their company for an internship .	11	Indefinite
( 16 ) Priority should be given to alternative courses of action such as self-regulation by the industry where such action is likely to deliver the policy objectives faster or in a less costly manner than mandatory requirements .	16	Definite
Dancing ballet is extremely popular throughout the world , and studying ballet can help develop strong bodies , spatial and temporal awareness , and improve coordination .	6	Definite
In order to win , it is necessary to first eliminate the terrorist regimes , so that no Government in the world will serve as a safe haven for these people .	11	Definite
You review and approve it , keep it on your desk , and I will come over and make the change at your desk on Monday .	19	Definite
i need to now get a job at house of pies b/c that is the only way to pay the bills .	19	Definite
Sometimes I even think I 'm down South again , that 's a fact .	12	Indefinite
( 1 ) Everyone has duties to the community in which alone the free and full development of his personality is possible .	12	Definite
Maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent earlier ...	4	Definite
Iodine released from these chemicals into milk has been the major source of dietary iodine in Australia for at least four decades , but is now declining .	9	Definite
Much of the debate , from the Democratic side this year , has been about white male identity .	6	Definite
The Dutch students have yet to decide if they will be commercializing their electric motorcycle .	0	Definite
The elderly servant who brought ice and lemon had the nicks at the outer corner of the eyes that Northern Gala people wore .	12	Definite
Balzac had better luck publishing the memoirs of Laure Junot , Duchess of Abrantès - with whom he also had an affair .	20	Indefinite
The charges that they have put some vets up to making against Kerry are false and can be demonstrated by the historical record to be false .	20	Definite
The amazing thing is that all of these crooks demand protection under international law , and define all those who attack them as " war criminals , " with some Western media repeating the allegations .	0	Definite
David Bundren is the Tire GooRoo .	3	Definite
We took it back in to have it repaired again , and less than a week later the second compressor went out .	14	Indefinite
If you can smell the cupcakes earlier , check to make sure they are n't browning earlier ( this means they 're more than ready ) .	4	Definite
Speaking in the parents ' defense , Tom Molomby , SC , said that , as the parents came from India , where homeopathy is in common use , they should be declared not guilty due to cultural differences .	16	Definite
Jespersen was a professor of English at the University of Copenhagen from 1893 to 1925 , and served as Rector of the university in 1920 – 21 .	7	Definite
If the Israelis and the Palestinian leadership can not find a way to reinvigorate the peace process , cells of radical young Palestinians may grow up that look to bin Laden for their cues .	1	Definite
The municipality has turned the Gai-Hinnom into a park .	7	Indefinite
Not the same old stuff that all the other stores have .	7	Definite
Otherwise a 1/2 brick will be fine :	1	Indefinite
He is currently in the emergency room at Ben Taub Hospital .?	4	Definite
This has resulted in a major rail accident in Pakistan involving three trains and involving more than 300 deaths .	4	Indefinite
But a degree of protection is not the same as absolute cover against a host of things at the expense of something similar .	18	Definite
the group to which Edwardsiella andrillae belongs includes many species that reproduce asexually , and it 's possible that the fields are " clones " produced asexually rather than the result of sexual reproduction .	19	Definite
At some point in the not so distant future , the Houson and London credit departments need to speak in order that each understands the " philosophy " behind credit analysis for the omnibus and master transactions .	10	Definite
The Beatles of the times of the " Cavern " sounded exactly as poorly as Oasis and the little musical quality in the songs of the Beatles is due to George Martin .	0	Definite
The 22 member countries of the Arab league , from Mauritania to the Gulf States , have a total population of 300 millions , larger than the US and almost as large as the EU before its expansion .	5	Definite
" A few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear 's paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling . "	8	Definite
It is a fantastic way to enjoy the beauty and wildlife of the island .	7	Definite
In part because of that reputation , the gray wolf was nearly exterminated from the lower 48 states by the 1920s , except for a small remnant population on Isle Royale National Park in Michigan 's Lake Superior .	24	Indefinite
Firstly , the other reviewer clearly has never been to Nick 's , or he would know that Nick only charges $ 13 for a haircut which is pretty much industry standard .	24	Indefinite
Attached is the TW Top Ten Shippers by Revenues for the year 2001 to be reported in the Browncover report .	17	Definite
They generate the humus soils across the landmasses of Earth .	2	Definite
At the heart of the conflict was the question of whether Kansas would enter the Union as a free state or slave state .	1	Definite
I was wearing a yellow linen dress which my mother had picked out and which I therefore disliked although I knew it flattered me .	3	Indefinite
Remember when a whole lot of people had to die because a Swedish newspaper printed those cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed ?	18	Definite
I shall you tomorrow to discuss the details .	6	Definite
The many light toys such a swords , devil ears , and lanterns turn the milling crowd into a unique light show that can be observed by climbing the steps of the 70 meter memorial hall on the grounds .	31	Definite
However , the breakdown between him and Linares and the discontinuation of the progressive line provoked the Revolution of Vindication which overthrew him in 1879 .	16	Definite
He stands alone in front of the audience and , ultimately , he has to bring out the best of himself in order to make the audience laugh .	6	Definite
Me and the big " G "	2	Definite
There are different theories about the reasons for leaving the place .	5	Definite
And in turn , the bigger the threat , the harsher the criticism .	9	Definite
She was an anthropologist , and Bray accepted this as an explanation for her passion for arranging excursions , on which she carried her baby tied on her back , African style .	2	Indefinite
OMG .. make sure to book a reservation , as this magical place is packed ( in a nice way ) I love that the owner walks around and cares how his customers feel about their food .	24	Definite
5 - Number of states that do not use the word " evolution " in public school science courses .	9	Definite
" The book -- I guess one way , one thing to think about it is -- one of the themes would be , I was given a charge to keep .	27	Indefinite
You can use the filter feature to find specific data values or all data that matches a value .	3	Definite
Anyone who 's spent a lot of time on a farm with chickens is probably familiar with this trick .	4	Indefinite
The Beatles of the times of the " Cavern " sounded exactly as poorly as Oasis and the little musical quality in the songs of the Beatles is due to George Martin .	17	Definite
To sign up for a brand new account , enter your name , birthday , gender , and email address into the form on www.facebook.com .	4	Indefinite
I doubt he will be extradited to Venezuela , which is the only way that question could be answered with a Yes .	11	Definite
What about the adage , “ Those who forget history are doomed to repeat it ” ?	2	Definite
The brochure for the Conference and associated Workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below : < http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf > << http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >>	3	Definite
The sooner the better but I 'd probably wait until after the holidays .	0	Definite
Until 1995 the LTTE maintained a base at Twante , an island off the coat of Myanmar , west of the Andaman islands .	2	Definite
The way China develops is vital for the way our own societies develop .	0	Definite
A genteel lot , very conscious of their dignity , man-about-town and all that , you can imagine how the white toughies feel about all those white collars round black necks in the bar .	32	Definite
When you copy data to a program other than Excel or Word that does not support the HTML format used by PivotTable views , the data is copied as unformatted text .	16	Definite
No injuries or deaths were reported in the attacks from either side , but South Korea evacuated about 80 people in the town of Yeoncheon after at least one shell landed near the area .	7	Definite
Know this well because I remember an ' irish ' pub in the town in canada i grew up in used to advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town , but they served them in american sized pints .	12	Definite
The history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it not only speaks to Bush 's character as an addictive personality , but may tell us something about his erratic and alarming actions as president .	0	Definite
This means that they have not benefited from the uplift that the fall in sterling has given to overseas assets .	8	Definite
The Commission set out the basic ideas for the protection of the euro in a Communication it published as early as 1998 [ 1 ] .	14	Indefinite
There is considerable evidence that it is developing both a long - range missile force and a range of weapons of mass destruction .	9	Indefinite
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch .	10	Definite
The line in the POA is a seperate and distinct measure from the daily collateral .	6	Indefinite
Wikinews interviewed one of the owners of a New York City bar about a popular new politically-themed cocktail drink called Santorum .	7	Indefinite
The fact is that molecular genetic engineering is more precise and predictable than older , cruder techniques	0	Definite
Newer semi-automatic wangs have a rail built into the receiver under the shaft .	4	Indefinite
If I threw him against a wall and still conscious he will run away , do I hang him by the tail so the blood can flush into his skull ?	23	Definite
So I say you should go for the more updated Nook Tablet .	7	Definite
Ideally , the password you select should be easy for you to remember but hard for someone else to figure out .	2	Definite
In 2003 , he dominated in the points standings and leading the last 33 of 36 races and became the 2003 NASCAR Winston Cup champion , the last driver to ever hold that title .	11	Definite
As of the 2001 census , the population of York was 181,000 .	2	Definite
When the ship passed Stromboli at night , there was a streak of crimson lava flowing from the volcano and the sailors would n't leave the television set to look at this natural phenomenon .	17	Definite
" That King Shakespeare " , the essayist Thomas Carlyle wrote in 1840 , " does not he shine , in crowned sovereignty , over us all , as the noblest , gentlest , yet strongest of rallying signs ;	29	Definite
I my self am one but appreciate that the organization is unlikely to make into the 22nd century .	15	Definite
You can select the proper route and travel plans by consulting the agents prior to the booking ........	3	Definite
NEW YORK – Following a crescendo of terrifying violence , the Ukrainian uprising has had a surprisingly positive outcome .	4	Indefinite
Having a team was the best because they kept the flow of the wedding going the whole time !	15	Definite
Simply force yourself to use the next 120 seconds to be productive and do the duty you normally would push off for hours or days . [ 1 ] .	5	Definite
they may then chose to ask you to bring more evidence , or just look up the record and hand you the certificate .	16	Definite
Indeed , in 2013 , the Chinese services sector became the economy 's largest , surpassing the combined share of the manufacturing and construction sectors .	5	Definite
Furthermore , the occurrence of hurricanes on the island is possible during the summer .	12	Definite
Attached for your review are draft talking points for the Cal Energy Markets conference I 'm speaking at on Thursday in SF .	9	Definite
Just the fact that those were the lead stories for so many days , in everything from US Weekly to Time Magazine .	1	Definite
IT IS NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE , MORE OF THE CUISINE BRETT ENJOYS IN MISSISSIPPI .	11	Definite
The attached documents include the GA II Settlement proposal , an Attachment ( a copy of PG&E 's proposed Gas Rule 27 ) , and a set of supporting workpapers .	4	Definite
Six black men advanced in a file , toiling up the path . They walked erect and slow , balancing small baskets full of earth on their heads , and the clink kept time with their footsteps .	5	Indefinite
When we adopt the Minutes for today 's sitting tomorrow , then any Members who think the positions have not been explained clearly enough may ask for amendments .	3	Definite
It simply refers to the same ICC publication for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generally .	14	Definite
In the past , Coron was virtually unknown outside of Palawan .	1	Definite
I am speaking for the first time in this plenary part - session , so this is quite exciting for me , a little like first love , although that did last longer than two minutes .	22	Indefinite
Then , of course , there is the evidence the jury did not hear about in the Robinson case ...	9	Definite
Ten years later your check should still be the same or greater , fulfilling the promise of long - term residual income .	14	Definite
The apostrophe has a special purpose in an XML document and can be misinterpreted if used directly in the text .	18	Definite
The children ( an excuse to dawdle , of course ) stopped and waved .	0	Definite
$ 1 m - Estimated value of a painting the Bush Presidential Library in College Station , Texas , received from Prince Bandar , Saudi Arabia 's ambassador to the United States and Bush family friend .	7	Indefinite
There was a small click and the door swung open .	6	Definite
China 's strong hand in this even extends to the diplomatic realm ; China is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council , and could veto any actions against Iran proposed by the United States .	34	Definite
They compensate for this by creating the impression that they have a lot of friends - they have a ' quantity , not quality ' mentality .	6	Definite
My purpose was to stroll into the shade for a moment ; but no sooner within than it seemed to me I had stepped into a gloomy circle of some Inferno .	6	Definite
ANSI-89 describes the traditional Jet SQL syntax .	2	Definite
Balzac spoke often of a " nervous and fluid force " between individuals , and Raphaël Valentin 's decline in La Peau De Chagrin exemplifies the danger of withdrawing from the company of other people .	30	Definite
Do n't worry if you have trouble concentrating on the mantra and ideation - that 's normal .	9	Definite
Just to let you all know Matt has confirmed the booking for 3rd Dec i s OK .	9	Definite
Tina Anselmi was born on the 25th of March , 1927 in Castelfranco Veneto ; she grew up in an anti-fascist Catholic family , which was marked by the persecution of her militant socialist father .	19	Indefinite
The Jordanians built a road over Jewish graves .	3	Indefinite
At night , however , he slept alone , and the avenger might find him .	10	Definite
" Calculation of Floating Amount : The Floating Amount payable by [ ENA ] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows :	15	Indefinite
We all know that the market share of the railways has declined in recent years .	4	Definite
Claudio De Vincenti , undersecretary to the prime minister , said " a discussion table will be opened with the non-profit associations , religious association included " ( ( it ) ) .	12	Indefinite
ANSI-89 is the default setting for a new Access database in 2002 and 2000 file format .	2	Definite
I well remember what intelligent , informed people were saying in the last years of the Weimar Republic , what they told one another in the first days after Hindenburg had brought in Hitler .	15	Definite
He achieved some fame as an architect by redesigning the City Hall in New York for the First Congress of the United States ( See : Federal Hall ) .	16	Definite
We do n't want too many tourists , and since we 'll both be out of school we can go anytime between the middle of June to early November .	22	Definite
And if the Dursleys were unhappy to have him back for the holidays , it was nothing to how Harry felt .	2	Definite
Later they kept the same name for the company .	7	Definite
Phoenix is the capital of the state of Arizona as well as the most populous city in the American Southwest and sixth largest city in the United States .	12	Definite
Rick Santorum himself has acknowledged and discussed the existence and prevalence of the santorum neologism phenomenon ; he was quoted by The Canadian Press on his assessment of Google 's response ;	12	Definite
In the same way , he chose the three others to play the roles he destined for them .	12	Definite
The Comédie Humaine remained unfinished at the time of his death - Balzac had plans to include numerous other books , most of which he never started .	0	Definite
It put hair on my chest and thanks to the owner s advice I invested vanguard , got myself a woman like Jerry , and became a republican .	9	Definite
You may not distribute , publicly display , publicly perform , or publicly digitally perform the Work with any technological measures that control access or use of the Work in a manner inconsistent with the terms of this License Agreement .	30	Indefinite
Whether you start the year as a single person looking for a partner , or you 've been married for many years , happiness in love does lie ahead .	6	Indefinite
Quinn would make a clean breast of it , Auster would forgive him , and together they would work to save Peter Stillman .	3	Indefinite
Since Hippocrates , people have been discussing how " nature " and " nurture " interact to shape a person 's development .	18	Indefinite
Best weather the past couple of years has been around late April - late May but it can pour with rain for days on end at any time of the year so be prepared with waterproof jackets / boots etc .	2	Definite
The following have made a team for the game show on August 17th !.	4	Indefinite
In the realm of international economics , being perceived as boring confers power to the extent that it allows major decisions to be made without a great deal of external scrutiny .	1	Definite
She waves , antlike , then crawls through a dormer window .	8	Indefinite
Paul Kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the FERC Meeting that was held Thursday , Nov. 9th .	7	Indefinite
He spoke as a Jew to a Jew about Jewish powers of speech .	3	Indefinite
I live in the neighborhood and this place is one of my favorites for a tasty , quick and inexpensive meal .	14	Indefinite
Our plan is to organize a maximum of 6 clinics , each one full day .	5	Indefinite
What Harry found most unusual about life at Ron 's , however , was n't the talking mirror or the clanking ghoul : it was the fact that everybody there seemed to like him .	19	Definite
As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable , it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .	5	Indefinite
Mrs. Wentz had put down her food and she sat back out of the light of the fire , a big face glimmering in the dark , caverns where the eyes were .	29	Definite
Indeed , Sistani 's agents all over the country have been quite active in educating Iraqi Shia on the merits of elections , which has led to the assassination of at least two of them .	27	Definite
the time : 10:00 AM - 11:00 AM CST	0	Definite
As you approach the Earth at , or close to , terminal velocity , you may wish to contemplate your past existence , and the possibility of a future afterlife .	27	Indefinite
Quinn flapped the red notebook nervously against his right thigh , stood on his tiptoes , and peered into the throng .	19	Definite
The point is -- FHS gives you the opportunity to make it to a good college , but you need to work hard .	13	Indefinite
Although the city was not destroyed in the aftermath , the material losses were serious as the machinery , raw materials and finished goods were taken away by the fleeing Nazis .	1	Definite
The Earth was struck by an asteroid , a huge amount of debris was jettisoned into the atmosphere .	0	Definite
However since the elections Iranian influence has proved critical in convincing the Hazara Shia candidate Mohammed Mohaqeq to accept the results of the elections and later convincing Qanooni to do the same .	2	Definite
When the ship passed Stromboli at night , there was a streak of crimson lava flowing from the volcano and the sailors would n't leave the television set to look at this natural phenomenon .	1	Definite
Does the Commission have any sort of long-term policy in mind here ?	1	Definite
I visited the festival on Saturday night , the opening night , and there was a sea of people in the square .	2	Definite
From there , the demonstration took players to investigate the murder of Nightwing .	3	Definite
Thomas Rymer , for example , condemned Shakespeare for mixing the comic with the tragic .	13	Definite
He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law .	6	Indefinite
I do think some Y!A users need to work on their reading comprehension as I ca n't comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse .	24	Indefinite
While it 's not uncommon to transport a chicken by its feet , this upside-down hold risks breaking the chicken 's hip .	18	Definite
The evaluation report of the Pericles Programme was submitted on 30 November 2004 .	4	Definite
I have no inside information , but I have been following links today that strongly indicate that Google is damn serious about securing permanent control of the leading edge browser technology in Firefox .	26	Definite
The mysterious RAPHAEL Holinshed was named for the mysterious Neoplatonic Italian painter RAPHAEL Sanzio who painted _ St. George Fighting the Dragon _ ( 1504 - 06 )	0	Definite
This would be on a walk - in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good ( Not relying on pictures from the internet ) and is in a spot we like .	18	Indefinite
The first and foremost was the Ohio River , which flowed into the Mississippi River .	12	Definite
Mweta said , with his slow shy smile that always seemed to grow like a light becoming more powerful , as his eyes held you , You mean little Venetia ?	14	Indefinite
Well , T.V. is a series of flickering pictures that are streamed together to make a moving picture .	15	Indefinite
Even in the best of times , it did not lead to an increase in living standards ( except for the bankers ) , and it eventually led to the crisis from which we are only now recovering .	20	Definite
The reason for this was proclaimed by a large banner stretched across the upper windows :	12	Definite
Most troubling , however , is the fact that the political will to end the crisis expressed a few short weeks ago seems to have ebbed .	14	Definite
The epitaph carved into the stone slab covering his grave includes a curse against moving his bones , which was carefully avoided during restoration of the church in 2008 .	25	Definite
The country elected its first female President , Park Geun - hye , in 2012 .	0	Definite
I knew a cat that died in its sleep aged 21 .	2	Indefinite
However , the JSC will recieve pilot and commander seats from the flight deck .	11	Definite
Harry , Ron , Fred and George were planning to go up the hill to a small paddock the Weasleys owned .	15	Indefinite
either way you also need to keep an eye on the temperature if you are using a dry fish tank as UV lights in my experience up the temperature significantly and without proper ventilation it can become an oven .	37	Indefinite
A negative number is not available .	0	Indefinite
10 - Number of days that the Pentagon spent investigating a soldier who had called the President " a joke " in a letter to the editor of a Newspaper .	6	Definite
“ We are actively thinking of possible ways to limit the scope of litigation to only those with a real standing in a project , ” he was quoted as saying .	10	Definite
They want a program that will be a success , " Johnson - Freese said .	7	Indefinite
Either create a link between the page and a connection file by setting the ConnectionFile property , or edit the ConnectionString property .	8	Indefinite
Dostoevski , no mean judge of such matters , thought there was much to be said for the murderer 's point of view .	17	Definite
" Pregnant women in Australia are getting about half as much as what they require on a daily basis .	16	Indefinite
The poetry depends on extended , sometimes elaborate metaphors and conceits , and the language is often rhetorical — written for actors to declaim rather than speak .	13	Definite
When you design a chart for other users , you can restrict the user 's ability to change the layout of the chart by preventing fields from being added and moved .	18	Definite
He took a deep breath , scattered the powder into the flames and stepped forward ; the fire felt like a warm breeze ; he opened his mouth and immediately swallowed a lot of hot ash .	10	Definite
Waiting to be summoned to the customs officers ' booths , the companions of the journey ignored each other .	11	Definite
( 2 ) Marriage shall be entered into only with the free and full consent of the intending spouses .	16	Definite
If you see a dark spot in the egg , that means it is fertilized and will hatch if cared for properly .	7	Definite
Mrs Weasley fussed over the state of his socks and tried to force him to eat fourth helpings at every meal .	4	Definite
Many people have argued that a US - based Al Qaeda operative is behind the earlier Fall 2001 anthrax mailings in the US , and that the mailings served as a threat and warning .	5	Indefinite
The information in this email may be confidential and / or privileged .	0	Definite
The band I started in 1993 , Spoken Motion , received a lot of recognition as a spoken word band born out of the New York spoken word scene .	0	Definite
We ca n’t let the presidency go to Donald Trump , someone so racist , sexist and incredibly unqualified to be commander - in - chief .	4	Definite
The other two anti-establishment camp elects were Hui Chi-fung from the Democratic Party and Tanya Chan of the Civic Party , both considered to be in the pan-democracy camp .	17	Definite
Cargill Ferrous International is the full name of this division and set up as such in GCP with a Sub - to - Legal Link to Cargill , Inc. per GCP procedure .	4	Definite
They also do n't tell you that they 're going to mail you an " application " to be admitted to be a patient .	13	Indefinite
I had a surgery date of July 17 , 2008 .	2	Indefinite
Voters see the two major party nominees as exemplifying what is worst about their respective parties , and they want something better .	2	Definite
He was the co-founder of the National Democratic Party in Iraq .	5	Definite
It is far simpler , however , to achieve a trillion spore concentration in the production of a few grams than in industrial processing typical of a state sponsored lab .	14	Definite
This may be of interest to you I have a free online dating service .	9	Indefinite
I typically have work done on my Jeep at the dealership , but it is 6 years old now and getting charged dealership prices just did n't seem cost effective anymore .	9	Definite
Pop , would go one of the eight-inch guns ; a small flame would dart and vanish , a little white smoke would disappear , a tiny projectile would give a feeble screech – and nothing happened .	10	Indefinite
With these last stories her fame spread throughout the Tokyo literary establishment .	8	Definite
The relevant standards which have been laid down in another Directive , 95 / 35 / EC , seem sufficiently adequate to advise people in a responsible manner on the organisation of the transport of dangerous goods .	32	Definite
A lack of organisation , coupled with the distain for its customers , makes this the worst rental agency I have used .	7	Definite
The Australian experts drew new conclusions from the investigation of a landing flap from Boeing that had washed up in Tanzania in East Africa .	10	Indefinite
He studied art at the Royal Academy in the Louvre , as well as with his father at the Royal Academy of Painting and Sculpture .	8	Definite
I ve had cats for 35 years and the oldest cat I 've ever had was a 23 year old female and she was exceptional .	8	Definite
You can also try practicing in front of a sympathetic friend or family member once you ’re ready for a “ real ” audience .	19	Indefinite
Started in AD 842 , this is the first Islamic building to adopt the four-courtyard layout of Sassanid palaces .	13	Definite
Please see the attached Interconnect Agreement with Questar .	2	Definite
The introduction of interim targets increases the predictability of the policy , allows for accommodating product development cycles and facilitates long term planning for interested parties .	0	Definite
The decision was made by ISO upper management with one goal in mind : to keep the lights on .	0	Definite
The present evidence relating to Atta 's alleged travel to Prague does not warrant a conclusion that Al Qaeda obtained the Ames strain from Iraq .	20	Definite
An old woman with crinkly grey hair woke up at her post outside the lavatory and opened the door , smiling and grasping a filthy cleaning rag .	0	Indefinite
Unfortunately , all the dangers in the world are no match for the self - assurance of a bubble - encased zealot .	6	Definite
Mr. MURPH ARCHIBALD ( Nephew of Red Blount ) : Well , I was coming in early in the morning and leaving in mid-evenings .	18	Definite
Only one technical study was undertaken under the current Pericles , which is planned to continue at a broader level in 2005 .	7	Definite
I plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions committee that I can compete at the graduate level .	23	Definite
Make sure all the pockets are empty .	3	Definite
When you delete a custom group that is not the last custom group in the field , the deleted group 's members automatically move to the Other group .	9	Definite
This would be necessary to keep safety standards at the level they were in northern regions previously .	9	Definite
The 22 member countries of the Arab league , from Mauritania to the Gulf States , have a total population of 300 millions , larger than the US and almost as large as the EU before its expansion .	0	Definite
Dekalb County Police Chief Louis Graham ... the man who reopened the investigations last year , is mysteriously stepping down .	11	Definite
Depending on scale , just buy a fish and make a mold from that	10	Indefinite
Since then , his successor , Christine Lagarde , has helped to restore the Fund 's reputation – and to return coverage of its programs and activities to newspapers ' dry and unemotional business sections .	13	Definite
Karim - this 's likely the explanation to your other question ...	5	Definite
I knew I had found the real deal , big pies , sold by the slice , with the pizzas sitting under the glass in the front .	18	Definite
Hydrogen peroxide reduced infected ant fatalities by 15 % , and the ants varied their intake depending upon how high the peroxide concentration was .	11	Definite
Is Fujairah a nice place to live in ?	2	Indefinite
We look to it to challenge the UK Government , to ensure that the private sector , which surely must be providing the major impetus for Structural Funds expenditure , is involved in the planning stage .	33	Definite
The last three years of the Iraq occupation , however , have sapped this confidence .	5	Definite
Frictions between the two partners have developed over a wide range of issues , including trade , the renminbi 's exchange rate , regional security , intellectual property , and cyber attacks , among others .	2	Definite
The essay , published as Undersea , was a vivid narrative of a journey along the ocean floor .	15	Definite
I saw a high starched collar , white cuffs , a light alpaca jacket , snowy trousers , a clear necktie , and varnished boots . No hat .	2	Indefinite
A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated : will NBC have its best sports broadcasters following the event after having worked the Winter Olympics ?	7	Definite
I am raising the issue just to reiterate Parliament 's position .	3	Definite
This place has the best baby and children s clothes .	3	Definite
We hypothesized that the children , who were over the age of six at the time of collection , would have adult-like SI interpretations .	3	Definite
It is on the southern point of the main island of Utu Vava'u and has an attractive setting on one of the world 's most beautiful harbours .	15	Indefinite
It is likely that the shock will dislocate or break both your arms ;	4	Definite
If someone were able to shut the system down , or hack inside and delete or corrupt the information , it could affect the prosecution of the lawbreakers .	6	Definite
a double-chinned , handsome dark blonde , the short high nose coming from the magnificent forehead , water-coloured eyes underlined with cuts of fatigue deep into each cheek .	0	Indefinite
Some schools may have students wear the same thing and others may just require any type of leotard and tights and sometimes ballet skirts .	6	Definite
I am amazed how the details get fuzzy on an old project .	4	Definite
The crust was lopsided , thicker on one side than the other .	0	Definite
By 2050 , undernourishment would increase by either 49 percent or by 27 percent , depending on the scenario .	17	Definite
Supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening , but I 'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal .	19	Indefinite
He would arrive early , never later than seven o'clock and sit there with a take-out coffee , a buttered roll , and an open newspaper on his lap , watching the glass door of the hotel .	18	Indefinite
Each calendar month during the term of the Transaction will be a Dispatch Period .	11	Indefinite
All you need to do is place your favorite combination of Skittles candies into a glass or bottle of vodka and wait for it to infuse .	14	Indefinite
According to a report prepared by a committee of Arab intellectuals and published under the auspices of the U.N. , the number of books translated by the entire Arab world is much smaller than what little Greece alone translates .	14	Definite
The ARVN rushed back from holiday leave and counterattacked .	0	Definite
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID .	7	Definite
In other words , how do they treat those with different beliefs , cultural backgrounds and ways of seeing the world ?	19	Definite
Hope you 've been storing up sleep , cause it looks like you wo n't be getting much for a while .	19	Indefinite
For example , you can specify that a control is raised , sunken , or etched .	7	Indefinite
Some confounded fact we men have been living contentedly with ever since the day of creation would start up and knock the whole thing over .	21	Definite
First you need a compatible pair .	3	Indefinite
His daughter 's condition deteriorated , to the point that the baby spent all her energy battling the infections caused by the constant breaking of the skin , leading to severe malnutrition and , eventually , her death .	10	Definite
When the French returned to Indochina at the end of WW II the Viet Minh were in control of the Red River Delta .	1	Definite
The mice will sniff the smell of cat urine and clear off in a jiffy .	0	Definite
Two of them were being run by 2 officials of the Ministry of the Interior !	13	Definite
Your amendments uphold two important principles : the right of rightholders to fair remuneration and the fine distinction concerning private digital copies .	7	Definite
It 's two to one , bottom of the ninth .	8	Definite
The FBI 's profile includes a US - based supporter of the militant islamists .	5	Indefinite
There are so many things to do that you will only use your room for sleeping and the extra cost of the balcony is wasted .	21	Definite
Is there a particular LibriVox book which you think stands out because of the quality , the overall effort involved , its popularity , or for some other reason ?	16	Definite
In the developing world , too , the vast majority of people have started to experience sustained improvement in living standards and are rapidly developing similar growth expectations .	1	Definite
However , the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list .	6	Definite
On Tuesday , the New Zealand government announced the start of a public process to suggest designs for a new national flag , and determine whether their citizens would prefer a different national flag over the current one .	11	Indefinite
If you are just applying for a birth certificate for the first time , it s simple to do it over the computer .	10	Definite
FusionRetail helps us to maintain the store in an organised way .	8	Indefinite
After that , he made a great effort to be calm .	5	Indefinite
Your appliances are also murder on the straps , which are almost always the first things to wear out on your overalls .	13	Definite
Here 's the text of the email :	2	Definite
Controls in the Form , Report , or page footer sections will be placed as unbound controls in the navigation section of the outermost group level .	2	Definite
As he turned the question over in his mind , it occurred to him that he no longer had an opinion .	19	Indefinite
If we are a member of an international rights community , then we must stay with it .	3	Indefinite
She was instructed to destroy the agreement and another would be forwarded to her with the necessary corrections and re-wording of Section 7 .	5	Definite
After you allow subscribers , a " Subscribe " button will show up on your Profile .	5	Indefinite
This is necessary to remove the excess saponins on the outside of the grains which impart a bitter flavor to quinoa if not removed .	5	Definite
I use them for my restaurant and always get compliments on the sleek look of the mac system not to mention how good the support is .	15	Definite
Everyone knows that it is politically impossible to turn to the Member States and ask for an increase in the Membership fee .	10	Definite
The First time I walked in there with my teacup chihuahua puppy I knew I 'd be here a lot .	0	Definite
You now should have six sealed envelopes , each with a piece of paper stating the above phrase , your name and address , and a $ 1.00 bill .	25	Indefinite
I found them and purchased both from a gallery in London , William Weston .	7	Indefinite
The paper-type twist ties will deteriorate a little , but the dryer filter screen will catch the fallout .	6	Indefinite
We have to remember that rural areas represent almost four fifths of the territory of the European Union .	12	Definite
And what is it that has led the Jews to place themselves , after the greatest disaster of their history , in a danger zone ?	7	Definite
Peter Dale Scott includes an account of how Terrell 's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book Cocaine Politics .	4	Indefinite
if so how quick will she adapt to a litter box inside ?	8	Indefinite
I am intrigued by the competition for trading platforms and was astonished to hear that Goldman , Morgan , BP and Shell were going to launch a site to compete with yours .	26	Indefinite
I drafted the Into TVA Option as a series of calls tied to the MOPA delivery term and quantity - not sure if this anything close to what you all had in mind .	7	Indefinite
Will we choose to live in harmony with this planet or crash and burn in a conflagration of arrogance and disregard ?	15	Indefinite
And olive oil works fine if it 's all that 's left in the pantry .	13	Definite
Electricity : A panel focuses on price hikes and the actions of the ISO president .	12	Definite
The report mentions best practice and standards in health care .	0	Definite
There 's a restaurant nearby ( walking distance ) with a great breakfast , and a market across the street .	15	Indefinite
Similarly , is invoking ancient Egyptian gods and goddesses a reaffirmation of an oppressive and hierarchical system ?	12	Indefinite
You can regulate the market , but you can not regulate nature , the weather and the harvest .	16	Definite
He cross examined witnesses relentlessly and had them break down and tell the truth .	12	Definite
Separate the colors of Skittles that you want to flavor the vodka with .	1	Definite
-- The Moon / Mars vision :	1	Definite
Last year , after all was said and done , I asked Rod whether my payment structure would leave me with no / little tax liability at the end of the year .	30	Definite
Artists reach people at their heart ; it ’s the only time we meet in one place and put our differences aside .	9	Definite
It is heartening that the European Union recognises the problems and is willing to focus on them .	8	Definite
By using the word " Islamic " as an adjective Bush was purposely not associating Muslims with fascism , hence the qualifier .	2	Definite
The numbers indicate that in his first four years , Bush not only showed up , he showed up a lot .	19	Indefinite
You ca n't beat the price for what you get .	4	Definite
Coming from a person who hates the dentist in general , Dr. Taylor was the best !	6	Definite
We use a Creative Commons license to give our community the right to fork ( http://www.wikihow.com/wikiHow:Right-to-Fork ) .	10	Definite
A silver swarm coalesces around the 164th , and she vanishes into it , like a snip of scallion into cloudy miso soup .	5	Definite
Dixam , in the centre of the island	3	Definite
The bird was on the roof of the round , thatched guest room in the garden of his old friend Roland Dando – a Welshman – newly appointed as Attorney-General .	14	Definite
i also think the National Endowment for the Arts is a waste , but i guess i would rather see my money go to the NEA than NASA .	24	Definite
The salads are limp and the rest of the food is n't any better ( ok , the nachos are not too bad ! )	8	Definite
In May , Czech border guards shot two Sudeten German farmers who were trying to cross the border into Czechoslovakia without stopping for border controls .	16	Definite
The village soil and water are now too heavily contaminated to safely occupy human life , so the plant was shut down last week .	0	Definite
they have n't heard from you in a while .	7	Indefinite
" He is a person who studies the way people live .	7	Definite
Pour the liquid mixture into the flour mixture .	5	Definite
I thought it appropriate to retable at second reading three of the 12 amendments rejected by the Council .	16	Definite
He gave no indication on the value of the highest bid .	8	Definite
The wedding had to be postponed as family members fled the outbreak of the war , she said .	13	Definite
Thanks For A Great Job	2	Indefinite
In Agra I 've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended , they found it in the Rough Guide .	16	Definite
His father was the last president to go through an entire State of the Union address without mentioning the environment .	13	Definite
Google is a nice search engine .	2	Indefinite
After brushing the Florida Keys islands on Tuesday , Rita packed winds of about 240 kilometers an hour as it headed across the Gulf of Mexico .	2	Definite
From Canada , the tourist card is normally provided on the flight .	3	Definite
I 've been fuming over this fact for a few weeks now , ever since some organizations and governments suggested we need to accept the fact that Hezbollah will get involved in running Lebanon .	24	Definite
In Europe , before the outbreak of the war , the Allies had significant advantages in both population and economics .	7	Definite
There was a scrubbed wooden table and chairs in the middle and Harry sat down on the edge of his seat , looking around .	9	Definite
If you have received it in error , please notify the sender immediately and delete the original .	15	Definite
" However , the full fuselage trainer , that every astronaut including [ former Museum of Flight CEO ] Bonnie Dunbar has been trained on , will soon call the Museum of Flight home .	29	Definite
It remains a small , quaint fishing town with laid back charm but with increasing media exposure it is growing , slowly but steadily ,	2	Indefinite
The bill reduces ISS operations by $ 120 million due to the continued reduced capability of the ISS for at least half of FY05 .	16	Definite
There 's another top predator in the ocean , it turns out .	6	Definite
It is far simpler , however , to achieve a trillion spore concentration in the production of a few grams than in industrial processing typical of a state sponsored lab .	26	Indefinite
a nation in mourning for a man of genius .	0	Indefinite
They 're our favorite pizza place to order from ... and they 're a local , family owned company !	13	Indefinite
Shakespeare 's early classical and Italianate comedies , containing tight double plots and precise comic sequences , give way in the Mid-1590s to the romantic atmosphere of his greatest comedies .	20	Definite
Jared , Ruth and I are going to go over all the Florida activity tomorrow morning .	11	Definite
A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and the Middle East .	35	Definite
An element supporting this hypothesis would be the intense royal livestock of horses that took place at Villa Pelucca , in Sesto San Giovanni .	7	Definite
As Rogers notes , " Balzac was interested in any social , political , or economic theory , whether from the right or the left .	23	Definite
Use a funnel to make everything safe and easy .	1	Indefinite
Do nt go to the one by pepco , I got confused !!!	4	Definite
The film chronicles the destruction of Carangi 's life and career as a result of her addiction to heroin , and her decline and death from AIDS in the mid-1980s .	12	Indefinite
Arial photos , loose connections to AQ Kahn and Libya make up the evidence that the group presented .	15	Definite
The city had about 391,000 people and the metro area had about 937,000 people as of 2010 from the US Census Bureau .	0	Definite
As we discussed , the following is revised disclosure regarding direct access to deal with the cost issue :	15	Definite
The first recorded works of Shakespeare are Richard III and the three parts of Henry VI , written in the early 1590 s during a vogue for historical drama .	19	Definite
Every joke has a “ target , ” which is what the joke is about .	11	Definite
The real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in B2B marketplaces .?	4	Definite
Shojai told the opening ceremony of the month - long fair in Tehran 's Palestine Contemporary Art Museum .	2	Definite
Harry Potter was a wizard – a wizard fresh from his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .	3	Indefinite
A slim little white girl slipped between them and took up Ras Asahe 's hand with the gold-metal watch-bracelet as if it were some possession she had put down ...	0	Indefinite
But if finance continues to take a disproportionate number of the best and the brightest , there could be little British manufacturing left by 2050 , and even fewer hi-tech firms than today .	10	Definite
As a boy he had spent many hours under the night sky trying to tally the clusters of pinprick lights with the shapes of bears , bulls , archers , and water carriers .	9	Definite
Hagrid seized Harry by the scruff of the neck and pulled him away from the witch , knocking the tray right out of her hands .	18	Definite
The northern portion of the Caucasus is known as the Ciscaucasus and the southern portion as the Transcaucasus .	16	Definite
Moving fields to the filter area	3	Definite
FHS is a good high school -- c / o 1998	2	Indefinite
Adam Auerbach served in an electronic-warfare unit and was returning from a military action when the helicopter in which he was flying crashed .	11	Indefinite
Leaving a jar with a dozen black worms in it will sate the adult 's desire for snacks and they are more likely to leave fry or eggs alone .	12	Definite
As the evaluation report also mentions ( p. 14 ) that the organisation of Pericles actions covered all the areas relevant to the protection of the euro :	22	Definite
With divisions , EOL does request a new Password Application for the applicant reflecting the name as you noted below .	11	Definite
I hope you have a huge network .	4	Indefinite
i have never tried feeding him a pinky that was bigger around than he is .	6	Indefinite
On the other hand , external history contains references to the history of Spanish speakers , their historical vicissitudes and the social use of the language .	24	Definite
The following morning , he paid a man to fit bars on Harry 's window .	0	Definite
Any thorough assessment of the impact of the Iraq war and its aftermath on Israel 's security environment must , therefore , closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfare .	28	Definite
Trump 's wife , Melania Trump , made her first appearance on the trail since the Republican convention in July .	15	Definite
The meeting is being held in conjunction with the third meeting of our DISCO of the Future Forum .	8	Definite
This refusal can be interpreted as indirect encouragement of the impunity and immunity of the terrorists of yesterday , today and tomorrow .	14	Definite
In the immortal words of Marilyn Monroe , " If you can make a woman laugh , you can make her do anything " ( do n't worry , ladies — the same is true for men ! )	31	Definite
And the basic idea behind the Checks and Balances we have is that if one branch of the Government goes crazy , the other two can hold it down .	22	Definite
The work was completed within one week , and everything was cleaned up on completion .	0	Definite
Instead , they decided that Albania would be under Ottoman suzerainty but with an autonomous government .	13	Indefinite
After the sinking of the Titanic in 1912 , was there a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking ?	1	Definite
The XML protocol is a set of rules , guidelines , and conventions for designing data formats and structures , in a way that produces files that are easy to generate and easily read by different computers and applications .	21	Indefinite
You can improve the overall security of your account by updating your security information .	3	Definite
We have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose .	9	Definite
Stored in an underground vault at Gringotts in London was a small fortune that his parents had left him .	10	Indefinite
The report is also imprudent in introducing issues not included in the mandate given by the Conference of Presidents .	15	Definite
On the pilot 's advice they were moved farther into port by two tugs .	1	Definite
Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .	17	Definite
The Silver Clouds installation were silver balloons blown up with helium , and those balloons filled one of the smaller rooms in the gallery .	18	Definite
Neiafu offers all the usual amenities including banks , schools , tour companies , restaurants , cafes and bars , supermarkets , a market and a hospital .	25	Indefinite
Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality : PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	8	Definite
The Schlei and the wetlands between the Danevirke and Husum had frozen solid in a hard winter , and the territory immediately south of the Danevirke had been conquered by the advancing German army .	3	Definite
Among those who championed him were the writers Voltaire , Goethe , Stendhal and Victor Hugo .	6	Definite
Deal table in the middle , plain chairs all round the walls , on one end a large shining map , marked with all the colors of a rainbow .	24	Definite
The RSPB ’s stance has also brought it into conflict with many leading conservationists , from the author of the petition , Mark Avery , to the TV presenter Chris Packham .	16	Definite
Rafferty released two further albums in the 1990s in what musician Tom Robinson later described as " a major return to form " .	17	Indefinite
It can ward off and cure a number of diseases , keeps the body youthful and enables an easy delivery in childbirth .	6	Indefinite
As it stands , MKM and I will probably bring it up with Sommer in OK City and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers .	20	Definite
Unfortunately , at its last vote on the subject Parliament approved these subsidies by a majority .	14	Indefinite
Mrs Weasley felt right into the corners before sweeping the whole lot into her bag .	9	Definite
( 29 ) It is in the interest of the functioning of the internal market to have standards which have been harmonised at Community level .	6	Definite
Because of an international medical convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as our meetings , the Grand Hyatt unfortunately is already booked .	2	Indefinite
Imagine the growing regrets , the longing to escape , the powerless disgust , the surrender , the hate .	14	Definite
Combining marketing solutions on Facebook for a positive ROI .	6	Indefinite
30 - Length of time in months between Enron 's collapse and Lay ( whom the President called " Kenny Boy " ) still not being charged with a crime .	28	Indefinite
According to the director 's own count , to date he has made eight feature films .	2	Definite
The painting is based upon the hymn called , ' A Charge to Keep . '	0	Definite
You ll find world-class museums and cultural events , professional sports and amusement parks , and the most golf courses per capita in the United States .	23	Definite
Such controls will be left unbound on a page .	7	Indefinite
Aunt Petunias high , false laugh sounded from the living room .	8	Definite
The new TW Hotline was implemented Monday which included customer notification in the form of a Popup message in TMS and a Critical Notice which sent an Email .	21	Indefinite
If you have limited options , try the bathroom .	7	Definite
As the evaluation report also mentions ( p. 14 ) that the organisation of Pericles actions covered all the areas relevant to the protection of the euro :	11	Definite
In order to improve its prospects , South Korea must pursue economic reform and restructuring , with an emphasis on maximizing its human - capital resources – especially women .	17	Indefinite
Yet here you sit at dinner with charming people in a dining room like any other .	10	Indefinite
Thought adding a comment would save someone the hassle with a useless trip there .	2	Indefinite
As the counterman swung into action , he spoke over his shoulder to Quinn .	1	Definite
Madam President , our colleague , Mr Cox , has done some excellent work on the Commission 's proposal .	15	Definite
By the time a man is wise enough to watch his step , he 's too old to go anywhere .	1	Definite
" The future is only peace . The problem is how long will it take and how many victims will it call for . "	7	Definite
North Korea ’s Kim Jong Ill also has the bomb at the top of his list and Santa seems to have already come a few years ago .	8	Definite
The appropriate forum for the settlement of this dispute is the World Trade Organisation .	10	Definite
From the later 1800s to the 1920s Mérida enjoyed prosperous boom times fueled by the henequen or sisal plant harvest , which made Yucatán the rope maker to the world .	5	Definite
There is also the Desert Rose ( adenium obesium ) which looks like a blooming elephant leg .	3	Definite
Western and Afghan diplomats intimately involved with the meeting , said Bush pushed Musharraf hard on reigning in the Taliban so the elections could take place peacefully .	7	Definite
In the 20-minute PlayStation VR demonstration of Batman : Arkham VR , players are dropped down a secret elevator in Bruce Wayne 's manor , to the Bat Cave , to suit up .	1	Definite
I think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards , but I wonder about the most appropriate timing , enough of a global message and the means of delivery .	29	Indefinite
At the Olympic Games in 2004 in Athens , Ulrich , as winner of the street race , pursued the goal of winning his second gold medal .	1	Definite
“ The elections should be a reassurance to all our neighbours that a stable Afghanistan , a peaceful Afghanistan is good for all .	16	Indefinite
The Saudis are beginning to understand it , but they fight the inner circles , while still financing the infrastructure at the outer circle .	21	Definite
In the airport , follow the signs that say " Paris by train " .	1	Definite
I remembered the old doctor , – ' It would be interesting for science to watch the mental changes of individuals , on the spot .	23	Definite
An XML schema file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document , providing a series of element names , as well as which elements are allowed in the document and in what combinations .	0	Indefinite
When the bars were safely in the back seat with Ron , Fred reversed as close as possible to Harry 's window .	6	Definite
The position taken by Foreign Minister Maurice Jobert in the October War of 1973 was that the Palestinian Arabs had a natural and justified desire to " go home . "	9	Definite
Then , just as suddenly as the thought had appeared , it vanished .	6	Definite
The situation is also explained by the Asian and Russian crises , which also deprive the European Union of a potential market .	0	Definite
His delight in killing people became a campaign issue in 2000 when he seemed , in one debate , to enjoy the prospect of executing wrong - doers a little too much .	28	Indefinite
The Chatnam Islands ( Rekohu in the indigenous Moriori language ) are the eastern-most settled islands in New Zealand .	0	Definite
the camera only begins to work again when i take out the battery and put it back in .	11	Definite
The worst Burger King restaurant !!!	0	Definite
My cat s Called Frank because the year we got him was the year Frank Sinatra died	6	Definite
She gave a small , self-questioning shrug , admitting the glibness of another kind of daily talk in another time .	9	Definite
Because they had room to do 5000 , they created the larger amount , and shipped them early .	10	Definite
I frequent this resturant on a weekly basis but usally only for lunch .	5	Indefinite
Dr. Eric Fortier , 34 , of Gatineau , Que. , used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on Baffin Island , just south of the Arctic Circle , to save two friends who were being mauled .	12	Indefinite
give them to a library or burn them .	3	Indefinite
My Group will therefore support the common position and looks forward to the enactment of the legislation which will provide us with yet another tool in our fight to make transport in the European Union as safe as possible .	12	Definite
Jane , on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .	15	Indefinite
The historical city hall in Obermarsberg originates from the 13th century and was refurbished after the Thirty Years ' War .	0	Definite
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution .	5	Definite
In summary the planned systems changes and manual substantiation efforts are behind schedule .	2	Definite
For this question I do n't know the ' preparedness ' of the Indian gov't to deal with this .	7	Definite
It was because of the discredited policies of his own Conservative Party .	4	Definite
Its projected demand , boosted by a huge rise in car ownership as well as the need to find alternatives to polluting coal for electricity generation , has contributed to the surge in the price of oil this year .	15	Definite
It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name .	13	Definite
Take a sieve , line it with a piece of cheesecloth ( muslin ) or a coffee filter , place above a large jug and pour the vodka through slowly .	15	Indefinite
As noted earlier , all analyses were weighted according to the survey weight provided by the Add Health research staff and standard errors were corrected for the clustering and stratification that defined the sampling strategy .	10	Definite
That was the day that GOD 'S CURSE fell upon the world of Rock .	2	Definite
When the cloud disperses , she ’s standing on one of the Stock Exchange ’s upside-down overhangs .	1	Definite
Neither the facts nor the deformations , the insidious platitudes of the media ( tormenting because the underlying realities are so huge and so terrible ) , can be screened out .	7	Definite
Paul was going out with Heather , but in front of the audience he played the faithful husband 's masquerade pretending to suffer for Linda , for the afore mentioned promotional ends .	27	Definite
The latter date can only have fallen on a Friday if an exceptional leap month had been introduced that year , but this was favoured by Newton .	8	Indefinite
Wire cages are NOT acceptable for dwarfs really , unless the bars have less than half a cm between them .	16	Indefinite
The salespeople are never available , the lines are always too long , and all the people want is a sale .	0	Definite
hard to forgive such an awful margarita and steep prices but the food can be good	11	Definite
I discovered that a lot of imported drainage-pipes for the settlement had been tumbled in there .	3	Indefinite
Are you back in the office yet ?	4	Definite
Colombo held six rounds of talks with the Tigers between September 2002 and March 2003 .	7	Definite
Because of my academic and professional background , I understand the issues and challenges facing Virginia much better than the other candidates , and I am offering real solutions that can be appreciated across the political spectrum .	34	Definite
I think Darfur is , again , the last , or among the last battles between old and new .	12	Definite
Although the performance records are patchy , the King 's Men performed seven of Shakespeare 's plays at court between 1 November 1604 and 31 October 1605 , including two performances of The Merchant of Venice .	1	Definite
After all , the volume of production could not possibly expand enough to reemploy everyone who lost their job as a handloom weaver as a machine - minder or a carpet - seller , could it ?	29	Indefinite
I know it can take a while for results and did n't expect a miracle , but after 2 months I felt like it was not entirely worth the cost / time .	13	Indefinite
( You can hear the wind while driving on highway .	4	Definite
Lights are optinal since fish need the light turn off at night anyways and an air pump is not nessasary since they get air from the surface .	6	Definite
In 1928 , a 90 - hectare golf course was built in the north - eastern part of the park , next to the racetrack .	12	Definite
But from the way the light was coming through the windows , it seemed to be almost noon .	4	Definite
For Kerber , the season finale nevertheless marks the end of an unbelievable year .	11	Indefinite
According to many scientists , the early results of global warming — 90 degree Fahrenheit water temperatures in the Gulf and rising sea levels — may have exacerbated the destructive power of Katrina .	5	Definite
This will put new limits on the nature of the environmental changes that overtook the Earth and sent so many species - not just the dinosaurs - into oblivion .	9	Definite
And MEK -- the Iranian ( not Iraqi ) terror group in question -- is itself unquestionably a cult :	17	Indefinite
In 1606 the name of William 's daughter Susanna appears on a list of those who failed to attend Easter communion in Stratford .	11	Indefinite
And the air is strangely clear .	1	Definite
It was completed rather late in the war ; although a number of B-29s were equipped with Eagle and it worked well , it came too late to make much difference .	6	Definite
From SNAP 's statement on the Robinson conviction :	5	Definite
The good numbers in Asia promptly pushed the stock markets up .	7	Definite
On the one hand , the IPN report agreed " Climate models generally predict that the temperature rises in the Arctic will substantially exceed the global rise .	5	Definite
continued financial deepening worldwide ( that is , faster growth of financial assets than of the real economy ) , and London 's maintenance of its share of the global financial business .	28	Definite
Randy , this is the issue I left you the voice mail on .	9	Definite
What do the new al - Qaeda videotape and audio speeches of Bin Laden and Ayman al - Zawahiri tell us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the organization ?	30	Definite
When the elevator is going from the bottom floor to the top , as soon as the doors close , exclaim that you lost your tarantula / snake / scorpion but confirm that it is somewhere in the elevator .	6	Definite
You should use the same spreadsheet format used for the 1/29/02 DPR .	9	Definite
However , the filter settings are retained , so that when you turn autofiltering back on , the data that was previously displayed or hidden is again displayed or hidden .	17	Definite
This left Westmoreland with few options , so he adapted a Search and Destroy strategy instead of a Clear and Defend strategy which is , in the long run , the preferred method of pacifying an insurgency .	17	Indefinite
Traffic congestion on the main arterial roads serving the city ( especially the A19 on Bootham and the Inner Ring Road ) can get very bad , especially during the rush hours and on Saturday mornings .	12	Definite
You will also have the pleasure of learning the Italiano language .	8	Definite
There must be a reason so many people like it there .	3	Indefinite
However , the result from Ordinary Least Squares was not as expected due to different sign for both slope & intercept .	2	Definite
i m traveling to lourdes for a day	6	Indefinite
For example , the Count function returns a count of all the records without Null values .	7	Indefinite
Elliott was attending his father 's funeral on the day of the race .	8	Definite
The United States has shown that it holds negotiations in contempt .	0	Definite
It was noted that some countries showed a low level of participation , among them some of the euro area countries .	7	Indefinite
The Hatfill Theory ironically might best be understood as an Al Qaeda theory , with a coincidental Malaysian connection adding to the other circumstances .	21	Definite
I have a western pleasure appy that s really heavy on her left lead at the lope ?	15	Definite
A young woman leaned her elbows on it and her white breasts pursed forward within the frame of her arms .	15	Definite
However , this difference may need to be adjusted for following a final review and signoff of system p&l values with traders .	11	Indefinite
3 ) After about day 2 , they will start to eating the millet spray from your hand .	12	Definite
Hope you unde$tood the me$$age I do have an " S " key on my computer .	8	Indefinite
And from a place that specializes in high quality meat , too .	2	Indefinite
On Friday , fishermen rescued over 700 asylum seekers whose boat sank , and the Indonesian Navy reportedly saved 200 more after they were found swimming along the coast of Aceh , Indonesia .	27	Definite
Although Balzac was a supporter of the crown , Balzac paints the counter - revolutionaries in a sympathetic light - even though they are the center of the book 's most brutal scenes .	27	Definite
He called the next day to see if everything was to my satisfaction .	2	Definite
The SQL Server must be running on the same computer as the Access project .	7	Definite
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	20	Indefinite
# 2 the decor is tasteful and artistic , from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixtures .... and ( most importantly ) # 3 the food is FANTASTIC .	2	Definite
“ I do n’t know what G.D.P. growth was during the Washington and Lincoln Administrations , but the institutional developments in those terms had large and long - lasting effects . ”	17	Definite
Fill in the subject , this will be the header that everyone sees as they scroll through the list of postings in a particular group , click the post message button .	2	Definite
Such a formal orientation that typifies this type of structural equivalence is called a " gloss translation " in which the translator aims at reproducing as literally and meaningfully as possible the form and content of the original .	36	Definite
I ask one of the hostesses when I may expect to receive a drink and she cries out in irritation , " Back to your seat ! "	4	Definite
It 's twice my size and eats a rabbit once a month .	7	Indefinite
The database was unveiled in 1999 as the National Enforcement Management Information System and Intelligence System .	0	Definite
the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open - ended downside , loses $ 50 million , and then claims that it was not a valid contract .	12	Indefinite
He had driven home , slowing down on the empty road that led through the fullness of a deserted summer twilight , at last , to the house .	17	Indefinite
That was our reaction to all of the J-Lo stuff .	7	Definite
" What a man he would have been had he known how to write !	2	Indefinite
Dengue fever is a leading cause of illness and death in the tropics and subtropics , with as many as 100 million people infected each year .	11	Definite
To view and modify the contents of a PivotTable view by using Excel , you can export the PivotTable view to Excel .	7	Indefinite
" Today " , said Hugo at the ceremony , " we have a people in black because of the death of the man of talent ;	7	Definite
Google has finally had an analyst day -- a chance to present the company 's story to the ( miniscule number of ) people who have n't heard it .	8	Indefinite
And China relied heavily on the US dollar to anchor its undervalued currency , allowing it to boost its export competitiveness .	5	Definite
Finding a balance between your personal and professional lives may be one of the year 's strongest challenges .	13	Definite
Start the conversation casually .	1	Definite
The only thing that was edible was the steamed rice and the vegetable lo mein was barely tolerable .	11	Definite
That is why leaders and policymakers from across the continent have declared 2014 Africa 's Year of Agriculture and Food Security .	8	Definite
I mean there ’s certainly signs of it , and in the United States too , in fact we had a sit down strike in the United States not long ago , which is a very militant labor action .	20	Indefinite
He was great by this little thing that it was impossible to tell what could control such a man .	17	Indefinite
And it can be a very complicated thing , what human health is .	4	Indefinite
European-American settlement of the area commenced in the 1860s , and in 1911 the completion of the first of several large reservoirs in the mountains north and east of Phoenix insured its success as a center for irrigation-based agriculture .	13	Definite
From May to September there are southeast trade winds but during the summer months the winds are from the northeast .	14	Definite
This made him the object of ridicule among his much wealthier schoolmates .	3	Definite
Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress , Risk 2001 Australia , which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001 .	8	Definite
It 's the water pumped into the tanks for ballast and then pumped out again that pollutes the seas , says John .	2	Definite
You can apply a filter to a row or column field to show the top or bottom n items based on a total .	13	Definite
Many times mice are drawn into homes on the search for food .	8	Definite
In early June 2003 , a CIA report concluded that the reason for Atta 's and Zacarias Moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	26	Definite
By the way , I am interested in re-looking at a Picasso ( although we have 2 ) that your gallery had a couple of years ago .	10	Indefinite
We are the downtrodden and dispossesed , the self - torturing , the disenfranchised convicts , drug and alcohol addicts , the unemployed and unemployable .	2	Definite
Complexities surrounding the operation of the Off Balance Sheet Facility ( " OBSF " ) which commenced two weeks before the year end .	20	Definite
i was very pleased with the service .	5	Definite
He also designed furniture and houses for the wealthy as well as coins and medals , including the insignia of the Society of the Cincinnati .	20	Definite
He can eat grain and I already have a feed regimen in my head for the guy since he ca n't eat regular hay .	15	Definite
Tires were the right price and now the car feels like it is riding on rails around turns .	7	Definite
Was it a badge – an ornament – a charm – a propitiatory act ?	8	Indefinite
It had been eating dog food the whole time .	6	Definite
Cleveland is the urban center of Northeast Ohio , the 15th largest combined metropolitan area in the United States .	9	Definite
34.6 m - Number of Americans living below the poverty line ( 1 in 8 of the population ) .	8	Definite
by the way , buy it now b/c it is going to 100 by year end .	1	Definite
Nothing good would ever happen – and certainly not for the US .	10	Definite
Everyone has the right to an effective remedy by the competent national tribunals for acts violating the fundamental rights granted him by the constitution or by law .	22	Definite
It is trying to play ice hockey by sending a ballerina ice - skater into the ring or to knock out a heavyweight boxer by a chess player .	21	Indefinite
It is crucial to stop Saudi and other financial support of the outer circle , which is the fertile breeding ground of terror .	17	Definite
It was incredible what a good player Alena was .	4	Indefinite
" What was wanted was an elite to underpin the rulers , themselves in turn supported and buttressed by a population which presumably understood , approved , and legitimated the aims of such an elite .	19	Indefinite
Google the term or find photography supplies websites and put it in the search box ( or look for studio equipment supplies ) .	1	Definite
I have visited Dr. Cooper 's office twice and I am very impressed with how friendly and polite the staff is .	18	Definite
This type of harness goes around the dog s chest and legs and has a clip for the leash up on the back of the dog in middle of shoulder blades .	24	Definite
I 've been to this shop twice ( once for an inspection and again for an oil change ) and they truly live up to their name : Discount !	10	Indefinite
I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $ 65 puts are in the money and the $ 75 call is also in the money .	27	Definite
1987 was proclaimed the " Year of the River " by the Lord Mayor of Brisbane at the time , Sallyanne Atkinson .	3	Definite
We will try to complete the I/C with the earliest in - service date possible , but with conditions as they are , a realistic date would be June 15 , 2002 .	5	Definite
Joe removed a wasp nest for our condominium building and we appreciated the environmentally friendly method and prompt , friendly and informative service .	2	Indefinite
Is the distinction accurate and valid ?	1	Definite
I 'm not sure about the origin of the name but they are a lot of different cities with different and unique names like Miramar so it 's just a name .	8	Definite
The wires have been humming since before the New Year with reports that the Bush administration is planning an attack on Iran .	7	Definite
The highly coloured lithograph of the Faithful Hero seemed to look dimly , in the light of one candle , at the man with no faith in anything except the truth of his own sensations .	0	Definite
They have lunch and siesta , then go back to work for a few hours in the late afternoon .	12	Indefinite
Fill the box to the brim and seal the lid .	1	Definite
All the carriers were speaking together , and in the midst of the uproar the lamentable voice of the chief agent was heard ' giving it up ' tearfully for the twentieth time that day ...	30	Definite
It seemed as though things had ground to a halt in there .	8	Indefinite
In the field far below he could see a gang of gnomes sneaking , one by one , back through the Weasleys hedge .	20	Definite
Mohamed was a VIP guest at the Google Science Fair this weekend , and was able to meet finalists at the event held at Google 's headquarters located in Mountain View , California .	6	Definite
Here is the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday .	2	Definite
Long after his death , similar structures were built in the form of the San Francisco – Oakland Bay Bridge and the Transbay Tube , and there have been campaigns to rename the bridge " The Emperor Norton Bridge " .	32	Definite
One of only two National Historic Scenic Reserves in New Zealand ( the other is the Waitangi Treaty Grounds ) , Hapupu is a special place , and somewhere that you will want to tell others about .	12	Definite
Shahar leads me down from the Mishkenot Sha'ananim , which stands on a slope and faces Mount Zion and the Old City , to the Gai-Hinnom ( Gehenna of tradition ) , where worshipers of Moloch once sacrificed their children .	24	Definite
If all the controls that you 've selected share the same property setting , that setting appears in the property sheet ; otherwise , that property box is blank .	18	Definite
The space under the bleachers was secret and dark .	3	Definite
The men said ' My dear fellow ' and did nothing .	0	Definite
The restaurant is the most beautiful thai restaurant in Geelong ... just love it	3	Definite
Code in a form or report that can not run from a data access page is imported into the page as a comment block at the end of the document .	18	Definite
You can also transform the data to another presentation format using an Extensible Style Language ( XSL ) file during the export process .	4	Definite
People who study ballet also retain flexibility throughout their adult lives , making this technique the basis of training for all types of dance .	15	Definite
They had been drinking at a pub called the Midnight - the centre of the heavy metal scene in Milan - and they never came home .	8	Definite
Changing the ANSI SQL query mode in an existing application .	1	Definite
When creating a data access page , you can choose whether you want to link the page to a connection file or simply use a connection file without creating a link .	24	Indefinite
Libertarians share many policy positions with each of the major parties .	8	Definite
To a certain extent , ensuring equal opportunities for men and women is like trying to attain the unattainable .	1	Indefinite
You 'll want to find the right screw reassemble something without having to pick it out of 100 others when you get there .	5	Definite
At last , panting , they reached the landing , then carried the trunk through Harry 's room to the open window .	7	Definite
You can randomly select items from a row or column field and group them into higher-level groups .	6	Indefinite
10 . In Collateral Requests , insert a comma after deposit in the last line .	12	Definite
Over the past 50 years , the destruction of habitat surrounding agricultural land has degraded approximately 40 % of agricultural land worldwide via erosion , salinization , compaction , nutrient depletion , pollution , and urbanization .	1	Definite
I was married by a judge .	4	Indefinite
Former Russian bioweaponeer Ken Alibek has said that a key Russian scientist assisted Iraq and that Russia had the Ames strain .	18	Definite
Controls in the Form , Report , or page header sections will be placed as unbound controls in the caption section of the outermost group level .	22	Definite
Has the internet helped or hurt magic ?	1	Definite
The Communists thought they could defeat the ARVN , cause the fall of the South Vietnamese government , and the people would than rally to the Communist cause and leave the Americans stranded in a sea of angry peasants .	6	Definite
Broad sections of the population having access to these new forms of knowledge and learning is something we should very much welcome .	3	Definite
Where several versions of a play survive , each differs from the other .	4	Indefinite
For reasons that were never made clear to him , he suddenly felt an irresistible urge for a particular red notebook at the bottom .	17	Indefinite
It was widely published among the militant islamists that martyrs go to paradise " in the hearts of green birds . "	5	Definite
We get over 14 million unique visitors per month ( source : Google Analytics ) , which makes us the 135th most popular site according to Quantcast .	19	Definite
She is a pure b**** !!!	2	Indefinite
Jason and the boys can do about anything you need .	2	Definite
THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to " breathe " .	2	Definite
When you open a page , Access reads the connection file that is linked to the page , and based on the contents of the connection file , connects the page to the appropriate data source .	8	Definite
Hackney 's has a great burger formula that started about 80 years ago .	3	Indefinite
Everything had been reduced to chance , a nightmare of numbers and probabilities .	7	Indefinite
' He sealed the utterance with that smile of his , as though it had been a door opening into a darkness he had in his keeping .	16	Indefinite
I thought of bacon and eggs , toast with peach jam out of the jar .	13	Definite
I am amazed how the details get fuzzy on an old project .	9	Indefinite
He eats all of his grain but it just takes him a while to get it chewed because of the lack of muscle in his jaws .	19	Definite
The municipality of Jerusalem is planning to build a new road and will tear the Jordanian one up .	0	Definite
The most important thing is that you are comfortable , and that you 're not wearing baggy or loose fitting clothing so you can make sure you 're forming and moving correctly in the mirror .	33	Definite
The self of the individual lies hidden in the innermost layers of existence ( kosas ) .	8	Definite
1987 was proclaimed the " Year of the River " by the Lord Mayor of Brisbane at the time , Sallyanne Atkinson .	11	Definite
From there , the demonstration took players to investigate the murder of Nightwing .	9	Definite
The beating that these countries ' currencies have taken as the US Federal Reserve begins to tighten monetary policy is just the start ;	21	Definite
ca n't go to any more lsu games unless i get a free ticket .	11	Indefinite
Revolutionary re-enactments , and breathtaking views of the GW Bridge , the Little Red Light House , Hudson River and majestic city skyline .	7	Definite
the attitude of some staff is terrible , did not solve anything only say i can do nothing .	0	Definite
Also one can keep their privacy in the cabins and make the time in seclusion .	7	Definite
P.S. By the way , did you have a chance to take a look at the EOL ?	12	Indefinite
I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted ( a reball ) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price .	25	Definite
Talk about a beat - your - head - against - the - wall moment !	2	Indefinite
" In the years before the 2008 financial crisis , more than a third of Harvard MBAs , and a similar proportion of graduates of the London School of Economics , went to work for financial firms .	19	Indefinite
" Then I will give you a sandwich , but only on one condition .	6	Indefinite
In the first place , there are the creators .	7	Definite
After he finished eating , Quinn wandered over to the stationery shelves .	9	Definite
Priority shall be given to such measures as will least disturb the functioning of the internal market .	11	Definite
Alternatively , you can take the M1 all the way to the A64 , but the upper reaches of the M1 around Sheffield and Leeds can get very congested , especially in the rush hours .	19	Definite
The next morning , and for many mornings to follow , Quinn posted himself on a bench in the middle of the traffic island at Broadway and 99th Street .	21	Definite
Madam President , there has clearly been a misunderstanding .	7	Indefinite
Łódź ( Pronounced : Wootch ) is Poland 's third biggest city , and the capital of the Łódzkie Voivodship .	14	Definite
The discovery of a number of ' bugs ' within the AS400 Merchanting code , arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality , which compounded the operational burden of supporting the OBSF .	26	Definite
Meiring 's crimes are fresh , and wave the false flag which is the " War on Terror . "	8	Definite
Human rights are below any reasonable standard , in spite of the grotesque fact that Libya was elected Chair of the UN Human Rights commission .	11	Definite
I just got a call from Dave and Frank and they tell me I have a whole week this time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade Australian financial power .	15	Indefinite
What do they want to hear how you had to go round to the back door of the missionary 's house ?	13	Definite
I used one of these cages short term for a pet and it was n't that great to be honest , pretty cheaply made , the door springs are annoying and it does n't last very well .	9	Indefinite
We are absolutely confident that Stuart 's ethical and focused strategies will see these trends continue to grow , and our business will reap the rewards of this program .	24	Definite
You 'll find the ultimate power is the ability to choose your own destiny .	3	Definite
When creating a data access page , you can choose whether you want to link the page to a connection file or simply use a connection file without creating a link .	2	Indefinite
Maybe if you post the question again , someone will give you a good answer .	12	Indefinite
Can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am ( Houston ) which is 11 am ( Sao Paulo ) on Friday , Sept. 17 ?	3	Definite
Then , this month , it said that it opposed moves to refer Iran 's nuclear stand - off with the International Atomic Energy Agency to the United Nations Security Council .	20	Definite
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement , and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what 's in the draft ?	8	Definite
A health - conscious president	0	Indefinite
When creating a new password , be sure that it is at least 6 characters in length and that you use a complex string of numbers , letters , and punctuation marks .	2	Indefinite
Contrary to the Commission proposals , we must preserve the current procedure known as the Article 43 procedure .	14	Definite
You may regard my views as those of the proverbial taxi driver , which you are supposed to question , when you visit a country .	8	Definite
The top two are going ' head to head ' in a final vote on that opens on Wednesday on - http://www.stuff.co.nz/dominion-post/	0	Definite
A person can take it directly instead of others completing behavioral checklists or a completing a lengthy program intensive test like TOVA .	0	Indefinite
Gives control over the limbs .	3	Definite
Alexanian said to Pablo Casals after a performance of some of the suites , You made three bad mistakes .	11	Definite
If a Turkish employee quits , then the Turkish work councils come .	1	Indefinite
Cook the quinoa in the oven for roughly 20 minutes , or until most of the liquid is gone .	1	Definite
" We believe the action we took addressed a severe concern , '' Robinson said .	3	Definite
In ’72 or ’73 , if you were a pilot , active or Guard , and you had an obligation and wanted to get out , no problem .	8	Indefinite
The drugs and arms travel in all directions .	0	Definite
The young Hasid recoils when the tray is handed to me .	0	Definite
The only thing that was edible was the steamed rice and the vegetable lo mein was barely tolerable .	0	Definite
Just the fact that those were the lead stories for so many days , in everything from US Weekly to Time Magazine .	6	Definite
I have stayed in this hotel many times , and while it typically offers a decent bang for the buck , its client base largely consists of troubled youngsteers and evictees from the local , not so pleasant hood .	14	Indefinite
One minister reportedly handed out 100 dollar ' gifts ' to journalists attending a press conference for Allawi , a practice that brings back bad memories to many Iraqis .	19	Indefinite
This has to do with one of the few buildings in the city center that was spared from destruction by the end of the Second World War .	23	Definite
If you have a strong aversion to this outcome , aiming head-downward before impact in the manner of an Olympic diver may ensure the destruction of your cranium and your immediate demise .	23	Definite
These three little ones do n't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice Dad , but I 'm sure they 'll find out soon .	14	Indefinite
Moreover , seeing someone perform on the internet takes away the use of our senses , originality and imagination that reading and thinking about magic can produce .	6	Definite
The painting is based upon the hymn called , ' A Charge to Keep . '	10	Indefinite
Yeah , I think Jeff wrote on one of his posts here in the past several months : " To hell with death " .	13	Definite
In the corner is a girl in a headscarf and jeans who looks so unassuming I think it ’s another assistant .	1	Definite
Right away they told us that it was the same great food with the same prices so off we went .	13	Definite
I have just another brief comment on the foreign trade aspect .	7	Definite
An XML schema file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document , providing a series of element names , as well as which elements are allowed in the document and in what combinations .	9	Definite
Noticed a few of these Cookie cutter places opening in Summit and New Providence .	1	Indefinite
An embarrassment to the US still , just not as embarrassing as having the old killer strut about Miami , gloating in his freedom .	3	Definite
As a result , Trump is n't very worried about the Latin American vote at a national level .	15	Indefinite
The Canaanite city was destroyed in a fire , presumably in the wake of a campaign by the Egyptian pharaoh Thutmose III .	14	Indefinite
If she has no male to fertilize the eggs , the eggs will aways be infertile .	10	Definite
A sacrococcygeal teratoma is a tumour that develops before birth and grows from a baby 's tailbone .	0	Indefinite
She was , however , reading a book , a paperback with a lurid cover , and Quinn leaned over ever so slightly to his right to catch a glimpse of the title .	6	Indefinite
As you can tell from the time of my e-mail , I am getting crushed .	5	Definite
It will give you a lot more power , as well as control over how your black and white photo looks :	4	Indefinite
He did not like the girl sitting next to him , and it offended him that she should be casually skimming the pages that had cost him so much effort .	21	Definite
He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .	2	Definite
I spent quite a bit because I spoil my little princess .	3	Indefinite
can you please give me an update on where you are in the negotiations of the ISDA with the following counterparties and confirm which Enron entity you are negotiating on behalf of .	18	Definite
I ve been dating a man from brittany france for a couple of months now .	10	Indefinite
A senior DOJ official reports that Adnan has experience as a commercial pilot .	10	Indefinite
Greene 's attack is the earliest surviving mention of Shakespeare 's career in the theatre .	13	Definite
This refers to the alleged scanning of all Usenet traffic by the National Security Agency ( and possibly other intelligence organizations ) for interesting keywords .	11	Definite
Subscribers can see only the things you share publicly .	4	Definite
The name was derived from the founder 's name Dr. Michael Cowpland .	0	Definite
He has returned from a voyage , he is out in the sun shining from the hills of Moab , he is drinking aquavit with a dear friend , looking over at Mount Zion .	4	Indefinite
territory is very important to cats , and they are very nervous when they go into a new place - a new house could be full of predators , or unknown menaces - well at least he thinks so .	20	Indefinite
Martin 's box is working wonderfully - I 'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by Friday .	17	Definite
Not like that room you had with the Muggles .	7	Definite
However , save some of your shots for the rest of the falls , as in total there are around 270 cascades that spread out over nearly 2 miles of the Iguazu River .	8	Definite
The sauce was dry and the enchiladas did not taste good . at all .	5	Definite
When you move a field to the category area , the unique items of data are displayed as categories , or related groups of data .	3	Indefinite
If You create a Derivative Work , upon notice from any Licensor You must , to the extent practicable , remove from the Derivative Work any reference to such Licensor or the Original Author , as requested .	31	Definite
Harry heard from Hogwarts one sunny morning about a week after he had arrived at The Burrow .	8	Indefinite
In a Hadith the Messenger of Allah explains that the souls of the martyrs are in the hearts of green birds that fly wherever they please in the Paradise .	1	Indefinite
After 1608 , they performed at the indoor Blackfriars Theatre during the winter and the Globe during the summer .	14	Definite
Of course the paper written by Mr Eichelberger and his Egyptian collaborators states that the purpose of the Nasser seizure of power was " to solve the pressing social and political problems which made the revolution necessary . "	26	Definite
I had the impression he 'll be ambassador to U.N.	2	Definite
Companies may try to set up a firewall between sensitive systems and foreign powers , but it does not always work .	6	Indefinite
This makes your first language a proto-language — a language that branches off into a family of languages .	14	Indefinite
A recent example of weather control was China 's preparation for the 2008 Summer Olympic Games .	0	Indefinite
Traffic congestion on the main arterial roads serving the city ( especially the A19 on Bootham and the Inner Ring Road ) can get very bad , especially during the rush hours and on Saturday mornings .	17	Definite
Despite the release of a photo this morning , police in B.C. say they have more questions than answers about an apparently homeless man charged in the fatal stabbing of a teen girl at her Abbotsford high school .	26	Definite
The Canadian investigator of the plane crash Larry Vance told SPIEGEL that he is convinced that one of the pilots had intended to land the machine on the ocean surface - so that it would sink .	27	Definite
Karzai also has to deal with the stepped up rivalry between India and Pakistan in Afghanistan .	6	Definite
Argentina intend to press ahead even given the concern about taxes , etc .	7	Definite
He felt a bit awkward .	2	Indefinite
But Carney argues that , on the contrary , the rest of the British economy benefits from having a global financial center in its midst .	9	Definite
When people are searching using the virtual microscope , they will be looking not for the particles , but for the tracks that the particles make , which are much larger — several microns in diameter .	15	Definite
Conversions resulted in positive ROI which is unique for ANA considering their product is not an impulse purchase for most people and Japan is not traditionally seen as a leisure destination .	28	Indefinite
Australia 's Royal National Park , established in 1879 , was the world 's second officially established national park .	11	Definite
This atmosphere makes the American commonplace " out of this world " true enough to give your soul a start .	3	Definite
We all laughed at the idea , except for a chemist with a crooked nose and rouge caked in the creases of her face , who was incensed .	9	Indefinite
These islands sit aside the vital sea lanes of the Strait of Malacca , through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily , bringing in oil for the Far East and Southeast Asia .	9	Definite
It will help inspire young people to the adventure of space and to the excitement of a career in science , technology , engineering and math . "	7	Definite
It was the farthest point of navigation and the culminating point of my experience .	2	Definite
$ 59,339 - Amount the Bush campaign reimbursed Enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign .	4	Definite
Guests of the lodge can meander around either a short easy walk , or take the longer 2 hr return walk out onto the spectacular beach .	23	Definite
Thought you 'd like to know that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the Compaq Center ... it 's all about you and your needs .	22	Definite
Ken Lay would like to have the Armada M306 series - " the first ultra portable notebook designed for the enterprise " .	19	Definite
" I hope that industry , if put to the test , can do better [ than the government ] , but I do not expect it , " Griffin added .	17	Definite
Zawahiri argued instead that they have been active since the assassination of Anwar Sadat in Egypt because of the Camp David Accord and the resulting peace treaty between Egypt and Israel .	23	Definite
The forecast is for a continued decline in strength to a tropical storm within 24 hours and a tropical depression within 36 hours .	4	Indefinite
A strong euro will therefore penalise European agricultural exports .	0	Indefinite
The Lawyer – the best of old fellows – had , because of his many years and many virtues , the only cushion on deck , and was lying on the only rug .	3	Definite
Isfahan is located on the main north-south and east-west routes crossing Iran .	4	Definite
A report by the Center for Disease Control of interviews with AMI employees ( as well as detailed interviews by author Leonard Cole ) supports the conclusion that there were not one , but two , such mailings containing anthrax .	0	Indefinite
He said angrily to Wentz , directing the remark at the wife through the husband , What did you get in return that was worth it ?	7	Definite
" All you have to do is look at the photographs , " Ed Bangs , wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , told UPI 's Blue Planet ,	9	Definite
i mean a 2 day stay was a ok stay even tho the manager looked like he was chineze and that we only slept and went out from 8 to 7 to see New York .	2	Indefinite
Driving into the city centre itself is something to avoid .	2	Definite
I propose that you make this transfer before the fifteenth ( 15th ) of the month of April .	14	Definite
There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value .	6	Definite
The final slide of the opening presentation , delivered by GTC fellow Stephen Kennedy , was a cartoon depicting two young contestants set to begin a race :	4	Definite
" I am frankly revolted by the response of the Bush - Bashers ; " Sorry chaps , but you did have it coming ... "	6	Definite
The second Apulian and Calabrian Royal Region was then established , also including Samnium , parts of Molise and the oriental Basilicata .	0	Definite
I was not happy with the way they looked , very wavy , uneven edges , and with the exception of 1 , there is a dip in the center of each nail .	5	Definite
What 's the gist ?	2	Definite
We had a great stay , your service was excellent and we will use you again !	2	Indefinite
Germany : You can obtain the tourist card through the Cuban embassy in post .	5	Definite
And we 're making the ocean pretty unhappy in a lot of different ways .	4	Definite
If you move the line to the right , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line to the right remains constant , and the perpendicular line to the left of the moving line lengthens .	3	Definite
So Parliament should send a message , since that is the wish of the vast majority .	10	Definite
Many people have argued that a US - based Al Qaeda operative is behind the earlier Fall 2001 anthrax mailings in the US , and that the mailings served as a threat and warning .	14	Definite
Do I need a protein skimmer or any other equipment ?	3	Indefinite
I showed off by making a point of speaking to the servant in Gala .	5	Indefinite
" The book -- I guess one way , one thing to think about it is -- one of the themes would be , I was given a charge to keep .	1	Definite
The palatial home of the family of conquistador leader Montejo can still be seen on the south side of the Zócalo or main square .	0	Definite
The centre of the falls is known locally as ‘ Garganta Del Diablo ’ ( The Devil ’s Throat ) , where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air .	28	Indefinite
to reproduce the Work , to incorporate the Work into one or more Collective Works , and to reproduce the Work as incorporated in the Collective Works ;	7	Definite
" Like many Texans , I am disappointed with NASA 's decision to slight the Johnson Space Center as a permanent home for one of the Space Shuttle Orbiters .	19	Indefinite
But there was one yet – the biggest , the most blank , so to speak – that I had a hankering after .	20	Indefinite
" You 're going to be looking at hundreds dead along the coast , " a state official said .	15	Indefinite
At last he called the operator and asked whether the phone was out of order .	9	Definite
Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off ?	3	Indefinite
Mishima espoused a very individual brand of nationalism towards the end of his life .	9	Definite
Widely considered to be one of the most spectacular waterfalls in the world , the Iguazu Falls on the border of Argentina and Brazil , are a certainly must see attraction in the area .	11	Definite
Regarding those rumors about wolves living in Yellowstone prior to the official reintroduction ?	10	Definite
The interim Governing Council issued a communique saying , " It is a proof of the emptiness of the Israeli authority and a destruction of the peace endeavors in the region . . .	15	Definite
In the interview , Herrick explains what wikiHow is , why he decided to create it , how he grew it in size , and why he chose to use a Creative Commons license ( HyperLink ) for his site .	30	Indefinite
At present , there are no plans for additional meetings with foreign powers to discuss the Bush exploration initiative or to extend an invitation to China to join the space station partnership , Beutel said .	28	Definite
Do n't be nosy or gossipy , but if they are happy with someone one day and hateful with them the next , that 's a sign of them having a lot of fair weather friends .	25	Indefinite
After friday , I will no longer have access to the estate , so if you could shoot this off over night so I could have something in the morning to work with I would appreciate it .	28	Definite
Of course you do , you 're a Mets fan caught in a do-or-die moment in late September at Shea	7	Indefinite
After a series of economic setbacks , health problems , and prohibitions from the Tsar , the couple were finally able to wed .	13	Definite
The dude who grills the retarded dogs is rude .	0	Definite
They include provisions for dealing with the new High Representative for the Common Foreign and Security Policy .	6	Definite
" The vanishing man " , writes Pritchett , " who must be pursued from the rue Cassini to ... Versailles , Ville D' Avray , Italy , and Vienna can construct a settled dwelling only in his work .	15	Definite
Now , the mother then can go and reproduce , but what a terrible price to pay for the accumulation of this pollutant in these animals - the death of the first - born calf .	27	Definite
This document , called " Power Problems of a Revolutionary Government , " went back-and-forth , according to Mr Copeland , " between English and Arabic until a final version was produced .	8	Indefinite
Personally , I do n't find a travel agent to be of value to me as I am willing to put in the time doing research on the internet .	27	Definite
What a neat gem of a restaurant in a corner one would n't expect it .	5	Indefinite
By 1859 , Norton had become completely disgruntled with what he considered the inadequacies of the legal and political structures of the United States .	12	Definite
And someone was goggling through the bars at him : a freckle-faced , red-haired , long-nosed someone .	10	Indefinite
How are you making out on the revised version of the LOC ?	10	Definite
if i preorder a game at gamestop can someone else pick it up for me ?	3	Indefinite
The result was to swing a deeply divided society from the verge of civil war to an unprecedented sense of unity .	0	Definite
The other two anti-establishment camp elects were Hui Chi-fung from the Democratic Party and Tanya Chan of the Civic Party , both considered to be in the pan-democracy camp .	10	Definite
The Web site 's net contribution to economic growth may in fact be relatively small .	0	Definite
If there is blood in the urine , or the cat seems to be in pain , then that is also a good indicator .	21	Indefinite
To emancipate the south , but it was a serious failure .	8	Indefinite
He arrived in 1777 at the age of 23 , and served as a military engineer in the Continental Army with Major General Lafayette .	5	Definite
It was a very practical salesman approach to his work .	2	Indefinite
With the help of their financial controller proper arrangements will now be legislated for .	1	Definite
If You create a Derivative Work , upon notice from any Licensor You must , to the extent practicable , remove from the Derivative Work any reference to such Licensor or the Original Author , as requested .	3	Indefinite
Up to 40 rockets had been fired at Israel , weeks after its military withdrew from the territory .	16	Definite
In line with the above analysis and in the light of the conclusions of the evaluator of Pericles , this Communication is accompanied by a proposal for the adaptation and continuation of Pericles .	11	Definite
A little help is always great . =)	0	Indefinite
Continue to feel the warmth of the sunlight all over your body , warming you deeply and gently .	6	Definite
According to the city 's police department , a fight broke out after " a large group of people ... who identified themselves as district authorities " arrived on set on Tuesday .	14	Indefinite
- train relevant staff in the features of the new generation of the euro banknotes , to be issued at the end of this decade ;	5	Definite
I also plan on trying to retake the GMAT test .	7	Definite
The graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics I have ever seen for any game and I have been gaming since the MUD days .	6	Definite
The ghoul in the attic howled and dropped pipes whenever he felt things were getting too quiet , and small explosions from Fred and George 's bedroom were considered perfectly normal .	0	Definite
Whereas recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom , justice and peace in the world ;	30	Definite
Not long ago he was divorced from the actress , Gloria Holden , but carried the torch after the marital rift .	7	Definite
But the work was contracted out via a complex web of private arms traders .	1	Definite
The curious traveler can venture to take a bus southwards along Broadway , and come to Jack London Square .	0	Definite
to be a mover and shaker , a shaper of destiny or perhaps , surrendering to fantasies of omnipotence , to be the nation-making American plenipotentiary , at work behind the scenes and playing confidently even with Bolshevik fire .	2	Indefinite
The poster at DH2017 will present the curriculum , its position in the international context and offer the lessons learned from both the design process and the first clinics .	22	Definite
It is easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sings : " I 've got a feeling , a feeling I ca n't hide ... " in front of Yoko in the film .	5	Definite
HTML describes how a Web page should look , whereas XML defines the data and describes how the data should be structured .	17	Definite
They were not enemies , they were not criminals , they were nothing earthly now , – nothing but black shadows of disease and starvation , lying confusedly in the greenish gloom .	29	Definite
We are in the final stages of this process - where we draft a cover letter for John which will introduce this for inclusion within Globalflash ( the Enron Europe newsletter )	3	Definite
" Sudan is the primary example , " he said .	3	Definite
How Would You Like To Know How YOU Can Live In A Beautiful NEW House That Is Custom - Designed To YOUR Specifications ......... And At NO COST To You ?	11	Indefinite
In the throes of crisis , generalization is the norm ;	8	Definite
The blacks ' dirty work is n't any cleaner than the whites ' .	0	Definite
The broker called back shortly after I spoke to you to let me know that the kestrel air park building and the strip center at fm78 & walzem had both sold .	21	Definite
Some of the world 's most rare and endangered birds , plants and insects .	2	Definite
Thought you 'd like to know that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the Compaq Center ... it 's all about you and your needs .	7	Definite
NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announces where four space shuttle orbiters will be permanently displayed at the conclusion of the Space Shuttle Program during an event commemorating the 30th anniversay of the first shuttle launch on April 12 , 2011 .	18	Definite
Using a connection file simplifies the task of deploying related data access pages .	5	Definite
And the President becomes a Dictator , unrestrained by anything in the Constitution , backed up by the Armed Forces , which would be entirely under his personal control .	11	Definite
Creative Commons Corporation is not a law firm and does not provide legal services .	5	Indefinite
An unsuccessful transition will equally damage us all .	0	Indefinite
But there is nothing in the brilliant air and the massive white clouds hanging over the crumpled mountains that suggests exhaustion .	9	Definite
I will extract the one for the US corporate Paragraph 13 and email to your contact @ First Union Securities .	3	Definite
I would recommend Bayside Chiropractic to anyone who is in need of a regular adjustment or is suffering from a chronic condition .	12	Indefinite
We have received the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas , which adds the Canadian Securities Representation , so we do n't have to add the rep into every confirm .	18	Definite
Protocol Concerning the conditions and arrangements for admission of the republic of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union .	9	Definite
Yes , there is a 100 year - old Israeli - Arab conflict , but it is not where the main show is .	19	Definite
He had served three terms of three years out there ... Because triumphant health in the general rout of constitutions is a kind of power in itself .	15	Definite
But the fact is , it 's not a joke .	8	Indefinite
Buy a new phone	1	Indefinite
' I hastened to assure him I was not in the least typical .	10	Definite
Gorbachev also proposed a nuclear free weapons zone in the region , but the U.S would n’t consider that .	3	Indefinite
If you have any doubts , refer to Title 18 Sec. 1302 & 1341 of the Postal Lottery laws .	15	Definite
So we did n't expect them to even know some of the requests that we asked that night .	11	Definite
A great breakfast which was included every morning until 9:30 am ; yummy fresh Parisian croissants .	0	Indefinite
The President will be expecting me to have come for you with the Mercedes , but , honestly , if I 'd have waited to get it I would have turned up I do n't know when .	0	Definite
In effect , the administration tried to make the IMF more interesting , particularly to encourage Republicans in the House of Representatives to support the reforms .	3	Definite
It 's " tall " being it 's bigger than a pony , but it 's on the small end for a horse .	10	Indefinite
Sending the family servant to stop Harry from going back to Hogwarts also sounded exactly like the sort of thing Malfoy would do .	1	Definite
I want to know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a report , not a legislative proposal , and whether that is something I can competently do on Thursday .	8	Indefinite
The CURSE OF GOD carried on until he was shot dead .	0	Definite
Your name will move up the list geometrically so that when your name reaches the # 1 position you will be receiving thousands of dollars in CASH !!!	5	Definite
His 1835 novel Le Lys dans La Vallée features a cruel governess named Miss Caroline , modeled after his own caregiver .	9	Indefinite
At that moment , there was a diversion in the form of a small , red-headed figure in a long nightdress , who appeared in the kitchen , gave a small squeal , and ran out again .	6	Indefinite
Neither was this day less fortunate to his father Philip ; for on the same day he took Potidea ; >> - JOHN AUBREY , F.R.S.	13	Definite
Cannery Row , at the time , had the biggest industrial canning operation on the west coast .	8	Definite
My only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task .	7	Definite
Desk research about what being a DH librarian entails ( e.g. Hartsell-Gundy et al. , 2015 ; Mulligan , 2016 ; also see the Zotero library of the LIBER Digital Humanities working group ) ;	5	Indefinite
as they can drink a lot .	4	Indefinite
a degu , a rat , a mouse , a hamster or a guinea pig ?	12	Indefinite
At the 131st , below her , is the old Stock Exchange , hung upside-down now as a hipster den .	8	Definite
Do n't judge a book by its cover	3	Indefinite
He has a long and distinguished record , including many years as a Federal Appeals Judge , the next level below Supreme Court .	2	Indefinite
The population increased , as many people from Luzon and the Visayas came to work either as fishermen or miners .	10	Definite
When I open a can of meat with gravy he licks off the gravy and lets the meat lay .	16	Definite
But , the newly established Republic of China considered Mongolia to be part of its own territory .	2	Definite
The food is excellent , the serivce is horrible .	5	Definite
If you are not the intended recipient , please contact the sender and delete all copies .	4	Definite
Separate the colors from five bags of 200 g Skittles .	1	Definite
From the 9th century BC , the first Greek texts began to appear .	6	Definite
The results of the fourth phase of the Objective 2 programme , whose priority is job creation , are relatively pleasing .	3	Definite
Here are the revised dates for the response / reply / and hearing dates for Enron 's motion to compel .	6	Definite
If the Israelis and the Palestinian leadership can not find a way to reinvigorate the peace process , cells of radical young Palestinians may grow up that look to bin Laden for their cues .	14	Definite
afterwards he arose and went out – and the wilderness without a sound took him into its bosom again .	8	Definite
By and by I open a paperback and try to lose myself in mere politics .	5	Indefinite
A few days ago he was in that house , packing to leave in the flat progression of practical matters by which decision is broken up into reality .	0	Indefinite
I much preferred the one - on - one service here to the experiences I 've had with bigger offices and firms .	12	Definite
I had to dig in a bag to find one nice feather , what a joke !	14	Indefinite
" We are moving in the right direction : the Paris Agreement will slow climate change , as will the recent Kigali Amendment to reduce HFCs , " said Erik Solheim , head of UN Environment .	5	Definite
Shuttle veteran and longtime NASA executive Fred Gregory is temporarily at the helm of the 18,000 - person agency .	11	Definite
The team at Bradley Chevron kept my car running for well past its expected death !	0	Definite
But some security experts raised questions about the need for the course and the intent behind it .	10	Definite
On June 17 , 1950 , Busuanga was officially created as a separate municipality from Coron and in 1954 , Coron was further reduced by the official creation of the Municipality of Linapacan .	25	Definite
Now , NASA engineers and astronauts are almost giddy with " go " fever as the tentative date for the first launch since the Columbia disaster approaches .	15	Definite
Much later , when he was able to think about the things that happened to him , he would conclude that nothing was real except chance .	10	Definite
I also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of services that I did not need .	11	Indefinite
Are you using the " SPRDOPT " Exotic Options function to value the option ?	3	Definite
A single call to CIC will confirm there is NO such thing as a BTA to Canada and anyone asking for this is a scammer http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/contacts/index.asp	23	Indefinite
After that point , al - Qaeda was a joint enterprise between the Egyptian extremists and the polyglot Arabs around Bin Laden , only some of whom were Saudi .	12	Definite
From this , we conclude that an intervention based on cognitive digital games offers contributions to the learning process and improvement of sustained attention .	16	Definite
In the winter , they will usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation - like state called brumation , which is characterized by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity .	1	Definite
After the 1906 earthquake , many San Franciscans relocated there , and the industrial development of the 20s and 30s saw its population in the hundreds of thousands .	24	Definite
The constituency is in the council area of North Kesteven , where 62 % of voters backed leaving the EU .	0	Definite
The rest of the candidates elected in this constituency were young and relatively new activists from the localist camp , Lau Siu-lai and Youngspiration 's Yau Wai-ching .	3	Definite
Moving back to Calgary in about a month which is a little sooner than I thought I would be going back but when opportunity knocks you got ta go .	10	Indefinite
Using Alvarez 's dipole antenna to achieve a very high angular resolution , GCA allows ground - based radar operators watching special precision displays to guide a landing airplane to the runway by transmitting verbal commands to the pilot .	7	Indefinite
Mohamed was a VIP guest at the Google Science Fair this weekend , and was able to meet finalists at the event held at Google 's headquarters located in Mountain View , California .	20	Definite
I think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards , but I wonder about the most appropriate timing , enough of a global message and the means of delivery .	33	Definite
By the way , Salmagundi ( the store name ) means something like smorgasbord ; potpourri ; motley ; variety ; mixed bag ; miscellaneous assortment ; mixture , a variety of many kinds of things .	1	Definite
What would n't he give now for a message from Hogwarts ?	7	Indefinite
The area that now encompasses Phoenix was a center of the Hohokam culture , which built large canal systems and a network of towns and villages , whose remains may be viewed in the city to this day .	10	Definite
the people at Fidelity Leasing were very friendly and helpful .	0	Definite
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]	16	Definite
Would you please contact Gerald Nemec and review the Gallup Compression Service Contract in respect to the Load Control Management .	8	Definite
Emails from Zawahiri to Atef in the Spring of 1999 indicate that Ayman was a close student of the USAMRIID anthrax program .	18	Definite
Anyone who looks like a druggy or dodgy .	4	Indefinite
His appearance was certainly that of a hairdresser 's dummy ; but in the great demoralization of the land he kept up his appearance .	17	Definite
He put the empty bowl back on the floor next to the cat-flap and lay back down on the bed , somehow even hungrier than he had been before the soup .	29	Definite
" We do not believe the suspect has ties to this school , or to the two girls , or specifically to the Abbotsford area , " she said .	5	Definite
If democracy is just free elections , it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected , the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory .	26	Definite
1 Choose the kind of basil you wish to grow .	2	Definite
Because Usamah is Saudi , my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the Wahhabi school of Islam that predominates among Saudia 's some 15 million citizens .	14	Indefinite
But a scan has shown the tumour in Ms Pugh 's right lung is growing , and she has had to leave the trial .	5	Definite
The millions who died in the Iran - Iraq war had nothing to do with Israel .	0	Definite
US troops there clashed with guerrillas in a fight that left one Iraqi dead .	7	Indefinite
Each of you should be proud of your massive contributions throughout the year !	11	Definite
I also had a pedicure , and they cut my nails too short , one of my big toes looks like it s getting infected .	3	Indefinite
The Atmosphere is the best .. Italian music , candles , helpful and friendly staff ... And the food is beautiful too !	17	Definite
" The problem is not with the Palestinian resistance groups but with Israel 's scheme to destroy the Palestinians ' infrastructure , " Habib said .	6	Definite
We would be glad to provide the same documents in an earlier version of Word , upon request by individual Parties .	10	Indefinite
Michiel Cock m.p.cock@vu.nl Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam , the Netherlands	7	Definite
At last , Auster gave a little shrug , which seemed to acknowledge that they had come to an impasse .	5	Indefinite
It was like walking into a furnace : nearly everything in Ron 's room seemed to be a violent shade of orange : the bedspread , the walls , even the ceiling .	26	Definite
I could spend a year in Spain alone .	3	Indefinite
In order for the Enable system administrator ( SA ) user name check box to be enabled , the following must be true .	18	Definite
Making Skittles vodka is a fun way to add a splash of fruity flavor and color to regular vodka .	9	Indefinite
This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the Work licensed here .	12	Definite
The chicken cordon - blu was tasty and came in a huge portion size for the money .	0	Definite
The continued Israeli colonization of the occupied Palestinian territories during the 1990s helped , along with terrorist attacks by radical groups such as Hamas , to derail the peace process , which Sharon had always opposed .	0	Definite
As in the real world , the first step to flirting is to get over your cold feet and jump right in !	6	Definite
The study was supported by the Croucher Foundation , US National Science Foundation , and US National Park Service .	5	Definite
A maximum guaranteed area of 829229 ha is hereby established .	0	Indefinite
The festive dedication took place on April 30 , 1955 .	0	Definite
" I am about to become a genius .	6	Indefinite
If the animals are treated in the same way the customers are treated then this leaves a lot to be desired !	1	Definite
It would tell us why the call went to you , but not why they wanted to speak to me in the first place .	5	Definite
The poet and critic T. S. Eliot argued against Shaw that Shakespeare 's " primitiveness " in fact made him truly modern .	0	Definite
Rafferty released two further albums in the 1990s in what musician Tom Robinson later described as " a major return to form " .	6	Definite
The Congolese band had no idea what music would do , and produced a stomping crescendo ; then one of the Poles played the piano , and Neil Bayley moved in on the drums .	0	Definite
Although Iceland was under the political control of Denmark until a much later date ( 1918 ) , very little influence and borrowing from Danish has occurred in the Icelandic language .	4	Definite
That changed on September 22 when President George W. Bush , Musharraf and Karzai held a three way meeting in New York on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly .	23	Definite
First time to go on A cruise any and all info is appreciated	5	Indefinite
Crosstab queries calculate a sum , average , count , or other type of total for data that is grouped by two types of information – one down the left side of the datasheet and another across the top .	37	Definite
Right away they told us that it was the same great food with the same prices so off we went .	8	Definite
-- The return to flight activities for the Shuttle program are funded at $ 4.319 billion , the requested level from the Administration .	17	Definite
I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there , but i do know from personal experience that Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka is not a man of his word , and is also very CRUEL AND UNCARING !!	27	Indefinite
Secular Arab nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the Palestinians , and those in post-Saddam Iraq are no exception .	8	Definite
He then wrote mainly tragedies until about 1608 , including Hamlet , King Lear , Othello , and Macbeth , considered some of the finest works in the English language .	27	Definite
Another senior Al Qaeda member ( a shura or policy - making council member no less ) was working for the Egyptian intelligence services and he confirmed the report in a sworn lengthy confession .	6	Indefinite
Learn from a Cesar Gracie black belt and former ufc fighter !	2	Indefinite
He crept up behind me and sprang upon me just as I had finished the note .	14	Definite
The price they gave was good so I said hey this seems great .	0	Definite
Should we all get together and make a conference call to Dominion like we did before or should I just call Jeff Davis myself ?	7	Indefinite
All of us here are pleased that the courts have acquitted him and made it clear that in Russia , too , access to environmental information is a constitutional right .	7	Definite
The question is the story itself , and whether or not it means something is not for the story to tell .	0	Definite
" If somebody ca n't handle a Twitter account , they ca n't handle the nuclear codes , " Obama mocked .	14	Definite
9 Chehel Sotoun ( The Palace of Forty Columns ) .	4	Definite
And the South Vietnamese people ?	1	Definite
And there we are , Kissinger has entirely wrecked Russia 's Middle East policy and the Pope is about to swap the Vatican for the Kremlin .	24	Definite
I cried the entire way home .	2	Definite
Make an ultimate to-do list for this single project , and have it placed somewhere you will see it on a regular basis .	20	Indefinite
Romance in 2005 will make it a year to remember - and you 'll be the envy of all your friends .	15	Definite
You have been awarded the converted Hino Dealer of the Year !	9	Definite
" I find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world 's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as " good news , " Gore said .	22	Definite
The mycelium is sentient .	0	Definite
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one .	5	Definite
This is an event you do n't want to miss !!	2	Indefinite
I believe that the Commission 's initial approach was wise , because the problem calls for countless exceptions to the general rule .	3	Definite
Which , I might add is the same foot that keeps crumbling with the nails .	13	Definite
The Onion has a different creative process where we are not trying to hit everything in the 24 hours and on the same notes .	0	Definite
On the floor was a wrapper from a French Chew .	4	Indefinite
They might want to change the name to reflect the new yorkedness of the pizza , scrummy yummy sounds gimmicky to me .	13	Definite
A mean cost per student criterion is used to tax only the schools that receive a fee higher than the mean cost per student fixed by the State .	26	Definite
What your morning paper did not tell you , however , was that the CIA seized a similar disc from Ayman Zawahiri 's right - hand , Ahmed Salama Mabruk , 5 years earlier .	16	Indefinite
by 1776 he had become Secretary to the King 's Council and a Freemason .	12	Indefinite
At the same time , it pleased him to know that Stillman also had a red notebook , as if this formed a secret link between them .	22	Indefinite
The Palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank were not driven by economic considerations .	19	Definite
So I say : I 'm at the Radison Warwick hotel in Rittenhouse Square ( built in 1926 ) do you deliver to the Warwick ?	23	Definite
Israel wants to drive the Palestinians toward civil war . "	4	Definite
Quinn had his doubts , but this was all he had to go on , his only bridge to the present .	19	Definite
On South Andaman , the most heavily populated island , is Port Blair , which is the capital and the only large town in the entire archipelago .	24	Definite
When you move the field back to a row or column area , the custom group fields will appear again .	13	Definite
The car was approaching , was carrying him through the market quarter of the town .	0	Definite
How long will the transitional period be following Polish accession in the case of the free movement of persons ?	11	Definite
Do you think this is a revival of the Left in the West ?	5	Indefinite
The straps on adults ’ overalls often get so twisted during the wash that one wishes she had just used an old fashioned washboard instead .	0	Definite
In the outer room the two women knitted black wool feverishly .	1	Definite
Plus , I work with Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that , instead of having a lawyer she has n't dealt with initial it .	20	Indefinite
According to the Commission 's proposal -20º C would have been sufficient .	2	Definite
His body felt like a stone .	4	Indefinite
I think they may even be better than the pair I have been using this past year !	8	Definite
The young Pettigrew woman was always in a state of enthusiasm ;	0	Definite
After 1 month , roots will have sprouted and you can water the cutting for the first time .	15	Definite
Here 's what the owner has said :	3	Definite
" We 're not happy with Hamas 's position at this stage and in light of the Israeli escalation against the Palestinians , " commented Khader Habib , a senior Islamic Jihad official .	16	Definite
These agreements were forwarded to the counterparty , CCNG , Inc. .	5	Definite
One of the people assassinated very recently in Sri Lanka was Mr Kumar Ponnambalam , who had visited the European Parliament just a few months ago .	22	Indefinite
( What about 40 al - Qaeda bases that had trained the 9/11 hijackers and other terrorists gunning for the United States ?? )	19	Definite
It set the basis for integration where the economic and judicial mechanisms of the state could be applied throughout the Mediterranean as was once done from Latium into all Italy .	13	Definite
Hope you unde$tood the me$$age I do have an " S " key on my computer .	3	Definite
During the Nazi occupation , Łódź was incorporated directly into the Third Reich .	10	Definite
From the amount of time spent with us to explain things during the initial quote , to the communication through the approval process to the actual workmanship of the build itself .	20	Definite
Even if the majority of situations that arise in the workplace can be resolved without conflict .	2	Definite
Even in the best of times , it did not lead to an increase in living standards ( except for the bankers ) , and it eventually led to the crisis from which we are only now recovering .	29	Definite
To avoid collapse the Russians may be driven into a war with China .	9	Indefinite
TEXAS ROADHOUSE HAS VERY GOOD MEALS , THAT THE MEAT COMES RIGHT OFF THE BONES .	13	Definite
Bogd Khaan said that both Mongolia and China had been administered by the Manchu during the Qing , and after the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911 , the contract of Mongolian submission to the Manchu had become invalid .	35	Definite
White settlers discovered the remnants of the Hohokam culture in the 19th century .	3	Definite
It made Quinn think of an archeologist inspecting a shard at some prehistoric ruin .	5	Indefinite
Here are some articles that discuss the details of slogan writing .	6	Definite
the Pole who had danced the gazatska became the man with whom he gravitated to a quiet corner so that they could talk about the curious grammar-structure of Gala and the Lambala group of languages .	30	Definite
One reader pointed out that the President watched the Americans in the embassy when they took them hostage .	8	Definite
In the past few days in Italy , several municipalities have started asking religious schools to pay taxes for property and local services , despite the resistance of the Catholic Church .	28	Definite
I loved the car so we began negotiating my trade - in and the price of the 09 XF .	2	Definite
Well , the job is done , one asks nothing more but to fold one 's tents .	2	Definite
I slipped through one of these cracks , went up a swept and ungarnished staircase , as arid as a desert , and opened the first door I came to .	24	Definite
I have n't personally but I know a couple of people who have .	7	Indefinite
This email may contain material that is confidential , privileged and / or attorney work product for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) .	21	Definite
And a portion of each package or memorial purchased goes to a charity on their database .	1	Indefinite
You do not need to call the embassies to get professional advice .	6	Definite
The attached documents include the GA II Settlement proposal , an Attachment ( a copy of PG&E 's proposed Gas Rule 27 ) , and a set of supporting workpapers .	13	Indefinite
The Yerba Buena Garden was built at the beginning of the 1990s on the roof of the Moscone North Convention Center .	0	Definite
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one .	2	Indefinite
The cargo on the voyage from which he has just returned was Dead Sea potash .	3	Definite
Someone called to Vivien and they were drawn away from the dancers to a crowded table .	13	Indefinite
Some commentators have seen this change in mood as evidence of a more serene view of life on Shakespeare 's part , but it may merely reflect the theatrical fashion of the day .	27	Definite
Then the Dursleys appeared and Dudley rattled the bars of the cage , laughing at him .	10	Definite
Contributions at the Pericles actions are ensured by the ECB , the Commission , Europol and , in some cases , Eurojust , Interpol and the US Secret Service .	25	Definite
However the CBD is closed of to the public as a lot of it is still rubble and stuff and has n't been cleared away yet .	10	Indefinite
For the Pro-Beijing camp , Elizabeth Quat of DAB was elected with 58,825 votes , the highest in the constituency .	15	Definite
Waiting to be summoned to the customs officers ' booths , the companions of the journey ignored each other .	14	Definite
Shakespeare has been commemorated in many statues and memorials around the world , including funeral monuments in Southwark Cathedral and Poets ' Corner in Westminster Abbey .	10	Definite
Would you please ck the Oglethorpe deal from July 2000 - Dec 2000 ?	4	Definite
But the news of the Arakan rebels is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to growing concern in New Delhi over the security of the Andaman Islands .	27	Definite
The following illustration shows how the row area will look with nested custom groups .	0	Definite
How did you grow the site to the size it is today ?	4	Definite
A girl raises her hand .	0	Indefinite
The hashtag took on a life of its own , and was used in messages on Twitter over one million times by Thursday night .	4	Indefinite
The other day I took up a man who hanged himself on the road .	12	Definite
Sam , please confirm , Global Counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems .	15	Definite
There is a tunnel from the mosque to the Royal Palace , across the square .	2	Indefinite
Ed. : See the LibriVox catalog for a full index .	3	Definite
Fortunately , there is a restaurant in each of the hotels with simple yet delicious cuisine .	9	Definite
My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly completed .	11	Definite
Walls keeping water out of the bowl - shaped city have been breached , and emergency teams are using helicopters to drop 1,350 kg ( 3,000 lb ) sandbags and concrete barriers into the gaps .	5	Definite
This difference is mainly due to the following :	6	Definite
Increases the capacity to work until 75 - 80 years of age .	1	Definite
Because the field list of a page does not show the contents specific to a page , you can use the data outline to review the structure of a page .	28	Indefinite
54 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 30 September , 2003 .	8	Definite
Incitement by Arab TV , accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies , has become a powerful weapon of those who lie , distort and want to destroy everything .	15	Indefinite
I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $ 65 puts are in the money and the $ 75 call is also in the money .	11	Definite
Santorum the person has been in the news throughout the primary season , and we thought it would be interesting to try to create a delicious drink that mimicked the appearance of the Dan Savage meaning of " santorum . "	24	Indefinite
How do you approach the difficult challenge of talking to the Palestinians when , in the end , they do n’t want Israel to exist .	4	Definite
But the news of the Arakan rebels is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to growing concern in New Delhi over the security of the Andaman Islands .	12	Definite
Professor Eastman says manufacturers could easily remedy the situation by using iodised salt in their products in line with the United States and most European countries .	7	Definite
The Banks that Ate the Economy .	0	Definite
There were four of us and I was taken first by a gentleman .	11	Indefinite
Wait for a month .	2	Indefinite
1596 , dating from the Saffavid era , the avenue is the most historically famous in all of Persia .	11	Definite
In a very few hours I arrived in a city that always makes me think of a whited sepulcher .	16	Indefinite
He went looking for his brother , George Whitman , after he a telegram telling him his brother was injured in the South .	21	Definite
“ We are actively thinking of possible ways to limit the scope of litigation to only those with a real standing in a project , ” he was quoted as saying .	22	Indefinite
* Provides a high degree of rate stability , with a 3.5 % escalator to capture both inflation and the cost of needed capital projects .	10	Indefinite
This is also the only region in Alaska in which the average daytime high temperature is above freezing during the winter months .	10	Definite
One of them is the Rest and Recuperation Program , wherein a child can come to the US for a few weeks in the summer .	4	Definite
Having a team was the best because they kept the flow of the wedding going the whole time !	12	Definite
There 's your Company 's station , said the Swede , pointing to three wooden barrack-like structures on the rocky slope .	8	Definite
As the leaders like to boast , the Mujahedeen is a family affair .	1	Definite
I was ready to buy a new jacket , a new sweater and a couple of your overpriced belts and I walked out because of your obvious lurking	9	Indefinite
My dear James ... it must be a hundred years ...	7	Indefinite
Working with a timer is generally regarded by most experts as being one of the best ways to develop self-discipline and stop procrastination .	14	Definite
He was so accustomed to effacing himself in the hours of discussion of constitutional law and political tactics ( a white man , an outsider offering impersonal service for whatever it was worth ) ...	8	Definite
As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable , it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .	23	Definite
The big hit of the evening , Wikinews observed from the long line , was the Polaroid-room where attendees could wear a Warhol-like wig or don crazy glasses and have their own Polaroid taken .	15	Definite
This one person who I never met took a picture of me and sent it to me in an e-mail .	8	Indefinite
However , the filter settings are retained , so that when you turn autofiltering back on , the data that was previously displayed or hidden is again displayed or hidden .	2	Definite
The Award Dance Centre has moved from its Holderness Road site to a new complex on Chamberlain Road Hull .	0	Definite
The islands are located at the Indo - Australian Fault ; the Fault arose due to the collision of the Indian and Australian plates .	19	Definite
Using 5 x 700 ml / 23.6 fl oz bottles , pour 300 ml / 10.1 fl oz of vodka into a jug and fill each bottle with skittles .	21	Indefinite
Of course , you would then be in a position to sell calls again if the stock makes a bounce .	15	Definite
The Rupertsberg cloister was destroyed during the Thirty Years ' War in 1632 by Swedish troops .	6	Definite
On my panel , Loretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers .	14	Definite
The discovery of a number of ' bugs ' within the AS400 Merchanting code , arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality , which compounded the operational burden of supporting the OBSF .	0	Definite
" That kind of a financial incentive [ ... ] will be sufficient to allow substantial providers to emerge , " Griffin said .	4	Indefinite
Thai auspicious colours of the day are given in the table of weekdays , followed below it by a link to the Buddha images for each day of the week .	4	Definite
Colonel Bray is n't going to run a hotel .	7	Indefinite
Although York is not directly on any of the main north-south motorways , the connections are reasonably good .	13	Definite
The Innovation Enigma .	0	Definite
More specifically , they answered “ yes ” that the puppet described the pictures well .	9	Definite
The main reason I wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust .	23	Indefinite
It aims to take the journey time into account after deducting this from the working hours actually completed , without being able to measure the real journey time .	24	Definite
( 4 ) Everyone has the right to form and to join trade unions for the protection of his interests .	5	Definite
In terms of origin of the participants , the evaluation report notes that these came from 76 countries , with a majority from Member States .	8	Definite
On September 29 , Scientology officials went to the East Los Angeles sheriff 's station where they claimed Montalvo allegedly left the organization with computer hard drives .	8	Definite
Information pointing in this direction came to light after the December 26 tsunami , which took a heavy toll on the Andamans .	16	Indefinite
The whole experience shows a hotel managed by what must be a 2 star hotel manager .	11	Indefinite
They gave me the run around and missing paperwork only to call back to tell me someone else wanted her and I would need to come in and put down a deposit .	3	Definite
The Arab Revolt which began in 1916 turned the tide against the Ottomans on the Middle Eastern front , where they initially seemed to have the upper hand during the first two years of the war .	11	Definite
Feel free to cut and paste and leave your comments , as these viewpoints cover the entire gamut surrounding the event .	15	Definite
While studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual works and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no work has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes .	26	Definite
He was one of the first opponents of the Vietnam War , and is a self-described Libertarian Socialist .	14	Indefinite
Critics of Scientology at the Internet newsgroup alt.religion.scientology were critical of the attacks to the Church of Scientology website , with one poster writing " How can people look at both sides if one side is gone ? "	4	Definite
You can change the security mode for accessing the SQL Server database on a computer running Windows NT .	13	Indefinite
I lived in one that did not face the parking lot .	8	Definite
By 1998 , Zawahiri had determined that the Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States and hold off on further attacks against the Egyptian regime .	7	Definite
The smartphone generation received an app it deserved , where , in the best case scenario , the most idiotic situation received an audience of millions .	22	Indefinite
The motel is very well maintained , and the managers are so accomodating , it 's kind of like visiting family each year ! ;-)	0	Definite
there is something after all in the world allowing one man to steal a horse while another must not look at a halter .	6	Definite
Raw data is on the fisrt tab of the file to the right .	8	Definite
I guess they figured me for an easy mark , and tried to explain that my car would n't pass unless I replaced a hose .	6	Indefinite
But yes , thank you . A little food ca n't do any harm .	6	Indefinite
I 'm sure it s not every day that a funeral director sees the same family in such a short time .	18	Indefinite
The analysis of Pericles by type of project is shown in Table 3 .	0	Definite
I 'm Paul Auster , said the man .	6	Definite
Please let them know that I was simply quoting the CEO of a large , regulated utility in California .	12	Indefinite
The neighbours are still interfering , but there are signs that rather than undermining Afghanistan ’s stability they may now be trying to strengthen it .	0	Definite
Hidden in this laundry list -- and in the pile of studies examined by the Pew researchers -- is one of the fundamental chasms dividing participants in the global warming debate .	21	Definite
Think of the setup as the foundation of a story .	8	Indefinite
The cool breezes from the Gulf of Mexico drift into Mérida in the evenings and this is when many of the residents spend their time outdoors .	12	Definite
In time the eggs can suffocate in the shipping container .	7	Definite
If possible , can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5 ?	10	Definite
When a chart contains multiple series or category fields , the fields that are closest to the data are referred to as inner fields .	16	Definite
We will be making the Wyndham rooms available to members of the DISCO Forum on July 20 .	4	Definite
Put the leash on the dog and just walk around the crate a few times .	10	Definite
Never in history , not even in the Nazi period , was there such total disregard of all of the above as we observe now .	7	Definite
Blunt starred in the 2011 British comedy film Salmon Fishing in the Yemen , directed by Lasse Hallström and co-starring Ewan McGregor and Kristin Scott Thomas .	11	Definite
And were the Columbine killers acting out this " real morality " when they indescriminately murdered their classmates .	2	Definite
Above is the link to the Department of State travel website , which will give you all the info that you need , including passport information .	17	Definite
Bush also nominated A. Noel Anketell Kramer for a 15 - year term as associate judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals , replacing John Montague Steadman .	8	Indefinite
But the longer it takes us to understand the new landscape of this war , the more costly and painful the victory will be .	1	Definite
I sat generally on the floor , while , of faultless appearance ( and even slightly scented ) , perching on a high stool , he wrote , he wrote .	4	Definite
We returned after 3 PM , found no one there , and a note from the innkeeper with directions to our room .	12	Indefinite
Certain reserve characters are part of the XML syntax and will not be interpreted as themselves if used in the data portion of an element .	23	Indefinite
You change the layout by moving the fields to predefined drop areas within the PivotTable view workspace .	13	Definite
Of the public process , he said , " In the end I 'll have one vote in each referendum just like every other New Zealander on the electoral roll " .	1	Definite
And this , said Auster , turning to the woman , is my wife , Siri .	8	Definite
Cargill Ferrous International is set up correctly in the Global Counterparty System as a Division of Cargill , Inc .	8	Definite
i also think the National Endowment for the Arts is a waste , but i guess i would rather see my money go to the NEA than NASA .	7	Definite
Hey there , I 'm trying to find a restaurant in Philly to take my husband tomorrow for his birthday .	8	Indefinite
Pointe-à-Pitre : with its suburbs , it is the economic capital of Guadeloupe	8	Definite
Changing the connection information of a page	1	Definite
I will extract the one for the US corporate Paragraph 13 and email to your contact @ First Union Securities .	6	Definite
The George Washington Bridge can be crossed by bicycle or on foot as well as in a motorized vehicle .	16	Indefinite
Cheap , full of locals , conducted by fearless drivers , you can enjoy the beautiful Caribbean panorama to the sound of Guadeloupean zouk music .	19	Definite
The corridors are jumping with them .	0	Definite
and yet , as if by conscious design , he kept to a narrowly circumscribed area , bounded on the north by Riverside Park , and on the east by Amsterdam Avenue .	27	Definite
But I believe that we should do all we can to keep the transport of dangerous goods to a minimum , in all countries , whether they are transit countries or not .	12	Definite
The invasion of Iraq provided marvelous political cover for the GOP not only during those midterms , but during the 2004 Presidential election .	9	Definite
Throughout the war , Pearl Harbor was frequently used in American propaganda .	1	Definite
The inherent dullness of the IMF makes that hard .	0	Definite
She guided me through a very difficult period dealing with a family member 's suicide , coupled with elder abuse .	10	Indefinite
Usually you can be seen the same week or maybe the following week .	10	Definite
Go to Goldstar.com and get tickets for about a third of the price .	8	Indefinite
Do you know what it 's like to be chased by the Ghost of Failure while staring through Victory 's door ?	11	Definite
The Kashmir issue generates far more terrorism , and even the threat of nuclear war , than Iraq ever did .	0	Definite
The proposed period for extension is six years and the reference amount unchanged at one million euro per year .	0	Definite
But the cynicism declined as his oeuvre progressed , and the characters of Illusions Perdues reveal sympathy for those who are pushed to one side by society .	1	Definite
Assad the Father did not kill tens of thousands of his own citizens in one week in El Hamma in Syria because of Israel .	1	Definite
Also on Main St. is Metropolitan Plants , a haven for flower lovers , with a very large selection of products for gardeners .	15	Indefinite
If you choose to edit the connection file , remember that all other pages that use the connection file will also be affected by the changes you make .	24	Definite
They are kind of in rank order but as I stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it .	14	Definite
A witness told police that the victim had attacked the suspect in April .	5	Definite
If you 're going to go through the trouble of creating a sump for this tank , getting a protein skimmer would n't be a bad idea .	11	Indefinite
What I criticise is the spirit underlying these amendments .	4	Definite
He was a first-class agent , young , gentlemanly , a bit reserved , with a forked little beard and a hooked nose .	10	Indefinite
A slight clinking behind me made me turn my head .	0	Indefinite
To make a difference in America you must have the " Bully Pulpit " and speak to the People .	2	Indefinite
Web giant Google is resisting an attempt by the US to force it to reveal what users are searching for .	8	Definite
The term " Aggregate Transporter Imbalance " is located in several sections .	0	Definite
Look on the debenhams website	2	Definite
There will always be an audience for good magicians doing good magic .	4	Indefinite
and I said , YES , CENTER CITY PHILLY , and he says , NO , Warwick is a township , If you 're at a Radison in Warwick that s too far , try dominos in Pottstown .	18	Indefinite
The shop is located just off the river road .	6	Definite
But from the way the light was coming through the windows , it seemed to be almost noon .	2	Definite
The Archbishop , who has himself cooked the eggplant and the leg of lamb , tells the company his recipes .	10	Definite
That way we 'll all be part of building a huge archive of cat pictures .	9	Indefinite
This means that when you move a series or category field to the filter area and back , previously hidden items are again hidden .	6	Indefinite
The Debaathification Commission had been pushed by Ahmad Chalabi and his Iraqi National Congress very hard , and had pushed many Sunni Arabs into the arms of the guerrillas .	24	Definite
If it finds a matching value name , Access loads the reference from the path specified in the corresponding value data .	10	Definite
Holy cow was that a delicious meal .	4	Indefinite
Microsoft has not announced there new console yet though it is believed to be in the works .	15	Definite
Wilkins said , " [ Warhol ] liked the way photo booths and the Polaroid 's front flash looked " .	13	Definite
If the Dursleys wake up , I 'm dead , said Harry as he tied the rope tightly around a bar and Fred revved up the car .	25	Definite
Motion was of the essence , the act of putting one foot in front of the other and allowing himself to follow the drift of his own body .	15	Definite
The town was covered in potash dust .	0	Definite
Oh , and salad cream , not mayonnaise , on the coleslaw .	10	Definite
It 's important that you take retreats and plenty of time for yourself to regenerate , as the rate of change in your personal and professional life will be fast and unpredictable .	17	Definite
There was no need to open the big shutter to see .	6	Definite
Thirty years of hard work , planting and harvesting in the kibbutz .	10	Definite
--- A lunar exploration mission is funded at $ 20 million .	1	Indefinite
What a hopeless business it was , hopeless for the D.C. and for the people .	9	Definite
On the one hand , it should pressure Musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " Legal Framework Order " that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .	19	Indefinite
If you are a handcraft beer person , this is a fantastic place to be .	3	Indefinite
From either of those cities , you can venture out and spend a day in the country .	12	Indefinite
Although some may praise this as an opportunity for the private sector to finally serve the public good , NASA seems hesitant about turning over the reigns to the corporate world .	15	Definite
Pike 's concern is based on China 's development of a new medium - lift rocket , the Long March V , and the construction of a new space launch complex on Hainan Island in the South China Sea .	26	Indefinite
He had a uniform jacket with one button off , and seeing a white man on the path , hoisted his weapon to his shoulder with alacrity .	16	Definite
Joint motion for a resolution on the crisis in the pigmeat sector	9	Definite
The outfit he had chosen , khaki pants and a blue button-down shirt -- no tie -- lay neatly folded on the bed .	0	Definite
The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .	16	Indefinite
( 2 ) Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the author .	29	Definite
Heather moving in has been a different story .	5	Indefinite
Shen Kuo soon impressed Wang Anshi with his skills and abilities as an administrator and government agent .	12	Indefinite
What was the actual driving force behind this programme ?	2	Definite
The Malaysia Tourism board was quite prominent at the main entrance to the grounds .	12	Definite
Mr. ARCHIBALD : He told us whenever he was stopped , as soon as the law enforcement found out that he was the grandson of Prescott Bush , they would let him go .	22	Definite
This Amendment amends the Transaction Fee referenced in subparagraph ( c ) of the Fee Schedule to the Subscription Agreement .	13	Definite
It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms , a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war .	28	Indefinite
The application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods can help Enron to improve further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor fuel .	24	Definite
The front - runner for the 2000 Republican presidential nomination faltered Thursday in an international affairs pop quiz posed by Andy Hiller , a political reporter for WHDH - TV in Boston .	13	Indefinite
Other aspects of a civilized society must also have limitations .	3	Indefinite
In recent years , Łódź has been battling rising unemployment and youth migration resulting from the failing textile industry and is repositioning itself as a hub for design and creative industries .	15	Definite
Hands down , best place in the area !	6	Definite
[ 1 ] Over the last twenty years , use of the term has been frequently criticized by academic art historians for over-simplifying artistic developments , ignoring historical context , and focusing only on a few iconic works .	4	Definite
Roly was a bachelor and his house was the particular mixture of tranquil luxury and unchangeable dreariness that is a condition of households where white men live indulged in the sole charge of black male servants .	29	Definite
Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to -- and trust me we have been to a lot of them .	34	Indefinite
The work ( as defined below ) is provided under the terms of this Creative Commons Public License ( " CCPL " or " License " ) .	0	Definite
Most of the " talking heads " on television , however , knew only that Daschle and Leahy were liberal democrats and did not know anything of Al Qaeda beyond what they read in the US newspapers .	34	Definite
To encourage participation , the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development ( EBRD ) could invest in companies alongside foreign and local investors , as it did in Central Europe .	4	Definite
The family 's lawyer advises me that Aafia did not have enough money to pay for airfare tickets for herself and the kids and called Ismat from the train station .	0	Definite
Crossed together ( five toes is incompletely dominate ) chicks could develop to have an fifth toe on both , or even one foot .	14	Indefinite
Such a relief !	1	Indefinite
He walked forward he stretched out his hand for the handle	9	Definite
He faxed it to you and will have the original Fedexed overnight .	8	Definite
Meanwhile , Arthur Levitt has agreed to meet with us in September to brainstorm on the ideas we 've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them .	25	Indefinite
Montalvo was charged with taking hard drives and a zip drive from the Scientology organization after leaving the Sea Org group .	12	Definite
Well-food indoor kitties might just see the mouse as a toy , and grow quickly bored of it after scaring it half witless .	9	Indefinite
It is in many ways the birthplace of Classical Greece , and therefore of Western civilization .	5	Definite
Then I sat on the couch , placed one hand in the cage , holding a millet spray .	15	Indefinite
The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts made two donations to USI Art Collections , in 2007 and a second recently .	0	Definite
Yer a mess ! said Hagrid gruffly , brushing soot off Harry so forcefully he nearly knocked him into a barrel of dragon dung outside an apothecary 's .	25	Indefinite
He blew the smoke into the room .	2	Definite
Forthwith a change came over the waters , and the serenity became less brilliant but more profound .	1	Indefinite
Having always been close to the Catholic Union , Tina Anselmi attended particularly to the rights of textile workers and teachers .	5	Definite
They have been accumulating for years , and basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he feels like it .	14	Definite
I would like , first of all , to thank the rapporteur for his exceptionally accurate and technical work on the report and , secondly , the Commission for the proposal it has submitted .	29	Definite
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair ( she only wanted one , however ) .	12	Definite
Unfortunately for them , the general has decided to take seriously Colin Powell 's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the Indians made conciliatory gestures toward Islamabad .	23	Definite
Karl Rove , Bush 's most senior advisor , notoriously told Republicans on the ballot during the 2002 midterms to " run on the war . "	13	Definite
They happened in the Philippines which , like Pakistan , is an important and vulnerable node for the business which intelligence agencies and terrorist organizations conduct with each other .	11	Indefinite
I am being told by my better half that we need to get an accurate head count of who will be attending our wedding .	13	Indefinite
There began one of those chases about in the night that , Bray saw , Neil Bayley fiercely enjoyed .	8	Definite
You can see that just by looking at the current discussions in the Council .	12	Definite
At the ceremony , NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announced the locations that would be given the three remaining Space Shuttle orbiters following the end of the Space Shuttle program .	15	Definite
Sustainable development also requires proper consideration of the health , social and economic impact of the measures envisaged .	15	Definite
The flight of Fei and Nie could mark the end of the opening chapter in a three - phase Chinese space initiative , Johnson - Freese said .	0	Definite
Almost every day he 'd even wake me up like 5 am in the morning , trying to bite my arm .	13	Definite
In spring 1948 , in hopes of adapting Tintin for the cinema , the Belgian artist wrote a letter to Walt Disney , asking in vain for his support .	10	Definite
not that they ever made an effort .	5	Indefinite
I just finish reading a really good book ( it was actually a ebook ) from some new series called the The Tale of Terra .	12	Indefinite
I knew that he was an innocent but I would never have believed him to be ignorant of such a thing .	5	Indefinite
We look forward to what the Commission has to say but I would sound a note of warning .	5	Definite
Who has the 2000 tax return file for 969 ?	2	Definite
In the case of the anthrax used in the mailings , there was an electrostatic charge .	4	Definite
The results from this experiment provides further support that rocket seeds can be flown and stored on the International Space Station for six months without having any significant impacts on their ability to germinate and grow on Earth .	0	Definite
When I was ten my father already showed me some stuff in mathematics and the beauty and the imagination was quite apparent .	17	Definite
The antipasti were amazing , the wines were mind - blowing , the service could n't have been better .	0	Definite
I 'm American and I am going to the UK for the first time , what should I expect ?	11	Definite
To buy into Putin 's sham federalism is to accept the lies that the Kremlin has been spewing about Ukraine 's current interim government and the brave men and women who ousted Yanukovych .	25	Definite
65 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned weapons of mass destruction .	14	Definite
if everything is filtered , and you still have this problem - try changing the filter - if it is still there , try doubling up on the filters ...	27	Definite
and it seems this is the FIRST site of ragnarok 2 hahaha since the site is new send me your suggestions and comments	13	Definite
85 - Percentage of Indonesians who had an unfavourable image of the United States in 2003 .	11	Definite
Sometime before 1623 , a funerary monument was erected in his memory on the north wall , with a half - effigy of him in the act of writing .	13	Definite
The rain had stopped now , and although the sky was still gray , far to the west Quinn could see a tiny shift of light seeping through the clouds .	8	Definite
Accordingly , the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP ( the only one and therefore the one they have to choose ) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract .	18	Definite
During the holiday , he began an extra-marital affair with the young girl , which he admitted shortly after .	10	Definite
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .	5	Definite
I chose the later , but approached the front desk about the hotel policy to push over their responsibilities on local authorities , not to mention the good night s sleep i paid for but did nt get .	26	Definite
My role with Firefox and the Mozilla project will remain largely unchanged , I will continue doing much the same work as I have described above - with the new goal of successful 1.1 , 1.5 and 2.0 releases .	28	Definite
The first is the harmonisation of national development policies and regional development policies .	0	Definite
This will give it time to absorb any moisture that might still be in the pan .	14	Definite
A rocky cliff appeared , mounds of turned-up earth by the shore , houses on a hill , others , with iron roofs , amongst a waste of excavations , or hanging to the declivity .	25	Indefinite
" This is a disaster for pain patients , " Mailis said in an interview Thursday with CBC News .	13	Indefinite
One is the question of second-hand goods .	2	Definite
A common way to play is to make the snitch a person , and give the snitch a head start to run and hide in defined boundaries .	17	Indefinite
Is the attached form the final final form ?	4	Definite
It 's a father and son business .	2	Indefinite
They also claimed Paris was a volunteer and claim she has a vested interest for misrepresenting her experiences with the Church .	11	Indefinite
The Mets bring the corners in for a force at home , or maybe they can get the double play if it 's hit up the middle .	17	Definite
There are no other requirements other than we ask that members greet each new member and each new alliance and also feel free to post in any of the forums .	28	Definite
Do n't be in a hurry though .	4	Indefinite
try for a large body of water if you are confident your companion can save you from drowning .	2	Indefinite
There should n't be anyone suffering from iodine deficiency in a developed country like Australia . "	10	Indefinite
It looks like NASA is ready to sour again after it's devastating loss from the Columbia accident which occurred nearly two years ago .	14	Definite
Everyone was gathering round for servings from the roast sheep , and the fair stocky man from the airport signalled a greeting with a piece of meat in his fingers .	17	Definite
The square is the largest historical public square in the world after Tiananmen Square in Beijing and it is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .	19	Indefinite
You just want to be sure you can groom and saddle sufficiently and the horse itself is calm enough so that whatever size it is , you can handle it .	13	Definite
It 's become a guardian of morality -- not church morality ; real morality .	3	Indefinite
There are special regions uniquely and imposingly designed for the children .	9	Definite
Then , the next morning , when we , among many other irate guests , asked to speak to the owner , he refused to do so .	19	Definite
Only a small minority of academics believe there is reason to question the traditional attribution , but interest in the subject , particularly the Oxfordian theory of Shakespeare authorship , continues into the 21 st century .	23	Definite
Mr. Sahaf eventually became a popular icon as a court jester , but this did not stop some allegedly respectable newspapers from giving him equal time .	8	Indefinite
There has always been a Mexican - American cultural influence since Calif was owned by Mexico .	4	Indefinite
In the end , the results were not favorable .	1	Definite
The folder that contains the Access file , and any subfolders located in that folder .	4	Definite
We envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order , filing , etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information .	13	Definite
The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral , this tradition started after the civil war .	0	Definite
they seemed more interested in helping me find the right car rather then just make a sale .	15	Indefinite
The submarine incident was put down to a " technical error " by the Chinese government , which apologised to Japan .	0	Definite
After you create an account , you can use Friendship Pages to see your interactions with any friend , all in one place .	3	Indefinite
