I think the title was Unfinished Business .	4	First person Singular
We called few companies before we decide to hire them .	5	First person Plural
He loves to flirt with her when Cyprian 's not looking , but get her doing her marvellous wriggle on the floor and he just stands there like Andrew , dragging his feet .	5	Third person Singular
Please let me know how you would like to proceed .	2	First person Singular
Almost every day he 'd even wake me up like 5 am in the morning , trying to bite my arm .	3	Third person Singular
She is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out .	22	Third person Singular
Pardon my questions , but you are the first Englishman coming under my observation ... .	1	First person Singular
It remains to be seen whether they will extend the same courtesy to the arriving gray wolf .	0	Third person Singular
Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates .	4	Third person Singular
But millions of Moslems are told by their leaders that this is the case .	7	Third person Plural
Investors are asking what Edison intends for QFs and generators -- asking about haircuts in particular -- and Edison is side - stepping the questions .	5	Third person Singular
We are run as a Hybrid Organization - a for-profit company focused on achieving a social good .	0	First person Plural
the economy is down and when enron collapses , the energy industry is going to be in a world of hurt .	2	Third person Singular
My apartment was usually quiet .	2	Third person Singular
I have a hamster , and mice and rats like to escape .	0	First person Singular
This command displays the Import dialog box so that you can select an XML document as well as a schema , which describes the structure of the data .	2	Third person Singular
They took on the challenge of making my Ferrari all I dreamed of and more .	7	First person Singular
Here Kant 's rule -- " Animals are merely means to an end ; that end is man " -- is applied with a vengeance .	20	Third person Singular
If you 're adventurous you can take a bus or water taxi to My Tho ( near where we live ) or Can Tho .	18	First person Plural
Dan I for one was very happy to hear about your quitting smoking .	4	Third person Singular
Hopless service , at the time of booking my car a lot was promised but delivered not even one tenth of what was promised .	12	Third person Singular
After going through 5 other places I finally found Janice at Alta Moda .	6	First person Singular
Both have full 1080 video with stereo recording , so that does n't matter .	11	Third person Singular
Most people will probably see that this is a joke .	7	Third person Singular
Yo mama `s so fat , she `s got smaller fat women orbiting around her .	7	Third person Singular
After a couple of weeks I got tired of them .	5	First person Singular
That 's all right , officer , this is Colonel Bray .	1	Third person Singular
While I hope I do n't have any need for a lawyer anytime soon , if I do I 'll definitely use this firm again .	16	First person Singular
Winter defied his own board and Gov. Gray Davis when he filed a 50 - page request to remove the caps , records and interviews show .	10	Third person Singular
At the baggage carousel I see my youthful Hasid again and we take a final look at each other .	6	First person Singular
She asked me to bring the original piece back and I told her I had to use it on the job .	2	First person Singular
I visited London , Edinburgh , and St. Andrew s so far , and I was treated very well and with great kindness .	0	First person Singular
His nickname is " Jafar the Pilot . "	2	Third person Singular
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar 's property ) .	16	First person Plural
The air was soon thick with flying gnomes .	2	First person Singular
" I grabbed my glasses and my knife and unzipped my tent and headed out . "	3	First person Singular
Tape the bottom of the box securely so that it does n't give way .	10	Third person Singular
Likewise , our GDP metric does not reflect the cost of the increased insecurity individuals may feel with the increased risk of a loss of a job .	5	Third person Singular
He was deposited in an office on the 33rd floor where a pricy church lawyer interrogated him for two hours . "	1	Third person Singular
why is enron blowing up ?	1	Third person Singular
I Love Hellada Gallery !	0	First person Singular
Same , when I 'm galloping in an open space like that I can just forget everything .	3	First person Singular
Since the 1960s , Oakland has been a hub of radical culture , and is the birthplace of both the Black Panther Party and the Hell 's Angels .	5	Third person Singular
This is where the socio - political aspect of this conundrum comes into play .	1	Third person Singular
John , sorry for the late response , but I think you can implement immediately .	9	First person Singular
in our case , they are only hedging .	1	First person Plural
This was confirmed by Virginia Stillman , whom Quinn called each night after returning home .	1	First person Singular
There 's another top predator in the ocean , it turns out .	9	Third person Singular
This is about the fourth time they 've done my horse 's feet because I just switched back to them .	19	Third person Plural
Please note Credit has no EOL responses for 3/10/00 .	3	Third person Singular
" Iran has significant capabilities for asymmetric warfare , and poses the additional threat of proliferation .	10	Third person Singular
Among those who championed him were the writers Voltaire , Goethe , Stendhal and Victor Hugo .	5	Second person Singular
For us , as digital humanists , defining the “ transmedia fan ” is of particular relevance as we seek to understand contemporary social and cultural transformations engendered by digital technologies .	13	Third person Singular
What are your thoughts on the job Bob McDonnell has done as Governor of Virginia ?	9	Third person Singular
We went through six photographers to find the right photographers that would represent our firm in the light we wished to and Michael and his team made that happen .	18	First person Plural
She trusts me , she ’s more my dog than anyone ’s , and she did n’t like it but for me she lay there .	14	Third person Singular
The doctor begs them to stop intermarrying but they say they have to keep the blood pure .	2	Third person Singular
Once a storm moves over any appreciably sized piece of land , the moisture source is removed and the storm begins to dissipate .	20	Third person Singular
Let me begin by saying that I do not intend to talk about my own report .	6	First person Singular
Phailin 's winds will rapidly weaken as it pushes inland .	8	Third person Singular
This means that I could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely , because it would have expired and disappeared by the time I returned .	1	Third person Singular
It is , surprisingly , near the Blue Water Bridges , some miles to the west of this location .	0	Third person Singular
Pay extra attention to the appetizers - the next time I go there I 'm planning on ordered a few instead of an entree .	13	First person Singular
Then we got put in a room with a huge gap under the door .... right next to the ice machine .	1	First person Plural
My pup has a wonderful temperment and has been a wonderful addition to my family !	2	Third person Singular
He needs more info about these trades ( i.e. , price info ) and would like to talk with you about it .	21	Third person Singular
We also own two chickens that are kept in a run behind out garage / barn thing .	12	First person Plural
I am doing origami jewelry and found exactly the right things for earrings and got many other ideas there too .	0	First person Singular
I 'm not sure , but I think that he 's got class tonite , too .	9	Third person Singular
However since the elections Iranian influence has proved critical in convincing the Hazara Shia candidate Mohammed Mohaqeq to accept the results of the elections and later convincing Qanooni to do the same .	6	Third person Singular
Although it is often alleged ( without much evidence ) that Saddam Hussein gave money to the families of Palestinian suicide bombers and so encouraged asymmetrical warfare , it is not clear that he actually posed a danger to Israel .	29	Third person Singular
Under his administration , the female vote was approved , political parties were legalised , all of the exiled were allowed to return and the remaining political prisoners were freed .	7	Third person Singular
Everyone is entitled in full equality to a fair and public hearing by an independent and impartial tribunal , in the determination of his rights and obligations and of any criminal charge against him .	0	Third person Singular
I remember going into Hollywood Magic and wanting that big red box with the dragons on it and I did n't even know what it did .	16	Third person Singular
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP .	2	Third person Singular
I am thinking here of airport zones , high-speed trains and major motorways .	1	First person Singular
Auster was somewhat reticent about it , but at last he conceded that he was working on a book of essays . The current piece was about Don Quixote .	10	Third person Singular
He put the empty bowl back on the floor next to the cat-flap and lay back down on the bed , somehow even hungrier than he had been before the soup .	25	Third person Singular
The education is horrible at best , do society a favor , and do NOT send your student here .	2	Third person Singular
Remember you should know how to write it .	7	Third person Singular
That 's a sign of arrogance , since it is very hard to be a truly good friend to someone who 's stuck on themselves .	21	Third person Singular
Northern Algeria is in the temperate zone and enjoys a mild , Mediterranean climate .	8	Third person Singular
My dental surgeon , Dr. Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established .	20	Third person Singular
Despite the release of a photo this morning , police in B.C. say they have more questions than answers about an apparently homeless man charged in the fatal stabbing of a teen girl at her Abbotsford high school .	34	Third person Singular
We also know how Dan Rather libeled George Bush and impugned his service in the Texas Air National Guard on a " 60 Minutes II " report based largely on forged documents .	0	First person Plural
I was not impressed , and quite frustrated at their lack of rating for their courses .	0	First person Singular
The picture I described here is not pretty .	5	Third person Singular
This is a perfect place to get your hair done .	1	Third person Singular
How they murdered him I do not know , save that it was Murillo 's hand who struck him down , for Lopez had remained to guard me .	18	Third person Singular
Sir Francis Walsingham dies : April 6 , 1590 Monday	3	Third person Singular
At this rate we may have to start pinning notes to your shirt to remind you to do things .	3	First person Plural
I highly recommend Debi , she does an amazing job , I " love " the way she cuts my hair , extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .	11	First person Singular
Use a room that is n't used every day such as the formal dining or living room .	4	Third person Singular
For example , I actually forgot to feed my cat , and they went out of their way to take care of him .	8	First person Singular
Well there s Mc. Donald s , Taco Bell , Burger King .....	2	Third person Singular
I 'm not kidding , I once lost a hamster in my house 3 months later I walk down in the basement and it was as big as a rat .	16	First person Singular
Chances are , you ’ll get into a groove and keep working at a high pace even when your frenzy time is out .	21	Third person Singular
They could not defeat the Americans .	0	Third person Plural
I 'll get back to you as soon as I have more info ( hopefully later today )	0	First person Singular
It was so successful that the military continued to use it for many years after the war , and it was still in use in some countries in the 1980s .	10	Third person Singular
But she took a tidbit of crisp fat from her husband 's fork .	9	Third person Singular
And if a tree was not a tree , he wondered what it really was .	4	First person Singular
Overall , it is very family oriented , and I recommend it to everyone !!!	2	Third person Singular
Once you 're holding it , try to get her to touch / pet it ...	14	Third person Singular
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .	18	Third person Singular
i want a small indoor pet that my mother will let me have please help	0	First person Singular
It had been eating dog food the whole time .	0	Third person Singular
At Madison Avenue he turned right and went south for a block , then turned left and saw where he was .	3	Third person Singular
so i live in Invercargill New Zealand and i want to know if there are any good places to buy an ice - cream sundae from other than mc donald s lol	1	First person Singular
This is one of my favorite places to eat for lunch .	1	Third person Singular
I know you must be going nuts with all the events , so I have not called .	0	First person Singular
It 's really too advanced for a beginner , both in tooling and safety .	0	Third person Singular
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .	1	Third person Singular
Our Rector Barbara and our Deacon Clare also have signed the Declaration .	0	First person Plural
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .	4	Third person Singular
I have also looked at the photo galleries for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants and I have narrowed it down to three establishments .	22	Third person Singular
Tulsa has an active bicycling community .	1	Third person Singular
i was just going to sleep anyway .	0	First person Singular
the camera only begins to work again when i take out the battery and put it back in .	15	Third person Singular
It is next to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to Sacre Coeur which is excellent for shopping .	16	Third person Singular
With the US military presence posing a threat on their borders in both Iraq and Afghanistan , Iran ’s moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise Karzai so that the US presence in Afghanistan is reduced .	21	Third person Singular
If you own a Retail Store or are a Professional Vendor who exhibits at Sport , Hunting , or Craft Shows and are interested in selling our products , please give us a call !	26	First person Plural
While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong .	22	First person Singular
But while the ( otherwise perishable ) thoughts are still fresh in my mind from the hearings on Monday and Tuesday , I wanted to throw out some observations for discussion in the days / weeks ahead .	12	First person Singular
He 's not putting it back on .	1	Third person Singular
It contains the head of Saint James the brother of John and many relics .	1	Third person Singular
“ We face a lot of competition , and we think transit can help , ” said Joe Sternlieb , president of the Georgetown BID .	1	First person Plural
I much preferred the one - on - one service here to the experiences I 've had with bigger offices and firms .	14	First person Singular
Thus commenced his unprecedented and whimsical 21-year " reign " over America .	2	Third person Singular
The flat-rate approach produces more risk of overcompensation , which is why we have set the margin at 2.6 -% .	3	Third person Singular
Finally a chambermaid stuck her head around the corner from the top of the stairs and told us sternly that we could not be accommodated until 3 M , no exceptions .	20	First person Plural
Her mind was on the broader pictures —	2	Third person Singular
It 's easy .	0	Third person Singular
Also , Beardies often do not eat food that is not moving , so it s anyone 's guess whether or not he 'll touch the freeze - dried crickets or the processed food .	14	Third person Singular
he says : Why you tell me you r in WARWICK TOWNSHIP ?	0	Third person Singular
With a smirk on her face she told me NO MONEY IS BEING RETURNED and THAT IS THE WAY IT WAS .	8	First person Singular
Adam Auerbach served in an electronic-warfare unit and was returning from a military action when the helicopter in which he was flying crashed .	20	First person Singular
Anyway they jimmy rigged it so i could drive it home .	6	First person Singular
If Abbas does not change his former thinking and continues the path of Yasser Arafat , then there will not be peace in the Holy Land and the Palestinians will ultimately suffer .	9	Third person Singular
They stopped somewhere to give a man a lift ; he was caught in the lights , hat in hand ; only his clean white shirt had shown on the dark road .	22	Third person Singular
He was quite alone , but where he was , he had no idea .	1	First person Singular
Even in November the place is uncomfortably warm .	5	Third person Singular
We must not content ourselves with sealing another hole in the safety net and shutting our eyes to the fact that , where transport safety in Europe is concerned , there is still much more to be done .	0	First person Plural
Nevertheless , I see that in a book called Things to Come two Americans who think themselves anything but undeveloped and helpless , Herman Kahn and B Bruce-Briggs , are not impressed by Russian achievements .	2	First person Singular
The work was completed within one week , and everything was cleaned up on completion .	2	Third person Singular
That is all for now .	1	Third person Singular
He struck a match , and I perceived that this young aristocrat had not only a silver-mounted dressing-case but also a whole candle all to himself .	6	First person Singular
Yes , it is true that some people do n't like the way they think he will vote on the Supreme Court .	2	Third person Singular
you do n't know what that means ?	6	Third person Singular
IE 's various versions accounted for 70 percent of the market in 2009 ; this has dropped to approximately 56 percent today .	15	Third person Singular
Margot 's had to be in the kitchen herself from six in the morning , and some nights it 's been until ten .	19	Third person Singular
Yes ; but it is like a running blaze on a plain , like a flash of lightning in the clouds .	4	Third person Singular
The timing of the decision was also significant ;	5	Third person Singular
Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !	16	First person Singular
Well it took us a while to find one that we liked .	3	First person Plural
How has Katrina changed the US ?	1	Third person Singular
While L'Enfant was in New York City , he was initiated into Freemasonry .	8	Third person Singular
I will never go back to this place and I am reporting them to the better business bureau for such horrible customer relations and basically sabotaging my pizza and taking my $ 25 .	30	First person Singular
I live nearly two hours away and yet I will still make the drive to see them !	16	Third person Plural
At this stage it is more important to concentrate on assessing how we can use this process to steer Union regional policy , bearing in mind that the aim is to reduce regional inequality .	12	First person Plural
If democracy is just free elections , it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected , the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory .	8	Third person Singular
i was thinking somewhere that requires a jacket , like tony 's .	5	Third person Singular
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m. , Friday , May 4th	5	First person Singular
Eyes closing , she leans in for the kiss .	4	Third person Singular
He has braved so many dangers already !	0	Third person Singular
He added : " This has been one step in a long journey of finding the right combination for male hormonal contraception . "	5	Third person Singular
I found this pure white bird in my neighborhood , its wing is injured , so I 'm currently taking care of it .	12	Third person Singular
My house already feels fresh and good thanks to the Battery Park Pest I 'm enjoying my time indoors much better .	3	Third person Singular
In spite of them , not everyone in the party understood the messages that the president tried to send to them yesterday .	20	Third person Plural
This one person who I never met took a picture of me and sent it to me in an e-mail .	4	First person Singular
They laughed .	0	Third person Plural
John Lavorato has requested the attached report .	2	Third person Singular
GOODWYN : Murph Archibald says that at first , he did n't know that Mr. Bush was serving in the Air National Guard .	16	Third person Singular
We mixed different concentrations of ROS with the spores , plated them out on petridishes with an agar-solution where fungus can grow on .	11	Third person Plural
It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who does n't know anything about it and get them to initial it .	0	Third person Singular
North Korea ’s Kim Jong Ill also has the bomb at the top of his list and Santa seems to have already come a few years ago .	18	Third person Singular
afterwards he arose and went out – and the wilderness without a sound took him into its bosom again .	1	Third person Singular
His paper is not friendly to Israel .	0	Third person Singular
Plus they will overcharge you for just about everything , and smile while doing it .	14	Third person Singular
The best analogy I ’ve heard is when Rob Siegel , former editor-in-chief , likened it to wine tasting .	15	Third person Singular
I was unable to say much about it in my Risk Electricity Hedging and Trading report because of deadline pressures .	0	First person Singular
All that is needed now is to determine whether it works in practice .	5	Third person Singular
I have a siamese lynx name Star we called her that because she has a star pattern on her face .	18	Third person Singular
I have terrible hair and he really takes his time to make it look right .	5	Third person Singular
A team from the court managed to take his deposition before he died .	11	Third person Singular
The other Canadian recipient of the medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford , 42 , of Hamilton , who was killed Aug. 4 , 2002 , while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife .	18	Third person Singular
When you make them look bad - even if it is the slightest offense - they will usually be very mad at you .	15	Third person Plural
I dropped the truck off in the morning and it was ready that afternoon .	0	First person Singular
John sails infrequently now .	1	Third person Singular
We should try to have a conference call with the west desk to discuss as soon as we can .	17	First person Plural
Sometimes it is not worth it to go through that kind of staff and their personal attitude to get to a doctor .	1	Third person Singular
It was completed rather late in the war ; although a number of B-29s were equipped with Eagle and it worked well , it came too late to make much difference .	0	Third person Singular
Robb says it is " like an experimental novel in which the female protagonist is always trying to pull in extraneous realities but which the hero is determined to keep on course , whatever tricks he has to use .	3	Third person Singular
Your setup needs to be both realistic and exaggerated in order to be funny —	2	Third person Singular
I wish I could have a slice for every single meal .	0	First person Singular
Nevertheless , as time wore on he found himself doing a good imitation of a man preparing to go out .	8	Third person Singular
We elected to not do the EPM test because there was NO neurological signs .	10	Third person Singular
I hope that the Commission is able to accept the present amendment .	1	First person Singular
When I first started doing it I 'd do it every day .	5	Third person Singular
Yesterday it was my privilege and pleasure to be permitted two minutes ' speaking time in this House .	2	First person Singular
... I ve been living in Fujairah my entire life and I must say that it is developing in a good way .	1	First person Singular
I expect it will be determined that , under " Strong Man " Hugo Chavez , Posada could not be guaranteed a fair trial .	2	Third person Singular
The two screamed to frighten the bear and warn their friends in a tent several metres away but the bear ripped into that tent and began mauling 31 - year - old Alain Parenteau .	9	Third person Plural
Exhibit goers then became part of the very exhibit they had wanted to attend .	9	Third person Plural
Why do I put aside Israel and its own immediate neighborhood ?	2	First person Singular
When the male s aggressive behavior stops , it is ready to spawn .	6	Third person Singular
He stressed , however , that NASA would not follow this week 's Chinese mission through formal channels .	0	Third person Singular
He was less than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got , and his work was top notch .	1	Third person Singular
She also claims that in 1997 and 1998 , she was tasked with removal of asbestos from the ship .	0	Third person Singular
Are workers allowed to keep religious objects on their desks ?	8	Third person Plural
Voting has , in the vernacular of terror , become the new soft target .	1	Third person Singular
And there are already Arabs who did it .	7	Third person Singular
The home page for Rockin on the River is , and it lists all the acts scheduled for the season .	8	Third person Singular
This person is not coming to visit you - the whole point of this scam is to gain your trust enough to steal your money and identity	2	Third person Singular
she told me that after friday and saturday she felt i was slowly regressing .	10	First person Singular
This file is saved as _report.xml .	2	Third person Singular
Find him before he finds the dog food .	4	Third person Singular
The Vatican is the next topic and receives similar treatment .	7	Third person Singular
Even though I live pretty far from her office I still make the trip so my daughters will have the BEST !	2	First person Singular
My life is too complicated right now trying to do my job .	2	Third person Singular
I like to imagine the thought processes going on in W 's head if he were to actually read the letter , but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter .	14	Third person Singular
Just a reminder to send me a currency report .	5	First person Singular
give them to a library or burn them .	1	Third person Plural
This magma tends to be very viscous due to its high silica content , so it often does not reach the surface but cools at depth .	2	Third person Singular
If it 's inherently negative , then they 're either over-zealous , ignorant of other people or what to avoid those that contradict their fantasy land that caters to them and them only .	23	Third person Plural
The President will be expecting me to have come for you with the Mercedes , but , honestly , if I 'd have waited to get it I would have turned up I do n't know when .	5	First person Singular
The amendment to the Directive on today 's agenda does not therefore affect the existing harmonisation of the transport of dangerous goods in the community .	9	Third person Singular
She waggled her fingers , sticky from the marshmallow , and her husband took his handkerchief from his pocket and gave it to her .	2	Third person Singular
It is clearly trying to develop nuclear weapons .	1	Third person Singular
At first it was all cool and all .	3	Third person Singular
Jack welch is the CEO of GE , not GM .	2	Third person Singular
You know that your hostess has lost a son ; that her sister lost children in the 1973 war ;	11	Third person Singular
Ask around to see what they 've been saying about you .	5	Third person Plural
What a neat gem of a restaurant in a corner one would n't expect it .	14	Third person Singular
Introduces the word gambit .	0	Third person Singular
This is a two day process and all because I let my CA license expire .	9	First person Singular
But it is coming under fire .	1	Third person Singular
It settled anyway , a long time ago .	0	Third person Singular
Is that Microwave that you gave Dan really expensive ?	0	Third person Singular
Israel wants to drive the Palestinians toward civil war . "	1	Third person Singular
So they see the pictures flicker slower and there for it seems choppy to them .	14	Third person Plural
If there is no oppression of Russian speakers in Ukraine , there is no reason to change the country 's political structure .	2	Third person Singular
Would it be possible to persuade others to agree with what he said , even though they did not believe him ?	16	Third person Plural
Does the Tablet have a major difference in speed compared to the Color ?	0	Third person Singular
The judge in Duffy 's fraud and breach of trust trial ultimately ruled they were within the Senate 's rules when he cleared Duffy of all charges .	13	Third person Plural
Nor can you attain the true solitude that is a condition and prerequisite of creation , the source and its strength .	19	Third person Singular
As he did not have a window seat he did not see the bush and the earth red as brick-dust and the furze of growth along the river-beds :	8	Third person Singular
There were no other options available ( I only brought my check card to cover any overage cost ) and she rang it up and applied it to the gift card before telling me about the tip policy .	33	First person Singular
The ship offers variety of eatables , deliciously made .	2	Third person Singular
It 's all in the air .	1	Third person Singular
We are still trying to work the PSE swap transaction , now that the forex desk has been able to find a fix for CPI in the market .	16	Third person Singular
Prevention has to be our answer to disasters of this kind and this draft Directive is an important step towards well - trained safety advisers being available , so that the right action is taken in good time .	33	Third person Singular
I am a licensed mental health counselor and I work with variety of mental health problems .	0	First person Singular
He was sent to France to have insignias made for members of the Society , a group of veterans of the war .	0	Third person Singular
They only ' go out in the open ' once they have reached a certain level of seriousness .	10	Third person Plural
West Nile can cause EPM like symptoms and does n't always include a fever .	8	Third person Singular
I wanted to follow up with you regarding the creation and approval of ISDA Confirmations for the following equity trades that I understand Laurel had discussed with you previously .	0	First person Singular
i would like more bands like them pleasseee	0	First person Singular
I know a lot of people say to wait until he calls you , but it 's different because I 'm a client and technically that 's all I am at this point .	11	Third person Singular
They can help you and it is close to a train station in Calcutta so check a few big ones ?	0	Third person Plural
The Kerry camp blames Bush for the Swift boat veterans ’ attack , but anyone who has spent much time talking to the Swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons .	24	Third person Singular
And yes , I do like him .	6	Third person Singular
" The Times ought to be stronger in politics than it is in literature , but who knows .	11	Third person Singular
Could someone in your group please give me a notional non binding basis differential for this quality of crude for Cal 2003 ?	7	First person Singular
So , therefore , now he says i am inoperable ( even though i am not 100 % inoperable ) , and he is letting me die .	6	Third person Singular
This willingness is the main difference in the number of bombings in the south as opposed to the center - north of the country . )	2	Third person Singular
They grabbed what they could get for the sake of what was to be got .	0	Third person Plural
Decide volunteering is not your thing and give them back !	8	Third person Plural
They also got my friend s order mixed up and wanted to charger her $ 10 more than what she had wanted .	0	Third person Plural
He graduated very high in his class , from Princeton undergraduate and from Law School at Yale .	0	Third person Singular
Would n't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves , or to talk their sons into doing it , if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor ?	12	Third person Plural
Whereas Saddam Hussein 's dictatorship ensured that such populist currents were kept firmly under control , they are now free to organize .	16	Third person Plural
Now feed the one in the breeding tank as much bloodworms , blackworms and / or earthworms as it can eat for 3 - 5 days .	18	Third person Singular
They were not enemies , they were not criminals , they were nothing earthly now , – nothing but black shadows of disease and starvation , lying confusedly in the greenish gloom .	5	Third person Plural
Smutney - Jones also said he was unaware of anyone in the power - generating community being consulted .	6	Third person Singular
Recall how a few years ago , just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers , the financial sector prided itself on its innovativeness .	0	Second person Singular
it runs you about 4 bucks and it deals crushing blows to hunger .	7	Third person Singular
One is a special tool to detect damage to the thermal - protective tile while in orbit - something the Columbia crew would have welcomed .	1	Third person Singular
When regarding an artwork , a viewer gathers information through a series fixations , interspersed by rapid movements of the eye called saccades .	7	Third person Singular
yeah , i was thinking somewhere like mcdonald 's .	3	First person Singular
They were abrasive and rude - when they were the ones who messed everything up .	7	Third person Plural
Saying that I need to give him my address or else I have intimacy issues is not helpful .	15	Third person Singular
My concern is that between now and then Dunn , the AG have the time and resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief , which could be detrimental to generators / marketers ' claims .	0	First person Singular
we started working with a few of our friends , and colleagues and whatnot .	0	First person Plural
Of all Freemason sponsered revolutions : American , French , Bolivar , etc . . . Garibaldi 's is the most blatantly Masonic :	18	Third person Singular
Lopez 's 1561 book " Libro de la invencion liberal y arte del Juego del Acedraz " became THE classic on Chess openings , including the one that bears his name .	28	Third person Singular
But a scan has shown the tumour in Ms Pugh 's right lung is growing , and she has had to leave the trial .	18	Third person Singular
I was very excited that a salon was opening in Lewiston , as I live in Youngstown .	7	Third person Singular
Portrait shot of Dennis Hopper , famous for his role in the 1969 film Easy Rider , amongst the Warhol Polaroids donated to USI by the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts .	8	Third person Singular
( 3 ) Everyone who works has the right to just and favourable remuneration ensuring for himself and his family an existence worthy of human dignity , and supplemented , if necessary , by other means of social protection .	3	Third person Singular
He had read Quinn 's old work , he had admired it , he had been looking forward to more .	8	Third person Singular
He was discharged when the Continental Army was disbanded in December 1783 .	1	Third person Singular
If using a silicone cupcake sheet , simply have it ready .	9	Third person Singular
I doubt that will be the outcome though .	0	First person Singular
Service does not get any better !!!!	1	Third person Singular
" Architecture wo n't help deceased people , but it helps to keep their memories alive among the living , " he says .	9	Third person Singular
We arrived Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked .	0	First person Plural
I was ashamed to be in friendship with girls ... until I undrstood that it 's not seakness as well as women wearing men 's pants is n't seak :)	26	Third person Singular
How can we license individual operators if we do not make that separation ?	2	First person Plural
Mrs Weasley came to a halt in front of them , her hands on her hips , staring from one guilty face to the next .	9	Third person Plural
But there was a certain comfort in that .	2	First person Singular
‘’ Pakistan now has a large force deployed in Baluchistan which was not there before , ’’ says Lt. General David Barno .	11	Third person Singular
The above services provide no value to me personally .	7	First person Singular
Those worthy fellows who 've gone down South to Rhodesia and South Africa where they can feel confident they 'll never have a black man on the Bench to give a verdict as biased as a white man 's .	18	Third person Plural
His fellow judges love him .	0	Third person Singular
In most cases , our address is composed of conventional first name and last name plus @paulhastings.com .	6	Third person Singular
However , all that is to no purpose .	4	Third person Singular
His autobiography ( see below ) was published in English translation as recently as 1995 .	6	Third person Singular
Whereas it is essential , if man is not to be compelled to have recourse , as a last resort , to rebellion against tyranny and oppression , that human rights should be protected by the rule of law ;	7	Third person Singular
North Korea puts military in ' quasi-state of war '	2	Third person Singular
turn the modem off and see if the sound is still there ... could be static on the line ... if the sound is still there with the modem off then the problem is NOT the DSL ....	33	Third person Singular
It 's terrible when I sing the old chants from home but it 's not so bad in English – English is such a rough-sounding language anyway .	1	Third person Singular
Our government has negotiated a standby loan agreement with the International Monetary Fund that will give us some of the tools that we need to get our financial and economic house in order .	16	First person Plural
He can eat all his feed and does n't drop any , but can not eat hay from lack of muscle to chew it .	23	Third person Singular
Try googling it for more info :)	2	Third person Singular
My commitment to Rick Causey is that I will have that global report in production by the end of the year .	7	First person Singular
It was a natural thing , but I never coined myself as ' The Mets Poet . '	7	First person Singular
The real Lockhart was wearing robes of forget-me-not blue which exactly matched his eyes ; his pointed wizard 's hat was set at a jaunty angle on his wavy hair .	27	Third person Singular
When that happens , all the substances create a rave and start partying and electrons fly everywhere and what results ?	2	Third person Singular
I 'm nothing more than a devoted fan of the game myself and I hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan discussions .	11	First person Singular
I would also like to say something about the two amendments tabled by my group .	13	First person Singular
Balzac worked these scenes from his boyhood - as he did many aspects of his life and the lives of those around him - into La Comédie Humaine .	9	Third person Singular
they save me from having to deal with Tmobile ...	0	Third person Plural
She next faced defending champion and top seed Sara Errani , but was defeated .	0	Third person Singular
I have n't seen her for a couple of weeks and have only talked to her .	0	First person Singular
This is pretty easy math for me .	6	First person Singular
Our waiter quickly grasped the fact that I like Ginger ale and rather spicy foods while my wife 's taste ran to lemonade and less spicy fare .	16	First person Singular
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive . Valeska Paris	16	First person Singular
Just wanted you to know that Eric came by as scheduled today and sprayed our house for scorpions .	14	First person Plural
We want an original take .	0	First person Plural
Signs of this can be hard to spot , and if this is true in her case she will definitely need to see a vet .	15	Third person Singular
I have done a fair amount of metal casting , but never tried to build my own furnace , but I think your version is just too small and does n't get hot enough .	15	First person Singular
Then he began again , assuring me Mr. Kurtz was the best agent he had , an exceptional man , of the greatest importance to the Company ; therefore I could understand his anxiety .	13	Third person Singular
However , the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list .	9	Third person Singular
Attached is my resume .	2	First person Singular
Infected ants chose food laced with toxic hydrogen peroxide , whereas healthy ants avoided it .	14	Third person Singular
I 'm pretty sure for the cast that it was the other way around .	8	Third person Singular
Well , they 've been clamouring away , of course , but he 's refused to touch the army .	12	Third person Singular
“ We face a lot of competition , and we think transit can help , ” said Joe Sternlieb , president of the Georgetown BID .	9	First person Plural
They were chirping and doing their every day business .	0	Third person Plural
Andreas Bechtolsheim built a microcomputer ; Vinod Khosla recruited him and Scott McNealy to manufacture computers based on it , and Bill Joy to develop a UNIX - based OS for the computer .	18	Third person Singular
At just 20 , she is a strong voice against bullying and a positive one in helping girls embrace their own standards of beauty .	19	Third person Plural
Mr President , Commissioner , the proposal presented by the Commission , in accordance with its mandate , is a reasonable starting point for the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .	18	Third person Singular
I do know that most of the time this plant was not buring like it did in July and August of this year .	14	Third person Singular
The meeting 's participants agreed that strong efforts to support pre - conception care in the context of maternal - and child - health services were vital .	25	Second person Singular
The way China develops is vital for the way our own societies develop .	9	First person Plural
Shahar leads me down from the Mishkenot Sha'ananim , which stands on a slope and faces Mount Zion and the Old City , to the Gai-Hinnom ( Gehenna of tradition ) , where worshipers of Moloch once sacrificed their children .	1	Third person Singular
if everything is filtered , and you still have this problem - try changing the filter - if it is still there , try doubling up on the filters ...	2	Third person Singular
I love how it really depends on how good a horse your horse really is , not how talented he is .	3	Third person Singular
For more info on lo - fi photography , check put my website :	11	First person Singular
After talking with Professors Titman , Ronn , Brown and Jemison , I was sure that the School was the right place to get the education I was looking for .	27	First person Singular
But I can see that the Archbishop gives him bad marks for lighting up after the main course .	8	Third person Singular
My hope is that over time , internet users will demand this of any site where they invest their time in a way that creates value for others .	24	Third person Singular
I have weighed those options and found the three that I have chosen to be more my wife and my own taste .	0	First person Singular
That is what I want to talk about today .	1	Third person Singular
Feels like you are in Brooklyn , but people watching is entertaining .	10	Third person Singular
What matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving Spain out of Iraq .	2	Third person Singular
Therefore , Madam President , I would ask you to request that the Commission express its opinion on this issue and that we then proceed to the vote .	5	First person Singular
Wilkes was re-elected and expelled twice more , before the House of Commons resolved that his candidature was invalid and declared the runner - up as the victor .	17	Third person Singular
It 's called Kiwi Heaven and it 's across the river from Cho Ben Tre .	6	Third person Singular
He was Paul Auster now , and with each step he took he tried to fit more comfortably into the strictures of that transformation .	0	Third person Singular
" Empirical research pointed to climate as being a strong driver , " she said .	13	Third person Singular
or it is normal ?	1	Third person Singular
I asked them to change it but they rudely said that it was okay .	2	Third person Plural
And he strode away , head and shoulders taller than anyone else in the packed street .	1	Third person Singular
In it , Norton observed :	1	Third person Singular
Try some , Margot , it 's wonderful ...	6	Third person Singular
Unemployent stays low because half the population oversees those " out of the workforce " , the dregs , the rabble , the enemy ?	7	Third person Singular
Nobody pays someone to keep their horse in shape and rides once a week , then takes all the ribbons at the show because their horse is good .	24	Third person Plural
Workers who do these introductions look at the interaction objectively ; and it 's good to see they are able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem .	12	Third person Singular
Another variation is where the referee places the snitch somewhere in the field ( in this case it 's a small ball ) .	2	Third person Singular
I 'm not even in Iraq and I could have predicted to you the consequences of doing what the CPA has been doing .	0	First person Singular
A settlement on the area of present-day Łódź was established in the 14th century and in 1423 it was granted a town charter , along with the right to have a marketplace .	18	Third person Singular
they use them to look prickly .. would you try to eat a cactus [ if u had no knife ] i know i would nt .	0	Third person Plural
If you are moving the line towards the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows smaller .	35	Third person Singular
We are very concerned with providing services that are relevant to that environment .	0	First person Plural
Separating a pair some time before a show ( killies are usually shown & judged & often sold as pairs ) will encourage them to court and show their best colors .	23	Third person Plural
I am speaking for the first time in this plenary part - session , so this is quite exciting for me , a little like first love , although that did last longer than two minutes .	16	Third person Singular
He just could n't wait .	0	Third person Singular
It is a glorious idea . I know the wife of a very high personage in the Administration , and also a man who has lots of influence with , &c. , &c .	24	Third person Singular
I had buried my husband in a lead box sunk into the mud of the bottom of the river , where all the riverboatmen lie .	3	First person Singular
They was about to Charge me $ 129 ...	0	Third person Plural
We need to be more ' rigorous ' about how we perceive these people .	0	First person Plural
do n't they know we have better things to do	4	First person Plural
Truly a moment that speaks for itself .	6	Third person Singular
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one .	0	First person Singular
I have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35 % more light / heat and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well - being of him .	14	Third person Singular
We 're gearing up for our 2001 / 02 recruiting campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and what can be improved in our process .	18	First person Plural
When they are just jumping at each other and their tails are wagging that means that they are playing .	1	Third person Plural
or , as i saw on embarrassing pets on tv , get a clicker type thing and treats as well .	3	First person Singular
That band is involved in a local competition which promises a $ 5000 first prize , which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started .	26	Third person Singular
1584 Ivan the Terrible dies while starting a game of chess .	4	Third person Singular
All I can say is that Elmira you are the best I ve experienced , never before has the seamstress done a perfect job until i met you .	11	First person Singular
Yo mama `s so fat , she `s got smaller fat women orbiting around her .	2	Third person Singular
i did n't want you to go .	0	First person Singular
I do wear a lot of black .	0	First person Singular
This idealized vision of the Romanov monarchy blinded him to the actual state of his country .	8	Third person Singular
We 're in the process of developing a strategy to take us through the next few months .	0	First person Plural
She is so talented , the flowers were arranged superbly and delicately , it is so obvious to see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to others .	14	Third person Singular
But I found the location wonderful and the neighbors very kind .	1	First person Singular
Someone else I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty .	14	First person Singular
Wish they could see famous Harry Potter now , he thought savagely , as he spread manure on the flower beds , his back aching , sweat running down his face .	1	Third person Plural
We will be targeting to raise at least $ 100,000 so company contributions will range from $ 10,000 - $ 20,000 per person ( $ 10 k minimum per person ) depending on the number of respondents .	0	First person Plural
If the Dursleys wake up , I 'm dead , said Harry as he tied the rope tightly around a bar and Fred revved up the car .	6	First person Singular
I feel great in it .	4	Third person Singular
The reason for advertising the video in Germany is unclear .	8	Third person Singular
This has to do with one of the few buildings in the city center that was spared from destruction by the end of the Second World War .	15	Third person Singular
When I was ten my father already showed me some stuff in mathematics and the beauty and the imagination was quite apparent .	2	Third person Singular
This call has been changed to 3 pm ( Houston time ) which is 5 pm ( Sao Paulo time ) .	2	Third person Singular
Under the release of physical contact , he said to Mweta , I do n't know what we 're talking about , and Mweta said , You ... I told you we expect you back , now .	31	First person Plural
They called and worked with me to fix it so that it would look perfect .	5	First person Singular
One member actually was convicted of beating his teen daughter unconcious when she ran away from ' marriage ' to her father 's own brother .	12	Third person Singular
NASA intends upon retiring the space shuttles in 2010 , which only leaves it with 18 flights towards the ISS .	12	Third person Singular
about our lifestyle ...	1	First person Plural
The answer is obvious , is n't it ?	5	Third person Singular
Two or three times I consider whether to mention to him a letter I sent Le Monde during the 1973 war about the position being taken by France .	13	First person Singular
It is a bustling place where separate parties are seated at the same table ( as in many European cafes ) , but if you are OK with that , the food is very good .	32	Third person Singular
The gall of it all is that Bush is stumping for more money to build more refineries , when what he should do is pour money into making the US independent of OPEC or crude oil all together .	20	Third person Singular
They will make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent themselves .	9	Third person Plural
Dr. Fortier , an orthodontist , learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of Baffin Island in July 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall .	35	Third person Singular
Emma is fine , too - very well !!	1	Third person Singular
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID .	10	First person Plural
He felt himself the middle-aged relative , a man of vague repute come from afar to the wedding and drawn helplessly and not unenjoyably into everything .	2	Third person Singular
My parents did n't send for my birth certificate until I was 16 and needed it for summer employment .	11	Third person Singular
Signs of this can be hard to spot , and if this is true in her case she will definitely need to see a vet .	17	Third person Singular
" Wait , wait , is this 50 questions ? " asked Bush .	5	Third person Singular
But if you want to murder by suicide , you do not have to board a plane in order to explode yourself and kill many people .	21	Second person Singular
Phailin 's winds will rapidly weaken as it pushes inland .	7	Third person Singular
He was the only man of us who still followed the sea .	6	First person Plural
Originally from Slovenia , he served as the Director of Media and Communications of a WTA Tour event and was a member of the UNESCO Slovenian National Commission .	4	Third person Singular
This is a " test email send " of the WPO Forum Group from Richard Everett .	1	Third person Singular
17th , like over by 16th and 15th YES , I say , one mile west of you .	10	First person Singular
We had frosts in October so I would n't advise visiting late in the year to be honest , Spring time is your best bet .	6	First person Singular
Sunlight streaming in through a high window opposite her lit up the fine hairs on her arm , the embroidered flowers on the collar of her white shirt .	25	Third person Singular
Touching deep into the idea is what builds intuition - it is a synthetic process .	5	Third person Singular
We really enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay at the Vintage Hostel again .	0	First person Plural
One of the pictures shows a flag that was found in Fallujah .	4	Third person Singular
If anyone is interested in listening to this song , and in offering their opinion , whether it be positive or negative , I 'd appreciate it .	23	First person Singular
" I hope that industry , if put to the test , can do better [ than the government ] , but I do not expect it , " Griffin added .	1	First person Singular
I go every other week for the shallac / gel manicure which is only $ 25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks !	19	Third person Singular
A replay of the Cold War would cause immense damage to both Russia and Europe , and most of all to Ukraine , which is situated between them .	24	Third person Singular
I have not had the patience to get it working - I will call you some evening and we can walk thru it .	22	Third person Singular
following up on our discussion yesterday ; for these types of deals , i do nt think it s necessary to have all the documentation of our counterparty 's authorization to enter into the agreement .	26	First person Plural
I do n't know about the playstation situation but I do know that Microsoft has said they do n't see the Xbox 360 as being even halfway through its lifetime .	16	Third person Plural
I was saddened to see the reviews that claimed World Hats Mart has poor service .	12	Third person Singular
It was now , 8:15 and there was no sign of her bus .	11	Third person Singular
If we choose to do something on J-Lo , it ’s going to be something like that , something less obvious .	9	Third person Singular
Regarding how long the beverage will be made available , Stan remarked to The Brooklyn Paper , " We 'll keep it around until he ’s irrelevant . I hope he ’s there the whole way " .	31	Third person Singular
the best way to control these pests is to pick them off the plants by hand .	7	Third person Singular
They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they " do as they wilt . "	17	Third person Plural
But , when I suggest that she get Frank to model for her , she laughs .	15	Third person Singular
Bray felt he must be somewhere about ; it was difficult to imagine this time without him .	9	First person Singular
A kibbutznik seaman , he has just returned from a voyage .	5	Third person Singular
A major part of Wales , as you know , has been granted Objective 1 status under the Structural Funds programme .	10	Third person Singular
This data is saved to a file named .xml .	2	Third person Singular
Our server was quite attentive and the food was fantastic .	2	Third person Singular
" The effects of iodine deficiency are dependent upon how severe it is and when it occurs .	12	Third person Singular
It does seem that Iranians frequently make statements and then hide behind lack of proof .	0	Third person Singular
Their hell is a personal dissatisfaction with themselves if they are mediocre . "	9	Third person Plural
Will USB cell phone chargers still charge even if they 're hooked up to a computer that is turned off ?	17	Third person Singular
for the past few days she has been shivering and wo nt eat but she could walk now her hid legs are not working but she is back to her self .. what should i do .?	29	Third person Singular
put the heater on the snake he will love it and the the next day you will have dinner	9	Third person Singular
He is delighted to be here , and he is suffering the one activates the other .	1	Third person Singular
I explained to him what I wanted and that I previously went to Braman Honda .	3	Third person Singular
He won a case against the Greek railways several years ago and he is owed several thousand pounds by them .	12	Third person Singular
Various local fan organizations were there in a charitable capacity , and thousands of fans donned costumes , many of which they themselves created .	22	Third person Plural
It was the fault of the parts supplier , and can we imagine how he felt having to put another 2 hours of work in the car .	14	Third person Singular
Davis was the settler M.P. who had been responsible , at one stage , for getting Mweta banished to the far Western Province .	1	First person Singular
It took my tired head a long time to sort that out .	0	Third person Singular
It is def worth more than the price .	1	Third person Singular
They are hoping Corp will foot the bill for a pilot which will allow them to fully test this tool before implementing it company - wide .	14	Third person Plural
As it stands , MKM and I will probably bring it up with Sommer in OK City and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers .	10	Third person Singular
oh god is there an agenda .	2	Third person Singular
4 . In Section 6.2.1 I 'll just note that the discount rate sentence I think is still an open issue .	16	Third person Singular
The difference is when the cat hisses , that means they are annoyed and they want the other cat to go away .	10	Third person Plural
He got the pictures back to me quickly .	6	First person Singular
The McCutchan Art Center / Pace Galleries at USI bases its exhibit around roughly 100 Polaroids selected from its collection .	18	Third person Singular
Before and during his career as a writer , he attempted to be a publisher , printer , businessman , critic , and politician ;	9	Third person Singular
It does n’t matter .	1	Third person Singular
The original people of the islands are the Moriori , who were descended from the Maori of mainland New Zealand , but who developed their own culture and variant of the language .	24	Third person Plural
" The book -- I guess one way , one thing to think about it is -- one of the themes would be , I was given a charge to keep .	15	Third person Singular
Yes , I see what you 're getting at .	2	First person Singular
As early as 1926 , Meyer had written to Irène Joliot - Curie suggesting that Rona work with her to learn how his laboratory could make their own polonium samples .	26	Third person Plural
Bloch is concerned to establish hope as the guiding principle of his Marxism and stresses the implied humanism inherent in mystical tradition .	11	Third person Singular
Ok , calm down , it 's not like he 's some stranger that came up and groped me lol .	9	Third person Singular
If anyone has it handy , it could speed things up for me .	3	Third person Singular
I am not going to go pick up a horse I ca n't afford .	1	First person Singular
Chahine said her immediate family spent about $ 20,000 to return to Detroit via Syria and Jordan .	2	Third person Singular
Amusing , since he 's a writer and a thoughtful man , anything but a tout .	4	Third person Singular
There was an official pennant on the Volkswagen .	1	First person Singular
" Well , " says the boy , " because it would n't be an accident , and it certainly would n't be a great loss ! "	10	Third person Singular
He followed this effort by starting ( but never finishing ) three novels :	0	Third person Singular
They could not find any cafes or food shops that provided Halal prepared foods .	0	Third person Plural
Michelangelo made the marble one but why did he do another if Donatello had already made one ?	8	Third person Singular
This is , after all , his business , and if he wants you to remain a customer why on earth is he doing shoddy work ?	11	Third person Singular
I have a 3 week old baby budgie and I noticed that his / her mother does not stay with him in the nest at night .	16	Third person Singular
My perspective is entirely based on what I see , on what I read and on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years .	2	Third person Singular
He was the person , he and his wife Jan , introduced -- reintroduced me and Laura in his backyard in July of 1977 .	5	Third person Singular
That makes sense because the viability of infrastructure investments obviously depends on competitive revenue-raising services and competitive services clearly need quality infrastructure .	10	Third person Singular
' Oh , he will go far , very far , ' he began again .	3	Third person Singular
BUT they stated that they will take as long as it takes to work out all the bugs so who really know how long .	1	Third person Plural
There was no ceiling and he looked up into the pattern of a spider 's web made by the supporting beams of the roof .	1	First person Singular
my female chameleon just laid eggs yesterday and today some of the eggs are soft when i mean soft i mean like not like ordinary chameleon eggs .	19	First person Singular
Most people choose cars , but if headed to a central area , such as Main Street , it is best to drive there , park in a municipal parking lot , and walk around from there .	19	Third person Singular
I believe the Commission has done a very good job in many cases .	4	Third person Singular
Perhaps they do n't deliver anymore , but the deliciousness of a mezza luna certainly warrants a pickup .	1	Third person Plural
of course , it 's very hard to convict anyone because no Muggle would admit their key keeps shrinking – they 'll insist they just keep losing it .	17	Third person Singular
Hmmm , she says , Then why are you calling here , we do n't go past broad ?	12	First person Plural
Peggy Banczak is the ENA lawyer who handles Mexico .	7	Third person Singular
The radar system for which Alvarez is best known and which has played a major role in aviation , most particularly in the post war Berlin airlift , was Ground Controlled Approach ( GCA ) .	6	Third person Singular
" The ISO staff sat in a meeting with the governor 's key energy advisers with poker faces , not saying a word about something that was going on at the exact same moment , '' Maviglio said .	26	Third person Singular
The outfit he had chosen , khaki pants and a blue button-down shirt -- no tie -- lay neatly folded on the bed .	2	Third person Singular
If you are moving the line away from the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows larger .	18	Third person Singular
The man told him that a war between the two universes is coming , as he and Walter had predicted ; it is for this reason that Olivia , among others , was trained as a child .	22	Third person Singular
When she goes to the zoo the elephants throw her peanuts .	2	Third person Singular
They track poop everywhere ( most disgustingly my bed .... ) , and am constantly trying to climb up everything , including my bare legs !	0	Third person Plural
I learned that morcillas are basically impossible to find all across the North American region .	0	First person Singular
+ As the implications of the Andaman Islands situation sink in , Indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny .	14	Third person Singular
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch .	6	First person Plural
Canadian student visa , can I used for other schools ?	5	First person Singular
right now , your male is fighting off an intruder , and he feels that all of the house is his .	12	Third person Singular
A sacrococcygeal teratoma is a tumour that develops before birth and grows from a baby 's tailbone .	7	Third person Singular
It is always interesting what spin the press will take .	0	Third person Singular
Dando glowered pettishly over his third or fourth gin and ginger beer .	4	Third person Singular
In 1816 Balzac entered the Sorbonne , where he studied under three famous professors .	8	Third person Singular
From all reports that I have seen , the government was well prepared for this cyclone .	10	Third person Singular
Rest was too oily .	1	Third person Singular
It pleased him to watch it leave his mouth in gusts , disperse , and take on new definition as the light caught it .	2	Third person Singular
Never checked back with us once we got our food .	4	First person Plural
If someone asks you why you pushed all the buttons , you can honestly say , " It was just a joke ! "	18	Third person Singular
She talked about ' weaning those ignorant millions from their horrid ways ' , till , upon my word , she made me quite uncomfortable .	22	First person Singular
Had to go the the bus boy s station ourselves to get napkins .	9	First person Plural
I am no fanatical defender of profits for pharmaceutical industry multinationals .	0	First person Singular
[ This killing of a respected cleric will be causing us trouble for years to come . ]	10	First person Plural
But it has outlived its usefulness , and Microsoft no longer wants to support it .	1	Third person Singular
" If Donald Trump becomes president , the government here will still have to work with him to advance whatever shared agenda there is , to ensure that Canadian businesses and interests are represented in Washington . "	23	Third person Singular
I came here looking for Paul Auster , the private detective .	0	First person Singular
The hit song is " Geronimo " by Sheppard .	3	Third person Singular
Parts department blows , Service department is even worse .	6	Third person Singular
Both countries have put their militaries on high levels of alert .	4	Third person Plural
it is in karol bagh .	1	Third person Singular
I know it seems like a stretch , but the market for hourly traders is very strong right now .	0	First person Singular
I have attempted to incorporate the changes that Jim has incorporated in our long form power agreement which ENA has suggested to date into the short form .	12	First person Plural
He paused .	0	Third person Singular
They bake bread fresh daily , they do n't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it , and the meat is always fresh .	6	Third person Plural
But , we had a great laid back day last Saturday and I think have hit that comfortable stage ... you know , not quite so formal about dates etc .	2	First person Plural
The problem is that these factors are not amenable to isolated public - health interventions .	2	Third person Singular
" Pop art was about what popular American culture really thought was important " , Kathryn Waters said .	11	Third person Singular
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	0	First person Singular
It serves as a reminder of the work that needs to be completed for the cross-linguistic study of SI in particular and acquisition more generally .	1	Third person Singular
Europe , more than any other region , is the key .	8	Third person Singular
i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland , would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall ?	7	First person Singular
Tasmania was excluded from the study - where an voluntary iodine fortification program using iodised salt in bread , is ongoing .	19	Third person Singular
Wandering among the tombs till I began to think myself one of the possessed with devils . "	9	First person Singular
If the Israelis and the Palestinian leadership can not find a way to reinvigorate the peace process , cells of radical young Palestinians may grow up that look to bin Laden for their cues .	32	Third person Plural
She has also been charged with trying to kill her two - year - old daughter .	0	Third person Singular
I will put this on our calendars .	5	First person Plural
Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto - Leite or me with any questions or comments .	12	First person Singular
With beneficent Jupiter in your sign , this is definitely your year , especially where your social life is concerned .	8	Third person Singular
We 'll leave that to the professionals .	0	First person Plural
So I ordered a slice .	1	First person Singular
( 16 ) Priority should be given to alternative courses of action such as self-regulation by the industry where such action is likely to deliver the policy objectives faster or in a less costly manner than mandatory requirements .	21	Third person Singular
Now , none of this has been confirmed by Google at the present time , but it 's an old adage that you follow the money to see who is behind something .	5	Third person Singular
Mrs Weasley had shouted herself hoarse before she turned on Harry , who backed away .	4	Third person Singular
A suit against the New York Times and columnist Nicholas Kristof was dismissed in late November 2004 .	11	Third person Singular
There was certainly more despair in Saddam 's Iraq than in Paul Bremmer 's Iraq , and no one exploded himself .	20	Third person Singular
It is all very unique and you wo nt find any other baby wearing the same stuff .	0	Third person Singular
Drop by my house , I can get you some real cheap .	5	First person Singular
No , it was n't .	2	Third person Singular
I told Paul that you called him yesterday so abruptly because you did n't want to waste his time while you got tests done for arthritis .	0	First person Singular
He also stated that just everyone 's just acting in their own self - interest , responding to the screwed incentives embedded in the structure .	10	Third person Plural
They kill people .	0	Third person Plural
Keep Bobby , his team members and their families in your prayers .	7	Third person Plural
Subsequently , the programme took off and the budget allocation was completely committed in 2003 and 2004 .	10	Third person Singular
Who is he ? "	2	Third person Singular
Some may not know exactly what Stardust or Stardust @ home is .	11	Third person Singular
It was dark under the bleachers .	1	Third person Singular
his clinic is very very dirty he is a real disaster to go totally not organized for every step he take .	6	Third person Singular
by going away from the standard isda maybe we can eliminate these requirements because the payout liability is only 1 - way .	8	First person Plural
Remember : throughout the book Don Quixote is preoccupied by the question of posterity .	7	Third person Singular
Try their weekend " tastings " which you can learn about by getting on their weekly email list .	14	Third person Plural
Have patience with him , you just got him and who knows how he was treated before you brought him home .	8	Third person Singular
He also inspected my entie roof to see if there was anything else that needed attention .	3	First person Singular
I ran into Corey last night at LW s and I am thinking this is a girl for Darren .	0	First person Singular
Our long term goal is to produce practical instructions on almost every topic in every language .	0	First person Plural
You may regard my views as those of the proverbial taxi driver , which you are supposed to question , when you visit a country .	3	First person Singular
Harry ran up the hall into the kitchen and felt his stomach disappear .	10	Third person Singular
It is recommend that you use short words since they are commonly used .	0	Third person Singular
This enables you to seal the containers quickly after filling .	1	Third person Singular
Do not live here , you will regret it !	8	Third person Singular
He 's ancient .	1	Third person Singular
The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral , this tradition started after the civil war .	19	Third person Singular
With a smirk on her face she told me NO MONEY IS BEING RETURNED and THAT IS THE WAY IT WAS .	19	Third person Singular
Josh Kindig , he 's coming on board , he has some ideas for that too , he wants to take over " aywv " and do more gaming news .	10	Third person Singular
At the baggage carousel I see my youthful Hasid again and we take a final look at each other .	4	First person Singular
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I am determined to prove to the Admissions committment that I can do the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business .	23	First person Singular
( 3 ) The family is the natural and fundamental group unit of society and is entitled to protection by society and the State .	5	Third person Singular
He took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of his shoes ??	2	Third person Singular
I was told that americans automatically get a six months visitor s visa .	0	First person Singular
As an islander , however , I would like to express my dissatisfaction at the lack of recognition of island development .	6	First person Singular
I am thinking here , amongst other things , of issues such as the law on abortion .	0	First person Singular
That ’s why we are on the 10th floor to make sure they die when they get kicked out .	1	Third person Singular
I remember going into Hollywood Magic and wanting that big red box with the dragons on it and I did n't even know what it did .	18	First person Singular
Al Qaeda 's regional operative , Hambali , who was at a key January 2000 meeting and supervised Sufaat , has been captured .	9	Third person Singular
Dando pulled ticks off the dog 's neck and burst them under his shoe while he drank and dealt out judgements .	12	Third person Singular
I did n't think I 'd be awarded one , but I received the Dux Litterarum award at high school , so my chances were probably better than I thought they were .	30	Third person Plural
Basil is easy to grow , and transforms ordinary meals into culinary treasures !	1	Third person Singular
This school is the worst one i 've ever been to .	6	First person Singular
This store is what Colorado is all about .	2	Third person Singular
Wikinews interviewed him for May 's Interview of the Month ( IOTM ) on May 18 , 2006 .	2	Third person Singular
I am checking on London .	0	First person Singular
He achieved some fame as an architect by redesigning the City Hall in New York for the First Congress of the United States ( See : Federal Hall ) .	0	Third person Singular
They tried to run my credit score as less as possible so it wo n't hurt my score .	4	First person Singular
“ Renata , ” my mother says .	6	Third person Singular
Once in a fever I heard thousands of birds outside my window and I was terrified that they would fling themselves through the glass and attack me , but it was only the rain on the eaves .	4	First person Singular
they were unimpressed .	0	Third person Plural
Competing with the Hungarian composer Franz Liszt , Balzac visited her in St. Petersburg in 1843 and impressed himself on her heart .	18	Third person Singular
It also gives the house a lovely smell , and is not toxic , unlike many synthetic chemical treatments .	0	Third person Singular
12 . Remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in Section 6.1 .	8	Third person Singular
1 . I found the title to the 4 wheeler and I was going to change it over to you name .	16	Third person Singular
Everyone was so friendly and really went out of their way to make sure everything went well .	9	Third person Plural
What do I do ?	2	First person Singular
" Nobody thinks that there will be a lot of oil and gas in this part of the world , " he said .	21	Third person Singular
Also , he loves teaching so much , his price is unbeatable , but that does not change his level of skill .	18	Third person Singular
IMPLICATION -- It seems prudent for Enron to understand better its risks of getting fingered .	2	Third person Singular
In January 2011 , Blunt began filming an American science - fiction film , Looper , directed by Rian Johnson and co-starring Bruce Willis and Joseph Gordon - Levitt ; the film was released in September 2012 .	32	Third person Singular
Then he went to help Fred and George heave his trunk up the stairs .	1	Third person Singular
The mind becomes strong and sharp .	2	Third person Singular
Do n't judge a book by its cover	6	Third person Singular
She answers all questions asked and provides the best service i have ever seen .	0	Third person Singular
also make sure you print this out NOW , so you can get the information off of it , as you will need it .	23	Third person Singular
When taking on ballet , it is important to stretch daily for at least 15 - 30 minutes , to give the muscles ample opportunity to warm up , reducing the risk of injury .	5	Third person Singular
The inscription on it was fading away , so I should set it down here as it was then , and ask my readers to ponder it :	22	First person Singular
But like i said nothing ever came of It .. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up ..	13	First person Singular
She gestured and laughed , but her husband was eager to break in , holding up his hands over the plate balanced on his knees .	0	Third person Singular
it is incredible , he said , and walked off .	4	Third person Singular
" What do I need English for ?	3	First person Singular
However , having driven with you on several occasions I feel confident you will be able to pass the test with flying colors .	9	First person Singular
As far as the call with Uncle Ben goes , if he was thrilled to hear from me I could n't tell by his voice .	11	Third person Singular
I will be going to Del Frisco 's in late November for dinner and I was wondering what the dress code is for a female .	0	First person Singular
Do n't waste time , just drive 10 minutes more down to Stevens Creek , they actually do try to help their customers there !	15	Third person Plural
When these same leaders make other statements , the Western media report them as if they could be true .	15	Third person Plural
Sometimes even gives wrong dish .	2	Third person Singular
On the other hand , he could very easily just call me and say hey I 'm busy right now , I 'll call you when I can come out .	11	First person Singular
It is the best university in Virginia and continuously receives rave reviews every year .	9	Third person Singular
One major goal in recent decades has been to shift representation at the IMF somewhat away from Europe and toward the world 's emerging markets .	6	Third person Singular
I just wanted to send you a quick note to let you know that I 'm out ta here !	14	First person Singular
Just to let you all know Matt has confirmed the booking for 3rd Dec i s OK .	7	Third person Singular
That girl 's mother sounds like a real problem .	4	Third person Singular
YES I am sure , well , she says , is that ON 17th STREET .	2	First person Singular
WHY : Today is John 's last day at EBS .	3	Third person Singular
I do n't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it 's getting to be an issue .	15	Third person Singular
The dude who grills the retarded dogs is rude .	3	Third person Singular
If you own a Retail Store or are a Professional Vendor who exhibits at Sport , Hunting , or Craft Shows and are interested in selling our products , please give us a call !	31	First person Plural
After the death of his mother in 1846 and his father in 1848 , he sailed west , arriving in San Francisco possibly in November 1849 .	4	Third person Singular
I sat generally on the floor , while , of faultless appearance ( and even slightly scented ) , perching on a high stool , he wrote , he wrote .	25	Third person Singular
I 'm sure it s not every day that a funeral director sees the same family in such a short time .	4	Third person Singular
The reality is that IP protection is an economic engine that developing - country citizens should not have to forego .	6	Third person Singular
He does n't just take pictures he makes art out of them and you wo n't even notice that there 's a camera there .	11	Third person Plural
Well , perhaps I am , then .	4	First person Singular
In his left hand he held a red object that Quinn could not identify .	4	Third person Singular
But my wife and I first went there thinking it would be Brazilian food ( think lots of meat ) , but it turned out to be a vegan restaurant !	1	First person Singular
would it help getting an aquarium cage or a plastic see through box so it ca nt escape i can buy it a wheel	14	Third person Singular
They picked my car up in Yarmouth and towed to Bath for a great price .	2	First person Singular
you 'll love it	3	Third person Singular
I went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000 etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info it s greatly appreciated .	16	Third person Singular
I was amazed and really excited .	1	Third person Singular
Education during the Renaissance was mainly composed of ancient literature and history as it was thought that the classics provided moral instruction and an intensive understanding of human behavior .	14	Third person Singular
it is difficult to detect the benefits of this innovation in GDP statistics .	1	Third person Singular
He had told me that he found indescribable delight in reading dictionaries for lack of other books .	5	Third person Singular
Regarding how long the beverage will be made available , Stan remarked to The Brooklyn Paper , " We 'll keep it around until he ’s irrelevant . I hope he ’s there the whole way " .	25	Third person Singular
The sushi is great , and they have a great selection .	2	Third person Singular
And the Moldovan airline used to transport the shipment was blasted by the UN in 2003 for smuggling arms to Liberia , human rights group Amnesty has discovered .	26	Third person Singular
Hopefully they will work for you .	1	Third person Plural
Messages will not be delivered simultaneously to all users in the same domain , nor will they be delivered for two to five hours after they are sent by the message administrator .	16	Third person Plural
It has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time , the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .	21	Third person Singular
fill it with water :) lol	1	Third person Singular
I had been a patient of Dr. Olbina for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on crowns etc .	0	First person Singular
We were very happy how clean looked our windows .	0	First person Plural
That is Flat Top Grill	1	Third person Singular
By the time you get to be a writer for The Onion , though , the odds are you are going to succeed because we make it pretty challenging .	26	Third person Singular
i have tried EVERYTHING i can to get him to eat but he refuses .	0	First person Singular
Probably it is .	2	Third person Singular
Well if you are interested , I suggest you have a look at General Fiasco , Two Door Cinema Club and Wallis Bird .	6	First person Singular
Lucky I had a spare with me !	6	First person Singular
We are smiling , both of us .	0	First person Plural
The delicacy of the light also affects me .	6	Third person Singular
I did this at age 13 in Champagne , France and it was the most amazing experice of my upbringing .	18	First person Singular
Where he sat was the first place – the rest were nowhere .	3	First person Singular
His mother was also killed in the attack .	2	Third person Singular
She starred in the 2012 film The Five - Year Engagement , directed by Nicholas Stoller and co-starring Jason Segel .	0	Third person Singular
Sailing with the Roosevelt is the Tarawa Expeditionary Strike Force , which includes the USS Tarawa , the USS Austin , and the USS Pearl Harbor .	4	Third person Singular
The first ( n = 31 ) participated in the intervention , the control group ( n = 40 ) was only evaluated using the test before and after the same time interval of interventions .	20	Third person Singular
Of course Bush would have tried to stop 9/11 if he had known it was coming .	14	Third person Singular
S&S has again asked about the gtee and l/c wording .	1	Third person Singular
China is furious that Japan has outbid it in their battle to determine the route of the pipeline that Russia intends to build to the Far East .	1	Third person Singular
If anyone is interested in listening to this song , and in offering their opinion , whether it be positive or negative , I 'd appreciate it .	2	Third person Singular
" Because when they bring my chicken dinner this kid with the beard will be in a state , " I explain .	20	First person Singular
I like to imagine the thought processes going on in W 's head if he were to actually read the letter , but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter .	0	First person Singular
A day after , we counted how many spores were still alive .	4	First person Plural
Should I be concerned ?	1	First person Singular
then I think I just kind of stopped smiling and just kind of sat there looking at the dates .	1	First person Singular
Where coordinating tax policy is concerned , the main objective is to limit manoeuvring and distortions on the capital markets .	10	Third person Singular
I also wish I 'd applied for a scholarship .	0	First person Singular
He loves to flirt with her when Cyprian 's not looking , but get her doing her marvellous wriggle on the floor and he just stands there like Andrew , dragging his feet .	14	Third person Singular
My experience was amazing at Providence Aesthetics and Medical Spa .	2	Third person Singular
The Beatles of the times of the " Cavern " sounded exactly as poorly as Oasis and the little musical quality in the songs of the Beatles is due to George Martin .	27	Third person Singular
I 've tried bland white rice but he wo nt eat anything .	7	Third person Singular
When we walked in , the person behind desk said : " oh well , you must wait , I am in the middle of something . "	19	First person Singular
We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying , " was I got ta have it ! "	32	First person Singular
I 'll admit I was n't expecting much from this place , but they really did do a good job .	13	Third person Plural
as to what the light provides it gives UV rays .. which is important for health in lizards as it is in humans .	19	Third person Singular
Why do n't we meet in Diagon Alley ?	3	First person Plural
why do nt you get some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does something right .	13	Third person Singular
They are invoicing for this and I do n't have an invoice for it .	0	Third person Plural
The moment the door had closed , Mr Borgin dropped his oily manner .	10	Third person Singular
Auster was somewhat reticent about it , but at last he conceded that he was working on a book of essays . The current piece was about Don Quixote .	13	Third person Singular
lol They where super friendly towards us and treated us like people not walking bags of cash .	9	First person Plural
Best jiu - jitsu mma in Santa Rosa and i have the experience and belt to back it up !	9	First person Singular
I want my money back !	0	First person Singular
In 1902 that Coron was registered as a town and the name of the town was officially changed from Penon de Coron to Coron .	15	Third person Singular
Everybody seems to flee this country and move overseas , to Australia , etc .	1	Third person Singular
I am half way through the first and you can borrow it when I am through .	14	First person Singular
In the mean time , we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future costs .	15	First person Plural
Declares himself emperor	0	Third person Singular
It does n't have to be underground it could be any type of music .	7	Third person Singular
I congratulate him on his excellent report .	0	First person Singular
At least one expert believes China 's intentions might include a surprise attempt to circle the moon with astronauts before NASA 's planned lunar return .	4	Third person Singular
We get over 14 million unique visitors per month ( source : Google Analytics ) , which makes us the 135th most popular site according to Quantcast .	0	First person Plural
You mean , how did we manage to make it all happen so quickly , right ? :)	5	First person Plural
I experienced a Definite Decrease in food craving ( about 50 % ) and decrease in stress after the 1st treatment .	0	First person Singular
Thought since I will be in Houston , stop by your office for few minutes .	2	First person Singular
If you need more , there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts ( we heard about it in Amsterdam ) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets .	6	Third person Singular
Driving into the city centre itself is something to avoid .	5	Third person Singular
Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41 .	13	Third person Singular
If this is a solo jump , which constitutes the minority of skydivers , your only recourse is to ensure that at least one of your own chutes opens .	2	Third person Singular
he 's just a tiny baby , about the width of a pencil .	1	Third person Singular
Not to mention the fact that they gave us our cats back not even 30 minutes after they were out from surgery .	6	Third person Plural
I know that if my garage door needs to be repaired , I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors	12	First person Singular
Under the Unitary Executive Theory , the Laws of Congress and Decisions of the Supreme Court have no actual authority unless the President agrees with them .	25	Third person Plural
Zacarias Moussaoui , never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable , has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants " anthrax for Jew sympathizer only . "	30	Third person Singular
Then , also , he 's got so much stuff in there right now , that I do n't know how he 's going to fit baby stuff .	21	Third person Singular
I know that Jeff is in Portland .	0	First person Singular
Dr. Fortier , an orthodontist , learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of Baffin Island in July 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall .	8	Third person Singular
His church is venerable rich and beautiful .	0	Third person Singular
I 'm assuming they are completely out of business since I ca n't find any contact information .	0	First person Singular
NASA has some PR hurdles to overcome in the future .	1	Third person Singular
" Would n't it be the most horrible of ironies if the Jews had collected themselves conveniently in one country for a second Holocaust ? "	15	Third person Plural
Before using FusionRetail Before installing FusionRetail store was running on a dos based software .	7	Third person Singular
This is one of the worst places I have stayed , we cut out stay short and went to the Mulberry .	7	First person Singular
ReportML is a " language " developed by Microsoft and specific to Access which can be used to describe Access database objects in XML .	1	Third person Singular
The Director , satisfied the anchor had good hold , made his way aft and sat down amongst us .	11	Third person Singular
and she was always really shy to show that off to people , and I wanted to help her show that stuff , and I wanted to bring it out to the world .	1	Third person Singular
At the same time , he knew it was all an illusion .	5	Third person Singular
Given that financial institutions had been attracting the best and brightest from around the world , one would have expected nothing less .	16	Third person Singular
Keep in mind though that if you end up failing I will not let you forget it ( and , as we have established , I have the memory of an elephant ) .	16	Third person Singular
Price and taste is good .	3	Third person Singular
My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly completed .	23	Third person Singular
Sierra was my stylist and i love what she did .	8	Third person Singular
Paris claims that she was kept at Flag Land Base in Clearwater , Florida until she was eighteen and then transferred to the Freewinds .	1	Third person Singular
Thought you 'd like to know that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the Compaq Center ... it 's all about you and your needs .	31	Third person Singular
Dynamite has just been thrown in London ;	1	Third person Singular
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one .	11	First person Plural
This place is clean and well run with great people .	2	Third person Singular
I 'm assuming they are completely out of business since I ca n't find any contact information .	3	Third person Plural
What I want to do with the animals requires new material preserved in diverse ways , but it does n't require me to be there .	18	Third person Singular
And my -- no , I still do n't remember what I had .	5	First person Singular
The first part is called Legato and the second part was called Staccato .	10	Third person Singular
Arial photos of the lab were uranium is being enriched , somewhat like those of chemical weapons stockpiles in Iraq .	7	Third person Singular
" There will be protests and other things , it 's all already planned , " the opposition told El Mundo .	10	Third person Singular
I want to know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a report , not a legislative proposal , and whether that is something I can competently do on Thursday .	0	First person Singular
But like i said nothing ever came of It .. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up ..	16	Third person Singular
they seemed more interested in helping me find the right car rather then just make a sale .	0	Third person Plural
Evidently , this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now .	8	Third person Singular
Anyway they jimmy rigged it so i could drive it home .	9	Third person Singular
One resident of New Orleans said escaping from the storm was " hell " .	10	Third person Singular
It 's a good starting point .	1	Third person Singular
Santorum the person has been in the news throughout the primary season , and we thought it would be interesting to try to create a delicious drink that mimicked the appearance of the Dan Savage meaning of " santorum . "	16	Third person Singular
I would n't have mentioned the fellow to you at all , only it was from his lips that I first heard the name of the man who is so indissolubly connected with the memories of that time .	19	First person Singular
The difference in the results obtained from the application of D2 Test of attention before and after was statistically significant ( p < 0.05 ) ,	17	Third person Singular
Groom was Republican Red Blount 's scheduler , and in that job , she was the hub in the campaign wheel .	13	Third person Singular
I my self am one but appreciate that the organization is unlikely to make into the 22nd century .	10	Third person Singular
Fedayeen are now visible on the street and they have become bolder than ever .	8	Third person Plural
Your teacher knows what goes on in your community and wants to keep her job .	10	Third person Singular
The least we can do is pass this news along .	2	First person Plural
On the issue of the contracts , the draft says that the $ 170 m is paid when the EPC contract is signed .	21	Third person Singular
It does n't sound like he can receive visitors yet .	1	Third person Singular
The doctor has an injection gun and while my mother is focused on my daughter , she puts it firmly against my mother ’s arm and puts the chip in .	17	Third person Singular
" Prompted I think by the Tom Cruise video , a new obsession is taking hold on the internet . An insurgency against The Church of Scientology . " Anonymous blogger , " Anon declares war on Church of Scientology "	2	First person Singular
he is feisty , as most king snakes are , but he is a very nice little guy - he never tries to bite or anything .	21	Third person Singular
wow , the representative went way above and beyond in helping me with my account set up .	11	First person Singular
Indeed , they do n't understand what kind of good service private schools held " ( ( it ) ) .	2	Third person Plural
But since in my country it lasts for minimum 6 years , and I want to go aground the world , what do you think , should I do it before or after medical school ?	29	Third person Singular
For now , this is the list of countries for which we will probably need the FX and / or inflation curves .	4	Third person Singular
Timothy Odara 's eyes were closed ; leaning against the wall he kept his lips drawn back slightly , alert .	11	Third person Singular
Argentina and Venezuela have run out of heterodox policy tricks .	3	First person Singular
The game is at 12 : Sat @ Compaq Center .	2	Third person Singular
He was three times seriously wounded .	1	First person Singular
The Director of Companies was our captain and our host .	4	First person Singular
If you know someone who might fit the bill ask them to contact me and / or send me their resume .	13	First person Singular
They spent a lot of time with me and got me into a great pair of shoes .	0	Third person Plural
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines ( physical and financial ) for the London traders .	2	Third person Singular
That is a Category 3 storm .	1	Third person Singular
And we 'll get around to that .	1	First person Plural
I would n't go there again .	0	First person Singular
My first three children were born in Southern Ontario cities .	0	First person Singular
( 3 ) Everyone who works has the right to just and favourable remuneration ensuring for himself and his family an existence worthy of human dignity , and supplemented , if necessary , by other means of social protection .	6	Third person Singular
So I think the first question is , what is this all about , why should we even be debating NATO , is there any reason why it should exist ?	6	Third person Singular
As he emerged from the subway and entered the great hall , he saw by the clock that it was just past four .	12	Third person Singular
I fancy I see it now , but I am not sure – not at all .	0	First person Singular
I remain convinced that if we can just get the facts in front of people they will modulate their approach .	0	First person Singular
It is also far more than what any administration in New Delhi can deliver .	0	Third person Singular
When Millican died , we assumed that was the last we ’d see of glitchy , twitchy Odi too .	10	First person Plural
This is legislation requiring a unanimous vote in the Council , which is usually a guarantee of inaction .	1	Third person Singular
He could also wait until the end of his first term to use a provision in the Paris agreement to pull out of the pact .	0	Third person Singular
I also agree it 's under warranty so get in touch with Canon .	3	Third person Singular
We elected to not do the EPM test because there was NO neurological signs .	0	First person Plural
He is now losing the cheek muscle on the left side of his face and seems to be dropping weight by the day .	15	Third person Singular
And one of our friends , our common friends , he introduced us during study hall , and we just kind of hit it off from there .	23	Third person Singular
When I tried to return it they refused , so I had to leave without a refund and still hungry .	1	First person Singular
It 's not enough to have photography skills .	0	Third person Singular
By this time , extravagant spending and a string of bad investments by her investors had left her nearly broke .	17	Third person Singular
The salatim salads are the smallest plates I 've ever seen placed in front of me ( you would most likely think they were condiments if it were n't explained to you ) .	15	First person Singular
For the most part , that is not a bad thing .	6	Third person Singular
An indignant librarian , a middle-aged woman whose face is so hot it is almost fragrant with indignation , demands of me in a superdistinguished all but Oxonian accent , " How do you account for it ! "	9	Third person Singular
" I do n't know whether they sell them to outsiders . "	6	Third person Plural
An Iraq in which armed fundamentalist and nationalist militias proliferate is inevitably a security worry for Israel .	10	Third person Singular
There still is a very hot pursuit of the " Atta - level " Floridian , Adnan El Shukrijumah , who Siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting .	22	Third person Singular
' What ! Dead ? ' I asked , startled .	6	First person Singular
According to the critic Frank Kermode , " the play - offers neither its good characters nor its audience any relief from its cruelty " .	11	Third person Singular
" Luckily , someone in Sony Australia was like , ' Hey , by the way , did you guys notice this ? ' " says Pall .	7	Third person Singular
Iranian officials say they made no objections to Khan ’s ouster because they want to strengthen Karzai ’s campaign against warlords .	3	Third person Plural
I highly recommend them to all of my friends !!!! !	7	First person Singular
This is a busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant , which also must be wonderful - so just ask for what you need , and I 'm sure they will do their best to be hospitable .	1	Third person Singular
If you want to be sure , it is best to do both .	8	Third person Singular
When he swivels his head to go for it anyway , tell him sharp " UH UH " gently correct him with a small tug and continue your walk .	20	Third person Singular
Someone observes that the Church is a worshiper of success and always follows the majorities .	12	Third person Singular
Wiki Media Foundation , the group behind the Wikipedia online encyclopedia project , said Friday that search giant Google has volunteered to host some of its content on company servers .	19	Third person Singular
On the phone , you could hear his accent .	7	Third person Singular
Hjalmar 's as gentle as a lamb and he has to keep the peace somehow .	8	Third person Singular
In addition to continuing to write , he convened and chaired the first International Meeting on Linguistic Research in Geneva in 1930 , and acted as president of the Fourth International Congress of Linguists in Copenhagen in 1936 .	7	Third person Singular
We are doing quite well .	0	First person Plural
I think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards , but I wonder about the most appropriate timing , enough of a global message and the means of delivery .	3	Third person Singular
I have visited Dr. Cooper 's office twice and I am very impressed with how friendly and polite the staff is .	9	First person Singular
She leered at him , showing mossy teeth .	0	Third person Singular
your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey .	9	Third person Singular
They can smell it so i 'm sure he knows what it is and just do n't want it .	12	Third person Singular
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair ( she only wanted one , however ) .	11	Third person Singular
He 's always like " ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours , I wish I had mine ! " and he is n't even joking .	0	Third person Singular
Once in a fever I heard thousands of birds outside my window and I was terrified that they would fling themselves through the glass and attack me , but it was only the rain on the eaves .	10	First person Singular
He eats all of his grain but it just takes him a while to get it chewed because of the lack of muscle in his jaws .	10	Third person Singular
Perhaps you can give them a personal invitation ...	4	Third person Plural
I was like Ummmm i can see your ass cheeks ... he was like Oops did i forget my Underwear ???	0	First person Singular
I paid 2 k cash for a truck with a blown motor .	0	First person Singular
Mrs Weasley came to a halt in front of them , her hands on her hips , staring from one guilty face to the next .	14	Third person Singular
I was very excited that a salon was opening in Lewiston , as I live in Youngstown .	0	First person Singular
Mark at Tintman Nationwide tints Ltd , did a very Professional job very quick , no fuss , deliverd the car to me and I drove him back home , Great arrangement Great price !!	26	Third person Singular
It was so successful that the military continued to use it for many years after the war , and it was still in use in some countries in the 1980s .	19	Third person Singular
It was now , 8:15 and there was no sign of her bus .	1	Third person Singular
And then in 2010 we just ... I do n't know what happened .	7	First person Singular
It may be easier to play without brooms ( but also less fun ! ) .	0	Third person Singular
" I find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world 's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as " good news , " Gore said .	1	First person Singular
York is known as England 's " City of Festivals " as there are regular cultural festivals every year .	1	Third person Singular
Prices are reasonable , ( Kid s meals are around 4.99 ) and Wednesday's they have discount dinner prices , I believe .	20	First person Singular
It seems like some publications , like AM New York , always have a Britney Spears story ;	1	Third person Singular
I like to imagine that scene in the marketplace at Toledo .	0	First person Singular
They had once been white , he remembered , but now they had turned a curious shade of yellow .	6	Third person Singular
It is a hub for American Airlines and Southwest Airlines .	1	Third person Singular
In addition they will be contacting you to discuss their participation in projects outside their rotation .	14	Third person Plural
Article 13 ( 3 ) of the Pericles Decision provides that the Commission shall send to the European Parliament and the Council , by 30 June 2005 :	9	Third person Singular
I 'm in my 20's and currently studying in France .	0	First person Singular
She was way easy to work with and made my wedding day so easy and she got some amazing pictures , not only of me , but of my family and friends .	24	First person Singular
His delight in killing people became a campaign issue in 2000 when he seemed , in one debate , to enjoy the prospect of executing wrong - doers a little too much .	0	Third person Singular
They also have the best tea I ever had , not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores , I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .	23	First person Singular
Rafferty recorded a new version of his Humblebums song " Her Father Did n't Like Me Anyway " on the album Over My Head ( 1994 ) .	22	First person Singular
He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .	0	Third person Singular
He served as minister of finance after the overthrow of the monarch after the 1958 Iraqi coup d'état for the government of General Abd al-Karim Qasim .	0	Third person Singular
While this is most apparent in the area of your career , you 'll see it showing up in other important aspects of your life .	15	Third person Singular
it s illegal to sell stolen property , even if you do n't know it s stolen .	14	Third person Singular
Quinn guessed her age at around twenty .	2	Third person Singular
If this man was as good a detective as the Stillmans thought he was , perhaps he would be able to help with the case .	13	First person Singular
It 's opened up a new fan base , so to speak .	1	Third person Singular
The Persians call it " Nesf-e-Jahan " , meaning " Half The World " .	3	Third person Singular
What ’s funny to a group of 20-year old college students may be very different from what makes your 70-year old - uncle laugh ( then again , maybe not ) .	1	Third person Singular
Quinn watched them all , anchored to his spot , as if his whole being had been exiled to his eyes .	12	Third person Singular
China 's economy is exploding , hampered only by their great thirst for petroleum and natural gas to fuel their industry .	19	Third person Plural
And if you have n't heard by now , the roster of suspected terrorists has not a Tom , Dick or Harry among them :	14	Third person Singular
As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable , it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .	1	First person Plural
It 's impossible to understand how this place has survived .	1	Third person Singular
Climate is a weekly series by UPI examining the impacts of global climate change .	1	Third person Singular
We took our 7 month old and she laughed and giggled when ( very harshly I might add ) grabbing and ' kissed ' the goats and lambs .	7	Third person Singular
In 1878 James wrote with sadness about the lack of contemporary attention paid to Balzac , and lavished praise on him in four essays ( in 1875 , 1877 , 1902 , and 1913 ) .	20	Third person Singular
The what ? Auster laughed , and in that laugh everything was suddenly blown to bits .	11	First person Singular
American citizens have for decades taken it as a given that our military can overwhelm and overcome any foe on the battlefield .	6	Third person Singular
When you press the button to stop recording the data is moved from the buffer to the memory card - no pause .	10	Third person Singular
Before he had a chance to absorb the woman 's presence , to describe her to himself and form his impressions , she was talking to him , forcing him to respond .	14	Third person Singular
However the CBD is closed of to the public as a lot of it is still rubble and stuff and has n't been cleared away yet .	13	Third person Singular
My mind thinks she has no interest in me and just stringing me along .	8	First person Singular
It 's an adorable little store filled with lots of stationery goodness .	1	Third person Singular
( He is 92 pounds ) He does not listen to any commands , but my major problem is that he will not go outside on command , or even with me .	15	First person Singular
The man told him that a war between the two universes is coming , as he and Walter had predicted ; it is for this reason that Olivia , among others , was trained as a child .	32	Third person Singular
I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .	19	First person Plural
Another report from the cliff made me think suddenly of that ship of war I had seen firing into a continent .	6	First person Singular
I first proposed , in the early 1990 s , that mycelium is Earth 's natural Internet .	0	First person Singular
me and my dad where in NJ for a kc chiefs ( my home team ) vs the NY jets and for game 4 of the world series .	0	First person Singular
He was patient and adapted when everything did n't go according to schedule on my wedding day .	1	Third person Singular
Restaurant on top was renovated , food was decent , price was way to high for Duluth for quality , new decor seems tacky	22	Third person Singular
She feeds well the baby on her own , the baby is ok but she does not go in the nest to stay with him at night ...	15	Third person Singular
... love story and romance and surprises and tragedies and all this but also this structure interested me a lot .	17	First person Singular
We look forward to what the Commission has to say but I would sound a note of warning .	0	First person Plural
He reports that the Iraqi Islamic Party , which had earlier been absolutely committed to getting out the Sunni vote , is now wavering and saying their position will depend on the situation .	1	Third person Singular
If you use this cage it 's best to remove the wire shelves altogether and replace it with hammocks and the like .	6	Third person Singular
it 's no good running to the magistrate if someone needs an ambulance to take him to the next town , for instance ...	1	Third person Singular
Kiara Perkins , a second year USI art major , admitted she was willing to skip class Thursday night to attend the opening exhibit but then circumstances allowed for her to attend the exhibit .	12	Third person Singular
Wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature of California 's market structure makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit .	13	Third person Singular
My boyfriend has one and when she 's hungry she attacks the pinkie right away .	0	First person Singular
She is a pure b**** !!!	1	Third person Singular
I had buried my parents in their gray marble mausoleum at the heart of the city .	6	Third person Plural
We should allocate a piece to Global which would solve the problem of other Cargill people using the line , putting us over the limit , without me knowing ...	27	First person Singular
This ' all options are open ' line has been President George W Bush 's publicly stated policy throughout the past 18 months . "	8	Third person Singular
Tuesday is all about getting out the vote , but it means nothing if a registered voter is n't on the list .	11	Third person Singular
And , she granted , “ you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different — we can do better — and where she has expressed regret . ”	30	Third person Singular
In the following year , 1977 , he received the distinction of the American Friendship Medal for the friendly position of his press toward the USA .	21	Third person Singular
We shall therefore look into it properly to ensure that everything is as it should be .	0	First person Plural
that is the question " .	1	Third person Singular
I personally trust this Midas store with all my vehicles , I have been going there for years & would never go anywhere else !	0	First person Singular
They compensate for this by creating the impression that they have a lot of friends - they have a ' quantity , not quality ' mentality .	16	Third person Plural
Well , I know .	2	First person Singular
He remembered now that Mrs. Stillman had told him to wait there while she went to find her husband .	13	Third person Singular
I flew around like mad to get ready , and before forty-eight hours I was crossing the Channel to show myself to my employers , and sign the contract .	22	First person Singular
The bartender is a douchebag and he has a little console behind the bar where he can delete songs he does n't like , and you end up paying for it .	19	Third person Singular
Buddakan inevitably attracts the majority of its guests simply because of its association with Steven Starr , but that does n't impress me .	2	Third person Singular
It was about two years from when Frank sent me specimens to when we got the paper out .	0	Third person Singular
Unfortunately , a family emergency required me to conquer this fear .	6	First person Singular
The U of R is also recommended , too !	4	Third person Singular
Under our Constitution , this nomination can not take effect unless and until the United States Senate gives its Consent , as described in our Constitution , Article II , Section 2 .	24	First person Plural
Dando pulled ticks off the dog 's neck and burst them under his shoe while he drank and dealt out judgements .	15	Third person Singular
I 'm two years into an undergraduate degree .	0	First person Singular
( 1 ) Everyone has the right freely to participate in the cultural life of the community , to enjoy the arts and to share in scientific advancement and its benefits .	4	Third person Singular
As I mentioned , please let me know when it is ready , and I will send someone to pick it up .	1	First person Singular
He became very cool and collected all at once .	0	Third person Singular
They already are altering their patterns of behavior in response to what is happening .	0	Third person Plural
" At some point , Patricia tripped or the bear tripped her and was at her back .	15	Third person Singular
In the photo on the couch , the pillow she is resting on clashes with everything else in the shot .	10	Third person Singular
Your answer to a question indicated that I have several of the skills you look for .	7	First person Singular
The Stark could not see them to stop them .	8	Third person Plural
He paid no attention to my explanations , and , playing with a stick of sealing-wax , repeated several times that the situation was ' very grave , very grave . '	5	First person Singular
We must be able to create and see our own stories , be it Inspector Morse or Derrick .	8	First person Plural
We trust and appreciate Scott Larson and know that he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs !	9	Third person Singular
We tried 4 different style of donuts , they were all the same when it came to quality .	8	Third person Plural
So , therefore , now he says i am inoperable ( even though i am not 100 % inoperable ) , and he is letting me die .	8	First person Singular
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .	1	First person Singular
And every entree we have ordered is perfect .	6	Third person Singular
An area that used to be bald as a billiard ball is now a sea of willow . "	11	Third person Singular
I 'm a little afraid when i buy PS3 or X - BOX then a newer version comes out .	0	First person Singular
It 's even made out to you .	1	Third person Singular
I 'm writing an essay for school and I need to know if the iPhone was the first Smart Phone .	8	First person Singular
A page that uses a Microsoft Office Chart Component	3	Third person Singular
We had relatively good facilities at the time -- decent science labs , with multiple hoods and access to good equipment ; nice gymnasiums , and a well - funded music department ( I was in the guitar ensemble ) .	33	First person Singular
The North Carolina Constitution likewise affirms the “ inalienable rights ” of human beings to " life , liberty , the enjoyment of the fruits of their own labor , and the pursuit of happiness . "	26	Third person Plural
You could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point , it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive .	23	Third person Singular
Stop gibbering , said Ron , we 've come to take you home with us .	14	First person Plural
By the way the Lichtenstein is up and hanging in our formal living room and it is magnificent .	5	Third person Singular
The Hank Green I know is hardly awesome .	5	Third person Singular
He reigned only fifteen years , which is evidenced by the incomplete nature of many of his constructions .	0	Third person Singular
Now I 'm the youngest and I just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it 's a good thing ?	21	Third person Singular
I wish I could make it .	2	First person Singular
By the way the Lichtenstein is up and hanging in our formal living room and it is magnificent .	15	Third person Singular
We felt we made it better because it introduced a process for review and refund . "	7	Third person Singular
I had so many strawberries right on the field ... strongly recomend ... do nt forget to try their great ice cream	0	First person Singular
Then an engine man from the Balkans said , " In our village we nailed owls to the church door when we caught them . "	13	First person Plural
When you make them look bad - even if it is the slightest offense - they will usually be very mad at you .	9	Third person Singular
It 's nice to see that even in the economy we can eat a place that has upscale service , amazing atmosphere , and Incredible food , but not break the bank while enjoying it !	16	Third person Singular
Nevertheless , poet and critic John Dryden rated Shakespeare highly , saying of Jonson , " I admire him , but I love Shakespeare " .	22	First person Singular
The vegetarian dishes and lighter fare were almost always spot - on , while the lamb was often dry and / or overcooked .	16	Third person Singular
Everyone has the right to an effective remedy by the competent national tribunals for acts violating the fundamental rights granted him by the constitution or by law .	0	Third person Singular
No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked	4	First person Singular
For the rest , after his hours of work , a casual stroll or a casual spree on shore suffices to unfold for him the secret of a whole continent , and generally he finds the secret not worth knowing .	19	Third person Singular
Due to its remarkable biodiversity , with over a third of the local plant species found nowhere else , Socotra has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site .	20	Third person Singular
They were from all accounts marginalized and not listened to .	0	Third person Plural
That means making yourself known ; that means networking .	3	Second person Singular
Dr. White is the best !	2	Third person Singular
Valeska Paris , an Australian woman and former Scientologist , has claimed that the Church of Scientology imprisoned her for twelve years aboard the Scientology - owned cruise ship , Freewinds .	18	Third person Singular
( 8 ) This Directive seeks to achieve a high level of protection for the environment by reducing the potential environmental impact of EUPs , which will ultimately be beneficial to consumers and other end - users .	5	Third person Singular
The birds sang so beautifully , the young deer skipped so happily , that it gladdened my old heart , and I could n't help singing too ...	16	First person Singular
Thomas Sam , a practising homeopath , instead decided to treat his daughter himself .	13	Third person Singular
What made it perfect was that they offered transportation so that I would not have to wait there or take time off of work to go back and forth or try to find a ride .	2	Third person Singular
Full name of the father is : " Nguyen Thanh Luan " ===> Full name of the son / daughter certainly is " Nguyen .......... " , for instance , " Nguyen Thi Thuy Lan " .	21	Third person Singular
One of the examples of research applied under safety measures has also produced a humanoid robot to compete with Valentino Rossi .	10	Third person Singular
He was hare in pursuit of the tortoise , and again and again he had to remind himself to hold back .	1	First person Singular
I am the only candidate who has studied both economics and law , and the only candidate with a background in technology entrepreneurship .	1	First person Singular
The man told him that a war between the two universes is coming , as he and Walter had predicted ; it is for this reason that Olivia , among others , was trained as a child .	11	Third person Singular
He lay on his bed watching the sun sinking behind the bars on the window and wondered miserably what was going to happen to him .	0	Third person Singular
The young Pettigrew woman was always in a state of enthusiasm ;	4	First person Singular
Ok maybe that is n't the right question , but my question is can you text from a united states number when you r in canada , can you send texts to another united states number ?	3	Third person Singular
No worries , i did n't try .	3	First person Singular
The invoice is not detailed , so it is difficult to see what you are paying for .	8	Third person Singular
During the session , he demanded to have my physical address , which I 've always kept private as I am enrolled in a witness protection program .	19	First person Singular
So , I am asking , will you take my fifteen dollars ? "	9	First person Singular
Amazingly , these idiots think a cartoon of Mohammed is comparable to what we can expect in this new fun contest :	13	First person Plural
Their head of nature policy , Jeff Knott , stated : “ I ’d be amazed if either a ban or licensing was introduced off the back of it ” .	0	Third person Plural
She is friendly when we see each other on campus .	0	Third person Singular
They have sent over their top reporter Ahmed Mansour to the town , and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of Al - Sahhaf .	4	Third person Plural
" They filed an emergency motion , and we were not about to let California go dark , '' Hoecker said .	1	Third person Plural
He has a very high intellect .	1	Third person Singular
Happened on to this place while out of town on business , and it was great !	14	Third person Singular
" Another generation of heavy metal has taken over , and -- sorry -- it ai n't just about strippers and dope .	14	Third person Singular
This is one example of what happens when Bush gets a question that he has n't anticipated .	13	Third person Singular
The reason Mr Koch produced his sound report was because the work in the CEN and within the United Nations Economic Commission was proceeding none too expeditiously .	22	Third person Singular
In Thessaly he defeated his enemies and by 352 , he was firmly in control of this region .	10	Third person Singular
Wilkins explained Warhol 's obsession with celebrities began when he first collected head shots as a kid and continued as a passion throughout his life .	9	Third person Singular
That is not my real name . No .	1	Third person Singular
They had a great selection of colors to choose from and their seats are super comfty .	0	Third person Plural
He was wounded at the Siege of Savannah on October 9 , 1779 .	1	Third person Singular
Last year she came up to me during one of the games late in the season ; she was so happy we were going to the post season .	17	Third person Singular
Santorum the person has been in the news throughout the primary season , and we thought it would be interesting to try to create a delicious drink that mimicked the appearance of the Dan Savage meaning of " santorum . "	14	First person Plural
I have counted around 25 of them and they currently reside in a 20 gallon tank .	6	Third person Plural
Called to check if they had a product I 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .	13	First person Singular
I 'd like to work with you on a response to this customer .	0	First person Singular
I recommend you to everyone in Calgary , as she is a professional and the cost for her was low .	9	Third person Singular
Wintour herself appears briefly , and is filmed putting her sunglasses on before being interviewed .	6	Third person Singular
" When the idea struck , he raced to his sister 's apartment and proclaimed :	6	Third person Singular
they save me from having to deal with Tmobile ...	2	First person Singular
You end up listening more acutely for the next noise and getting more irritated when it comes .	15	Third person Singular
It does n't change the company 's intrinsic worth , and as the article notes , the company might be added to a major index once the shares get more liquid .	14	Third person Singular
Come and see Manakau , the property of his descendants , located on the eastern corner of Rekohu and blessed with the sun 's first rays as they rise above the sea each day .	27	Third person Plural
extend the time he is out each day , but for the first month , always put him in his room at night , so he feels safe to sleep .	17	Third person Singular
If desired , the snitch is able to do whatever he or she wants to avoid capture .	10	Third person Singular
I will deliver it to you for your approval .	0	First person Singular
And that 's exactly what happens with PCBs in this food pyramid :	2	Third person Singular
Finally , I should like to say that the policies at the centre of our debate are part of an overall picture .	14	First person Plural
Limerick 's a great student city , there 's loads on , you 'll be spoilt for choice .	1	Third person Singular
They sat there for a short time without saying anything .	0	Third person Plural
Tet was a huge military and political disaster for the Communists .	1	Third person Singular
yea i guess but rabbits a easily escape a pen or another rabbit could get in there and that rabbit could be the opposite gender .	1	First person Singular
It was a very trying time for my family and myself yet Mike took the time to greet each and every one one of us .	1	Third person Singular
He had heard of Israel , but only just , and he was not especially interested .	11	Third person Singular
When she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney .	11	Third person Singular
He graduated very high in his class , from Princeton undergraduate and from Law School at Yale .	5	Third person Singular
When we complained to the management ( as we were instructed to do if there were any problems ) , nothing happened !	8	First person Plural
Margot 's had to be in the kitchen herself from six in the morning , and some nights it 's been until ten .	8	Third person Singular
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to freedom of movement and residence within the borders of each State .	4	Third person Singular
In terms of their glow , I suspect that it 's not theirs -	9	Third person Singular
That just goes to show the possibilities in our country !	2	Third person Singular
Shen Kuo soon impressed Wang Anshi with his skills and abilities as an administrator and government agent .	7	Third person Singular
* Offers end user transportation rates for 2003 lower for most customers than rates in effect today . *	1	Third person Singular
The inscription on it was fading away , so I should set it down here as it was then , and ask my readers to ponder it :	12	Third person Singular
The way China develops is vital for the way our own societies develop .	4	Third person Singular
The samples we have are small in terms of numbers and they are all preserved in formalin ( a kind of formaldehyde solution ) .	11	Third person Plural
If it 's inherently negative , then they 're either over-zealous , ignorant of other people or what to avoid those that contradict their fantasy land that caters to them and them only .	27	Third person Singular
This is car number 3 we 've purchased through them .	5	First person Plural
Dr. Fortier , an orthodontist , learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of Baffin Island in July 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall .	25	Third person Singular
His excursions through the city had taught him to understand the connectedness of inner and outer .	0	Third person Singular
I was there when they did a free raffle in August and I won a hard drive !	12	First person Singular
PLEASE NOTE : Your pledge is to be made electronically - it only takes minutes .	5	Third person Singular
the team at barton car wash was very friendly .	6	Third person Singular
It 's almost like God to some extent .	1	Third person Singular
For example , I am concerned when I buy the monthly bus passes and I have to fill in my SS number .	7	First person Singular
This is , after all , his business , and if he wants you to remain a customer why on earth is he doing shoddy work ?	22	Third person Singular
In fact , agriculture offers the continent its best opportunity to turn a vicious cycle of poverty into a virtuous cycle of development .	4	Third person Singular
I had an interesting conversation with a middle - aged taxi driver who used to live in Fallujah and is now at relatives in Amiriya , Baghdad .	19	Third person Singular
It established him as an author of note ( even if the surface owes a debt to Walter Scott ) and provided him with a name outside his past pseudonyms .	0	Third person Singular
Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !	10	First person Singular
That is why my family and our colleagues are urgently seeking your gracious assistance .	3	First person Singular
He was exchanged in November 1780 and served on General George Washington 's staff for the remainder of the American Revolution .	1	Third person Singular
A similar entity ( 1179 ) was assigned to Commodity and Trade ( Todd Richards and Mary Fischer ) so this one should be assigned to them as well .	26	Third person Plural
I am speaking for the first time in this plenary part - session , so this is quite exciting for me , a little like first love , although that did last longer than two minutes .	20	First person Singular
When I found out them came up with the Nook Tablet , I was pretty disappointed though , because I bought my Nook color for the same darn price !	4	Third person Plural
I do n't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it 's getting to be an issue .	16	Third person Singular
Please give me a call to discuss Nov transaction .	2	First person Singular
I think to say it was unexpected is inaccurate , because it implies that there was a well-founded expectation of something .	0	First person Singular
Just my opinion here - no judgement - getting your snake on frozen / thawed will prove to be much easier for you and safer for your snake in the long run .	1	First person Singular
Dobby heard tell , he said hoarsely , that Harry Potter met the Dark Lord for a second time just weeks ago . that Harry Potter escaped yet again .	4	Third person Singular
By the time he came to his street , he was running .	6	Third person Singular
He had served three terms of three years out there ... Because triumphant health in the general rout of constitutions is a kind of power in itself .	20	Third person Singular
The President is very eager to go ahead quickly and get this vote , because he very much wants to have Samuel Alito on the Supreme Court , to be judging the cases Bush is interested in .	34	Third person Singular
Now , none of this has been confirmed by Google at the present time , but it 's an old adage that you follow the money to see who is behind something .	16	Third person Singular
Some , I heard , got drowned in the surf ; but whether they did or not , nobody seemed particularly to care .	2	First person Singular
The owl Mum and Dad bought Percy when he was made a prefect , said Fred from the front .	9	First person Singular
If momma ain't happy , nobody ain't happy .	6	Third person Singular
I 'll try and send one of Peter Cox ' as well but may have some problems due to file size .	0	First person Singular
DPA : Iraqi authorities announced that they had busted up 3 terrorist cells operating in Baghdad .	6	Third person Plural
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement , and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what 's in the draft ?	1	First person Plural
Madam President , our colleague , Mr Cox , has done some excellent work on the Commission 's proposal .	3	First person Plural
She looks at me and then at Renata , who is smiling , and finally submits uncomprehendingly .	10	Third person Singular
Hey there , I 'm trying to find a restaurant in Philly to take my husband tomorrow for his birthday .	14	First person Singular
I swear that he might have twisted it off had I understood what it would mean to Garcia .	10	First person Singular
You can be absolutely sure , says Shahar , that the Prophet Jeremiah passed this way .	6	Third person Singular
Quinn was used to wandering .	1	First person Singular
Additional printed copies should be available within the next day or so and I will make them available to all of you - just let me know how many copies you need .	16	Third person Plural
Let me know if you have any questions .	1	First person Singular
It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who does n't know anything about it and get them to initial it .	24	Third person Plural
I do hope to see you visiting us at the fire and we shall prepare a feast for you , as well .	0	First person Singular
I encourage you to do this dance , as it has tremendous positive effects .	0	First person Singular
If I could give them a lower rating than poor I would .	1	First person Singular
they are great dogs .	0	Third person Plural
I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there , but i do know from personal experience that Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka is not a man of his word , and is also very CRUEL AND UNCARING !!	34	Third person Singular
The result indicates significant improvement in the performance of the sustained attention in the test , as well as a high dispersion , which reveals a variation in relation to the performance .	2	Third person Singular
I was experiencing severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit .	1	Third person Singular
Rivertrail is probably be best choice for the rider seeking an easy route .	1	Third person Singular
Cyclone Phailin has winds that have been measured at 200 km / h , as it surges over land will it begin to lose strength ?	15	Third person Singular
Jews do , it is well known , make inordinate demands upon themselves and upon one another .	4	Third person Singular
We got into talk , and by-and-by we strolled away from the hissing ruins . Then he asked me to his room , which was in the main building of the station .	16	Third person Singular
We understand that it is important that the two institutions - Parliament and Commission - cooperate and work together and that the current cooperation with the Committee on Regional Policy , and in particular the transport group , is magnificent .	4	Third person Singular
How much better does it get ?!	3	Third person Singular
But following Stillman was not wandering .	3	First person Singular
Back outside on the marble steps , they all separated .	7	Third person Plural
He is at his best when he is doing his Nerd impression ...	0	Third person Singular
i have tried EVERYTHING i can to get him to eat but he refuses .	8	Third person Singular
The office is shared with a foot doctor and it 's very sterile and medical feeling , which I liked .	10	Third person Singular
Please let me know what type of statement I should make back to the customer .	2	First person Singular
Several years ago I developed a short paper and pencil screening test which , in a small pilot study , discriminated between ADHD , LD , and control subjects .	3	First person Singular
There is no evidence that homeopathy is more effective than placebo for any condition .	6	Third person Singular
There is an outside chance we could have everything set to go this week .	5	First person Plural
I hope you have found this information helpful .	0	First person Singular
As a final point I emphasize that the existing positive actions must be kept in place .	4	First person Singular
Here it is -- we printed this 2 - sided and laminated it .	1	Third person Singular
if he keeps his head , and that one ca n't be sure of , not even with him , mmh ? not even with him .	2	Third person Singular
My hair has never felt this healthy , either .	0	First person Singular
Why , how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ???	29	Third person Singular
Many neo-pagan religions , such as Wicca , use aspects of ancient Greek religions in their practice ; Hellenic polytheism instead focuses exclusively on the ancient religions , as far as the fragmentary nature of the surviving source material allows .	15	Third person Plural
It will be interesting to see whether or not Google will finally slay the Microsoft Goliath , who has known no major defeat and seeks to vanquish all competition .	18	Third person Singular
i believe that NASA is a HUGE waste of tax payers ' money , but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies , that i find it best not to think about it .	27	First person Singular
I will call you in a couple of days to follow up on this email .	0	First person Singular
She ’s on the Holbeinsteg bridge .	0	Third person Singular
He also never even said he was sorry .	6	Third person Singular
It is possible to establish the phase of the moon on a particular day two thousand years ago but not whether it was obscured by clouds or haze .	1	Third person Singular
The main reason is Google is more accessible to the global community and you can rest assured that it 's not going to go away .	5	Third person Singular
Contains custom groups as its items and appears as the parent of the field whose items you grouped .	4	Third person Singular
Food is often expired so check the dates every time !	1	Third person Singular
It does n't matter how graceful your horse is , or how high he can jump , or how well he does a sliding stop .	8	Third person Singular
Just because Al Qaeda likes its truck bombs and the like to be effective does not mean they do not see the value in a deadly missive .	5	Third person Singular
Everyone has the right to freedom of thought , conscience and religion ;	1	Third person Singular
Any chance we can get together for dinner Saturday eve. ?	2	First person Plural
When my server crashed , Greg worked from 7 PM until 4 AM and had my company up and running the next morning .	15	First person Singular
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .	6	First person Singular
When you read the label it s easy to understand why .	6	Third person Singular
Comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	5	First person Singular
My 2004 x - type was getting close to 100,000 miles so it was time for an upgrade .	0	First person Singular
Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources i ve been looking at ?	20	Third person Singular
Internet Explorer has a default , built-in style sheet that displays the XML source as a (collapsible|expandable) tree .	10	Third person Singular
yes do not hold any animal s mouth shut it wil close their air way , he s just a kitty and they are very rambunctious , get him toys .	28	Third person Singular
Twitter gave Mohamed the option to come to their company for an internship .	8	Third person Plural
If he does know and approves of this behavior then it is a poor reflection on him .	11	Third person Singular
My advise to all is I have fallen into this trap ... pl ensure you do nt !!!	4	Third person Singular
It takes only one bite from a disease - carrying mosquito to transmit a debilitating or deadly infection – and mosquitoes breed and multiply with astonishing speed .	0	Third person Singular
Paris was born in Switzerland but her parents moved her to the United Kingdom when she was six so they could be closer to the church 's headquarters .	9	Third person Singular
He wants to talk .	1	Third person Singular
I dropped off a sheet metal piece that I needed copied due to th it was needing to be replaced .	14	Third person Singular
China wanted an overland route through its own territory , which would give it ultimate control if hostilities broke out .	13	Third person Singular
There is an emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to AMI , the publisher of the National Enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to Jennifer Lopez enclosing a Star of David and proposing marriage .	7	Third person Singular
SO , IF YOU WANT A BURGER AND FRIES , WELL , IT IS OK .	12	Third person Singular
I have sat here patiently and I find it quite extraordinary that you are not calling me .	16	First person Singular
People were arriving , and the younger one was walking back and forth introducing them .	8	First person Singular
How has it gone so far ?	2	Third person Singular
The man told him that a war between the two universes is coming , as he and Walter had predicted ; it is for this reason that Olivia , among others , was trained as a child .	15	Third person Singular
I look forward to working toward a mutually satisfactory agreement in this new and thorny area of e-commerce contracting .	0	First person Singular
Sometimes he stood up for exercise .	1	Third person Singular
Hiller replied : " No , it 's four questions of four leaders in four hot spots . " . . .	7	Third person Singular
They were very polite , eager to answer any questions and willing to wait for us to return from vacation to begin installing our fence .	0	Third person Plural
The poet and critic T. S. Eliot argued against Shaw that Shakespeare 's " primitiveness " in fact made him truly modern .	19	Third person Singular
Only a small minority of academics believe there is reason to question the traditional attribution , but interest in the subject , particularly the Oxfordian theory of Shakespeare authorship , continues into the 21 st century .	8	Third person Singular
Needs to go to $ 41 and then I will be happy .	8	First person Singular
I am not certain about the needs for the London Underwriting / IV group but will request the information from them if you have not done so already .	1	First person Singular
Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission 's hearings .	1	Third person Singular
It follows a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for Iraq 's police and army instead went to al - Qaeda .	1	Third person Singular
Then , glancing down , I saw a face near my hand .	10	First person Singular
I 've stayed in a more expensive hotel there , but you can check some travelguides or tripadvisor ?	0	First person Singular
In his dream , which he later forgot , he found himself walking down Broadway , holding Auster 's son by the hand .	11	Third person Singular
My personal favourite is Notes from the Underground ( Dostoyevsky ) .	0	First person Singular
Pursuant to your business question : we only hire nice people .	6	First person Plural
I was told management would call me back but still waiting for that call .	0	First person Singular
That being said , I do n't know how their delivery service is .	12	Third person Singular
Karim - this 's likely the explanation to your other question ...	3	Third person Singular
There he rented rooms from a French Huguenot named Christopher Mountjoy , a maker of ladies ' wigs and other headgear .	1	Third person Singular
35 - Number of countries to which the United States suspended military assistance after they failed to sign agreements giving Americans immunity from prosecution before the International Criminal Court .	14	Third person Plural
I think for starters , myself and those of you who believe in God could say a special prayer for them .	5	First person Singular
It can be seen as an allegory of Christ ’s death and resurrection , though this idea produces some puzzles .	0	Third person Singular
The plots of Shakespeare 's tragedies often hinge on such fatal errors or flaws , which overturn order and destroy the hero and those he loves .	24	Third person Singular
Islamic Jihad has refused to recognized the cease fire , and hopes to turn the Gaza strip " into a vast battlefield . "	11	Third person Singular
I apologize for the following inconvenience , but I have decided to move this group to Yahoo , so that we can post files and photos and other useful things .	20	First person Plural
And they 're working towards being able to extradite people who have left the country to avoid paying it back .	18	Third person Singular
She pointed to the refreshment table with Campbell 's Soup served with " electric " Kool Aid and tables adorned with colorful gumball " pills " .	0	Third person Singular
No , it was guys .	2	Third person Singular
I go every other week for the shallac / gel manicure which is only $ 25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks !	12	Third person Singular
The bigger issue , as the IMS consultancy found last year , is the shortage of doctors , clinics , and hospitals , especially in rural areas .	12	Third person Singular
No evidence suggests that Shakespeare approved these editions , which the First Folio describes as " stol ' n and surreptitious copies " .	2	Third person Singular
# 2 the decor is tasteful and artistic , from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixtures .... and ( most importantly ) # 3 the food is FANTASTIC .	4	Third person Singular
He is willing to do whatever you need from him without hesitation .	9	Third person Singular
The mycelium infuses all landscapes , it holds soils together , it 's extremely tenacious .	11	Third person Singular
I called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told " This is a Days Inn , not the Hilton " and the receptionist then hung up on me .	19	Third person Singular
I used Birdies for our Annual Walk Against Drugs and Alcohol event .	0	First person Singular
He had wanted to take in the details of what he was seeing , but the task was somehow beyond him at that moment .	11	First person Singular
My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly completed .	28	Third person Singular
Well it took us a while to find one that we liked .	1	Third person Singular
Montalvo was subsequently motivated to seek out information about Scientology on the Internet , and came upon a blog written by Rathbun .	1	Third person Singular
She says this in so ringing a voice that I retreat .	9	First person Singular
It simply refers to the same ICC publication for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generally .	2	Third person Singular
Tulsa has over 225 days of sunshine annually .	1	Third person Singular
Once you 're holding it , try to get her to touch / pet it ...	9	Third person Singular
They would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they do n't want 3 people in that small apartment .	0	Third person Plural
The wine was warm , but an early-hours-of-the-morning rain came out like sweat , and coolness blew in on necks and faces .	2	First person Singular
Just to let you know that it looks like one day will work .	7	Third person Singular
At the same time , an Iranian Opposition Group released what they call proof of a covert nuclear weapons program .	11	Third person Plural
I am raising the issue just to reiterate Parliament 's position .	1	First person Singular
Please do not go there if it 's professional , friendly , diligent medical services you 're looking for .	7	Third person Singular
Everything else in the station was in a muddle , – heads , things , buildings .	5	First person Singular
I have sculpted the giraffe laying down .	0	First person Singular
After he already put product on my hair he said " I should warn you , I 'm expensive . "	8	Third person Singular
I asked myself what I was to do there , now my boat was lost .	5	First person Singular
She stole the information and gave it to another guy that did all the work .	6	Third person Singular
Mohamed brought the digital clock he made to school on September 14 , and a teacher mistakenly thought it resembled a bomb .	5	Third person Singular
Please do me a favour and give me the subject price for Jan , Feb , Mar and Apr 2001 .	2	First person Singular
It says business casual but I know this can be interpreted in many ways .	0	Third person Singular
In March 2003 , Mohammed reportedly said that Moussaoui was not going to be part of 9/11 but was to be part of a " second wave . "	18	Third person Singular
Samuel Johnson quoted him more often than any other author in his A Dictionary of the English Language , the first serious work of its type .	3	Third person Singular
I believe he is correct in that he needs my physical address for legal reasons , however , he did not adequately explain this during our session .	2	Third person Singular
My sixteen-year-old daughter pulls up her T-shirt sleeve to show her bare arm , the skin summer brown and the muscle swelling slightly into smooth biceps , flawless .	0	First person Singular
You review and approve it , keep it on your desk , and I will come over and make the change at your desk on Monday .	4	Third person Singular
" There is still a ' yuk ' factor to the whole idea of buying and wearing other people 's body parts , " she says .	24	Third person Singular
The Archbishop is , to use an old word , a portly man .	2	Third person Singular
it 's very logical .	1	Third person Singular
All the Hasidim are vividly enjoying themselves , dodging through the aisles , visiting chattering standing impatiently in the long lavatory lines , amiable , busy as geese .	6	Third person Plural
anyways I feed them to my road sometimes .	1	First person Singular
a strong consciousness of his own being flooded him as if a stimulant had been injected into his veins .	4	Third person Singular
I did n't get a chance to talk to Paul today .	0	First person Singular
I would recommend to start with something more simple like tin , pewter , aluminum or zinc , they all have a much more reasonable melting point .	0	First person Singular
It is right on the hustle and bustle of Wisconsin Ave but some might miss it as it is nestled in between Subway Sandwiches and Modell 's .	18	Third person Singular
Much later , when he was able to think about the things that happened to him , he would conclude that nothing was real except chance .	15	Third person Singular
In the second room it took 3 tries to get all the towels and linens we requested .	4	Third person Singular
he makes so much MORE noise , as he plays and digs and jumps ( seriously )	1	Third person Singular
The friendly crew working was great & very helpful .	4	Third person Singular
I have no inside information , but I have been following links today that strongly indicate that Google is damn serious about securing permanent control of the leading edge browser technology in Firefox .	18	Third person Singular
Finally , I told the little girl that she would have to accompany me to school ( 8:30 am ) .	2	First person Singular
the first night i brought her home i did the sniffing under the door thing and left it at that .	5	Third person Singular
Please see my comments in red below .	2	First person Singular
Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see .	5	Third person Singular
On a form or report , you can also specify that a control is shadowed or chiseled .	13	Third person Singular
We outsiders are not stable enough to appreciate them .	8	Third person Plural
i do nt know what it is , but since a very young age i have had a strange but very gratifying urge to torture or maime animals .	6	Third person Singular
He went looking for his brother , George Whitman , after he a telegram telling him his brother was injured in the South .	15	Third person Singular
And that 's the way the greatest bear market since the Depression worked its way down .	13	Third person Singular
Dame Zaha Mohammad Hadid DBE RA ( Arabic : زها حديد Zahā Ḥadīd ; 31 October 1950 – 31 March 2016 ) was an Iraqi-British architect .	22	Third person Singular
I thought of canceling the lesson once again because I did n't feel comfortable driving an SUV .	9	First person Singular
This is o.k. for Ken Lay , but we are changing to a more uniform address , so would likely be better to use kenneth.lay@enron.com .	8	First person Plural
Due to that , the religion was relatively secretive .	6	Third person Singular
' I have a little theory which you Messieurs who go out there must help me to prove .	15	First person Singular
His church is venerable rich and beautiful .	2	Third person Singular
At the same time , it pleased him to know that Stillman also had a red notebook , as if this formed a secret link between them .	7	Third person Singular
i have never tried feeding him a pinky that was bigger around than he is .	13	Third person Singular
sort a wonder what it would have been like ?	4	Third person Singular
There was no need to open the big shutter to see .	1	First person Singular
So I started a small mailing list and added their addresses to it .	1	First person Singular
Took a bite , it tasted odd .	4	Third person Singular
Have patience with him , you just got him and who knows how he was treated before you brought him home .	19	Third person Singular
When the male s aggressive behavior stops , it is ready to spawn .	9	Third person Singular
I salute him for all he has done in this area .	6	Third person Singular
They are kind of in rank order but as I stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it .	22	Third person Singular
I mean there ’s certainly signs of it , and in the United States too , in fact we had a sit down strike in the United States not long ago , which is a very militant labor action .	33	Third person Singular
To make the reference more pointed and unmistakable , Sir Nathaniel replies " a most singular & choice epithet , " and at once enters it in his note book .	27	Third person Singular
The surgery itself is slick , modern and very relaxed and I always felt that I was in capable hands .	16	Third person Singular
Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !	1	First person Singular
She has no experience with snakes and has never held one .	0	Third person Singular
After they sporulate , they do rot .	1	Third person Plural
He shuffled athwart , keeping one eye ahead vigilantly .	0	Third person Singular
This gives them a competitive edge for the interim period .	1	Third person Singular
Most experts believe China intends to develop a small space station of its own over the next several years .	12	Third person Singular
I was wondering if you could give me some references regarding the calculation of correlation coefficients from a GARCH model .	1	First person Singular
he will reassure himself that no other animal is in there , and that no other animal will come in - he is afraid that he is in someone else 's territory when he is in a new house .	26	Third person Singular
I do n't know if there is anything I can do but I 'm always willing to help .	12	First person Singular
Ma said she had a great time in Houston , She was happy to see yourself , as well as C & D .	15	Second person Singular
You should give her a try - it 's worth every penny to know that you pet is in GREAT hands with Wunderbar pet sitting !!!!	3	Third person Singular
I asked why so high and they said it was due to the labor of moving things out of the way .	8	Third person Singular
And so we can compete against each other all the time within Australia but we really need to be able to ...	2	First person Plural
I 'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY .	6	First person Singular
For five years he had kept William Wilson 's identity a secret , and he was n't about to give it away now , least of all to an imbecile stranger .	14	Third person Singular
Debbie said , it is going to be hard on me to sale my old dodge truck .	3	Third person Singular
When I was a little girl , he did that often , and called me Muscles .	7	Third person Singular
Though '' decided '' is probably not the right word , since from the day they were born , these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders .	29	Third person Plural
Every move Google makes brings this particular future closer .	3	Third person Singular
What did the Dursleys care if Harry lost his place in the house Quidditch team because he had n't practised all summer ?	8	Third person Singular
Because I have the clear sensation that with this way of thinking , they wait the praise of some ideologized supporters .	1	First person Singular
Who was that I do n't know ... one of the people from the plane ... a baldish fair man with an accent , I did n't catch the name .	3	First person Singular
" Yes , " she said , and smiled .	4	Third person Singular
She 's a very fun girl .	1	Third person Singular
I really have n't thought about writing a book .	0	First person Singular
Is there any tricks I could use ?	0	Third person Singular
And who that person was he had no idea .	4	First person Singular
All you need to do is place your favorite combination of Skittles candies into a glass or bottle of vodka and wait for it to infuse .	23	Third person Singular
Just to let you know that it looks like one day will work .	6	Third person Singular
She certainly was n't ' forced ' to be there .	0	Third person Singular
Harry Potter was a wizard – a wizard fresh from his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .	10	Third person Singular
The only difference we had was for package V02 .	5	Third person Singular
a code of conduct was drawn with respect to press and communication issues ;	4	Third person Singular
It represents a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely human .	12	Third person Singular
This is my favorite coffee store .	2	First person Singular
It s been a few years since I have been to Ipanema .	1	Third person Singular
How can i get my kitten to stop biting when he plays ?	2	First person Singular
Bray was half-embarrassed to find that he even caught his eye , once , and there was a quick smile ; but Mweta was used to having eyes on him , by now .	16	First person Singular
It might just be coincidence or the fact those great big trotters with those extremely long backs lost a bit of fine coordination to get those gangly bodies around those tighter turns .	0	Third person Singular
I wish I could make it .	5	Third person Singular
The new TW Hotline was implemented Monday which included customer notification in the form of a Popup message in TMS and a Critical Notice which sent an Email .	4	Third person Singular
If so , then does that mean that if you watched a scary movie and your dog / cat / parrot was in the same room as you they will also get scared ?	21	Third person Singular
Gets busy so come early	0	Third person Singular
Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest .	1	Third person Singular
Dave Kingman is a turd , said Quinn , biting into his hamburger .	11	Third person Singular
remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it , and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time .	17	Third person Singular
But its potential for sustained growth is faltering , owing to the imminent decline of its working - age population – projected to fall by 25 % by 2050 – and rising competition from China and other emerging economies .	6	Third person Singular
43 - Percentage of the entire world 's military spending that the US spends on defence .	13	Third person Singular
Why should I bother my children with all this nonsense ?	2	First person Singular
This way they will see that your hand is good and it s not going to grab them or hurt them .	8	Third person Singular
At the 131st , below her , is the old Stock Exchange , hung upside-down now as a hipster den .	5	Third person Singular
The owners are really nice , they serve good food at a good price , and the option to eat outside on the deck ( esp on the weekend whether there is hardly any traffic ) is great .	6	Third person Plural
After the way she spoke to me on my last visit , I will not be returning !!	8	First person Singular
Side note : If you have anything due right now , and you have n't finished it , leave this article and complete that work .	16	Third person Singular
I asked why so high and they said it was due to the labor of moving things out of the way .	0	First person Singular
I 'm handling the afternoon -- I think that Harry has this morning .	0	First person Singular
Financed entirely with Bernard Tapie 's own money , these schools were closed in 1994 when he was declared bankrupt .	17	Third person Singular
He prayed to himself for deliverance .	0	Third person Singular
There were no other options available ( I only brought my check card to cover any overage cost ) and she rang it up and applied it to the gift card before telling me about the tip policy .	20	Third person Singular
can children go on the Eurostar train on there own to France and where about is the Eurostar located	15	Third person Singular
i satisfy your appetitie for lovin .	0	First person Singular
He exchanged dark looks with his wife , Petunia .	0	Third person Singular
Because of my academic and professional background , I understand the issues and challenges facing Virginia much better than the other candidates , and I am offering real solutions that can be appreciated across the political spectrum .	2	First person Singular
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company ' Moore Noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics .	25	Third person Plural
There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value .	1	Third person Singular
But if finance continues to take a disproportionate number of the best and the brightest , there could be little British manufacturing left by 2050 , and even fewer hi-tech firms than today .	3	Third person Singular
Using Alvarez 's dipole antenna to achieve a very high angular resolution , GCA allows ground - based radar operators watching special precision displays to guide a landing airplane to the runway by transmitting verbal commands to the pilot .	14	Third person Singular
The IPN report examines commercial fish species , but it neglects important non-commercial animals , such as seals and polar bears .	10	Third person Singular
Musk , which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive , makes the scent of perfume last a bit longer after each application .	6	Third person Plural
For a generous girl , a girl who took off her clothes with abandon , she was remarkably close-mouthed about some things .	10	Third person Singular
VCU has the # 1 art school in America , and EXCELS in healthcare and medical schooling .	1	Third person Singular
In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .	4	Third person Singular
I know saltwater is a possibility , can you give me a possible stocking option for that too ?	10	First person Singular
I am the only candidate born and raised in Virginia , but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing diversity of the commonwealth .	0	First person Singular
It varies ; look around Manhattan , look around rents , look around build-outs , look around hiring , look around advertising ...	0	Third person Singular
Our fence was installed quickly in August and they had their money and left saying " Workmanship is guaranteed for a year ! " .	10	Third person Plural
After all , our organizational performance is seldom measured in terms of how safe we are or how many rules we follow .	6	Third person Singular
Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end , Gemini , and now you 're going to start reaping the rewards these " lessons " have left in their wake .	10	Third person Singular
what 's your opinion ?	1	Third person Singular
I asked for a fried egg on my enchiladas ... and did not get it .!	7	First person Singular
Trek is not so great	1	Third person Singular
The interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections , but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 ( or so ) balloting centres .	19	First person Singular
I went on along Fleet Street , but could not shake off the idea .	0	First person Singular
The impact depends on a number of aspects .	2	Third person Singular
Once I returned to pick up my car , you can believe I spent quite a bit MORE time standing around waiting .	6	First person Singular
India had to pull back its forces from Sri Lanka in 1989 following the election of Ranasinghe Premadasa , a strong critic of Indian mediation .	5	Third person Singular
But nothing is certain .	2	Third person Singular
I just moved into the city , and I 'm wondering if there 's a place I can get good deals on restaurants here .	0	First person Singular
It s between sea and mountains so you can camp on beach or between mountains !	1	Third person Singular
And this litttle gem of a 7 - table restaurant is a complete and utterly wonderful surprise .	10	Third person Singular
We are always talking about quality ; well , I believe that quality also means giving priority to products wholly derived from the vine .	0	First person Plural
She talks to you at each appointment .	1	Third person Singular
So before hand I kinda knew about him , but I never met him .	7	Third person Singular
We are staying in Jerusalem as guests of the Mishkenot Sha'ananim , the dwellings of serenity .	0	First person Plural
Otherwise there was only an indefinable , faint expression of his lips , something stealthy – a smile – not a smile – I remember it , but I ca n't explain .	23	First person Singular
I 'm sure this kind of thing goes on all the time .	7	Third person Singular
He loves to flirt with her when Cyprian 's not looking , but get her doing her marvellous wriggle on the floor and he just stands there like Andrew , dragging his feet .	25	Third person Singular
The Galileo and Ulysses spacecraft carried dust detectors onboard that Eberhard Gruen and his colleagues used to first detect and them measure the flux of interstellar dust particles streaming into the solar system .	13	Third person Singular
But how long it will take for governments to act is a wide-open question .	10	Third person Singular
We will try to complete the I/C with the earliest in - service date possible , but with conditions as they are , a realistic date would be June 15 , 2002 .	20	Third person Plural
Although flying to the Chathams and back is not cheap , it is worth it .	12	Third person Singular
As long as this Agreement is not yet concluded , insofar as it applies provisionally .	5	Third person Singular
It 's a little hard to parse , but at this point his ostensible view is that the Gateses are very good money - redistributors , and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible .	15	Third person Singular
Following on the heels of Ben 's annoucement yesterday , I thought I 'd post that I have joined Google as well .	16	First person Singular
George Harrison said that he is tired of listening to people talk about John Lennon ....	5	Third person Singular
yep they fixeded my thumpstar in 1 day .	3	First person Singular
Between us there was , as I have already said somewhere , the bond of the sea .	6	First person Singular
Facebook Adverts makes it easy and cost-effective to quickly set up and manage your campaign .	2	Third person Singular
The case on which the Court has ruled was of the religious schools Santo Spirito and Immacolata in Livorno , Tuscany , to pay over 422,000 euros in arrears for the period from 2004 to 2009 .	8	Third person Singular
If you ca n't buy ballet shoes , that it is okay .	9	Third person Singular
Get used to using it yourself , and spread it to others .	5	Second person Singular
So far what they have done together has been good for us and that ’s how we would like to keep it ’’ , says Karzai .	3	Third person Plural
It ’s more subdued than I think what most people would expect .	5	First person Singular
Although Ramzi Binalshibh provided him $ 14,000 in July , accused September 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al Qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks .	4	Third person Singular
Vava’u is a group of more than 50 islands in Tonga , about 150 miles north of Tongatapu .	1	Third person Singular
The President is very eager to go ahead quickly and get this vote , because he very much wants to have Samuel Alito on the Supreme Court , to be judging the cases Bush is interested in .	18	Third person Singular
Madam President , our colleague , Mr Cox , has done some excellent work on the Commission 's proposal .	9	Third person Singular
Everyone was friendly from the receptionist to the surgeon herself , putting me at my ease and explaining the whole process , both initially and then as we went along .	27	First person Plural
The editors punch it up over the last couple of days and then it goes out over the Internet and into the print edition .	14	Third person Singular
The First One Is much Better !	3	Third person Singular
It is the attention to detail and the quality of the work taught at TomiPilates that sets this studio apart from the others .	0	Third person Singular
I asked her who she worked with and she just told me ti was the sales manager .	0	First person Singular
My boyfriend has one and when she 's hungry she attacks the pinkie right away .	2	Third person Singular
This article will show you how to save time and prevent wear , extending the life of your overalls until they are so soft you could wear them to bed .	27	Third person Plural
Napa is all about wine but gives very short descriptions of the wines on their lists .	1	Third person Singular
The Kerry camp blames Bush for the Swift boat veterans ’ attack , but anyone who has spent much time talking to the Swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons .	31	Third person Singular
They are adorable they have beautiful colors and personality .	0	Third person Plural
When are we going to get NetMeeting going ?	2	First person Plural
Both bathrooms look like they were flooded and the wood cabinets are thrashed at the bottom and they slapped some pieces of wood over to try to cover it up .	28	Third person Singular
This particular chair is designed to help with back problems , which she has .	13	Third person Singular
I had paid in cash , and he said he had no receipt / record of my purchase .	0	First person Singular
Whereas it is essential , if man is not to be compelled to have recourse , as a last resort , to rebellion against tyranny and oppression , that human rights should be protected by the rule of law ;	1	Third person Singular
I think they 'll send us another update once he 's out of emergency and into a room .?	2	Third person Plural
We are now fighting over who is going to pay for it .	6	Third person Singular
This could well be the day I make the biggest deal of my career , said Uncle Vernon .	12	First person Singular
I do n't care if a girl is absolutely exquisite looking --	0	First person Singular
Sounds like your 2 at least tolerate each other , so there is hope there .	0	Third person Singular
During their various collaborations , it is not clear who between the two conceived of some stylistic solutions in the arrangements that later on characterised both artists ' style .	1	Third person Plural
Little children are raised on deep hatred and on admiration of so - called martyrs , and the Western World does not notice it because its own TV sets are mostly tuned to soap operas and game shows .	23	Third person Singular
Once I actually got back in my car , it was dirty and had grease all over the steering wheel .	1	First person Singular
Wikinews observed the USI exhibit identifies and features Polaroids of fashion designer Halston , a former resident of Evansville .	5	Third person Singular
No longer a throwback to the Seventies , flock – or coating a surface is material – is flying again .	17	Third person Singular
I am going to find out how much line we currently have available ... you probably already have this .	1	First person Singular
Catriona is well and has landed herself a pretty cool job in PR .	6	Third person Singular
He gazed miserably into the hedge .	0	Third person Singular
What we need is a competent , efficient , and corruption - free government .	1	First person Plural
A Sri Lanka - born Tamil with a Norwegian passport was arrested by Thai authorities in 2000 for his links with the LTTE .	10	Third person Singular
" A few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear 's paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling . "	21	Third person Singular
If you bought packaged quinoa , this step is n't always necessary , but it 's better to be safe than sorry .	8	Third person Singular
‘’ Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , ” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan ’s National Security Directorate .	27	Third person Singular
all of the pho places taste the same to me , so what seperates one from the other is the service and the price .	13	Third person Singular
It was exactly ten .	1	First person Singular
Regardless of method , the winning seeker wins 30 points for his or her team , unlike the books , in which the snitch is worth 150 points .	7	Third person Singular
I spoke to Bruce Garcey at NiMo regarding their RFP .	8	Third person Plural
They was about to Charge me $ 129 ...	1	Third person Singular
I 'm you , and you 're me .	0	First person Singular
if it s a reel then it s scottish	1	Third person Singular
Although , I do n't think that scary movies will affect pets for a long time ; I am sure they 'll forget sometime -- or am I wrong ?	27	First person Singular
" Wei has given some virtuoso performances with brush and ink , often incorporating several different techniques into a single work , " said Gordon S. Barrass , curator of the exhibition .	2	Third person Singular
If someone is continually telling unfunny jokes , do you eventually fire them ?	12	Third person Plural
The city was renamed to Litzmannstadt , and Piotrkowska Street was called Adolf-Hitler-Strasse .	2	Third person Singular
When they sound off , it is a true audio / visual experience .	1	Third person Plural
You had to hand it to them , thought Harry , as George took an ordinary hairpin from his pocket and started to pick the lock .	6	Third person Plural
The bombings implicated Muslims , and exacerbated regional tensions which the Bush regime and its friends wearing the brass in the Philippine military sought to exploit .	14	Third person Singular
Additional cost will be incurred for the remainder of this year , that I have not been able to review yet .	13	First person Singular
Bloom Legal was really attentive to my problem , and Seth Bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue I was dealing with .	23	Third person Singular
That 's what they 'll be happy to note .	3	Third person Plural
His daughter 's condition deteriorated , to the point that the baby spent all her energy battling the infections caused by the constant breaking of the skin , leading to severe malnutrition and , eventually , her death .	0	Third person Singular
But you cannot repeat mistakes because the world is not built on repetition ; it ’s built on mutation .	14	Third person Singular
Stardust @ home is a highly distributed project using a " Virtual Microscope " that is written in html and javascript and runs on most browsers — no downloads are required .	15	Third person Singular
The study was published in journal Nature Climate Change yesterday .	2	Third person Singular
Also on Main St. is Metropolitan Plants , a haven for flower lovers , with a very large selection of products for gardeners .	4	Third person Singular
This overall favourable situation is the result of a long preparation at both legislative and institutional level and demonstrates the high level of cooperation achieved in EU and at international level .	18	Third person Singular
Next , they tried to force the window with a pry bar and then to break the window with a hammer .	2	Third person Plural
Our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the LC transferable .	10	First person Plural
I always went my own road and on my own legs where I had a mind to go .	3	First person Singular
So Harry had been brought up by his dead mother 's sister and her husband .	7	Third person Singular
As we 're getting more and more of those agreements , I 'd like to add a template in Global Contracts .	1	First person Plural
3 ) Make Iraq another Afghanistan , using the Republican Right 's own tactics against them .	15	Third person Plural
However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .	16	Third person Singular
If you are comfortable , we will drive these changes into our other midmarket power forms .	11	First person Plural
nevertheless , he was treated deferentially in San Francisco , and currency issued in his name was honored in the establishments he frequented .	16	Third person Singular
That is in fact the point of departure we have chosen here and I am very glad all this has been properly understood .	14	First person Singular
Thailand has recently cracked down on human trafficking , which has affected the routes by which people-smugglers transport migrants .	1	Third person Singular
I love her . :)	0	First person Singular
As a result , a population of just over 100,000 in 1950 has given way to a 2014 estimate of 1,537,058 ( with the metro area estimated at 4,489,109 ) .	12	Third person Singular
I must through it away .	0	First person Singular
He believed that the koran instructed that a jihadist should use the weapons used by the crusader .	0	Third person Singular
They need to update the locker rooms ASAP .	0	Third person Plural
Those requests should be somewhat easier to meet , although scheduling time with some of our colleagues can be quite a task !	15	First person Plural
I have used Bright Futures for the last 7 years .	0	First person Singular
Having a security question is a useful way to verify you own your account if you ever lose access to it .	4	Third person Singular
I had paid in cash , and he said he had no receipt / record of my purchase .	9	Third person Singular
Now suppose , instead of Styrofoam peanuts , we take these lovely little chocolates that we get and we had those instead .	8	First person Plural
He described her as a " remarkable " and " loving and wonderful " woman who left her mark in the literary world with her stories .	2	Third person Singular
As far as I know , Madam President , lies are not accepted in any parliament .	3	First person Singular
I got my appointment – of course ; and I got it very quick .	9	First person Singular
We appreciated her patience , knowledge and kindness !	0	First person Plural
My concept is that over time I would like to own one of all the following artists and they are all depending when I find something that we really like .	23	First person Singular
And what did we expect ... that he bench test every part .	3	First person Plural
But , when I suggest that she get Frank to model for her , she laughs .	12	Third person Singular
But let s hope for their sake ( and the sake of all space lovers out there ) that they can redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again .	19	Third person Plural
If we choose to do something on J-Lo , it ’s going to be something like that , something less obvious .	10	Third person Singular
The self of the individual lies hidden in the innermost layers of existence ( kosas ) .	5	Third person Singular
He paused to examine a long coil of hangman 's rope and to read , smirking , the card propped on a magnificent necklace of opals :	0	Third person Singular
I highly recommend that you do not use coiled / compact UVB bulbs as they are known to cause severe eye damage and / or blindness in reptiles not to mention they have trouble maintaining UVB output over time .	14	Third person Plural
And afterwards either infected them or not . Then for about two weeks we count every day how many ants died .	13	First person Plural
dead pixel of my photos ?	3	First person Singular
We just happen to stumble across this little restaurant one day when we had to visit the Bexar County Tax Office off of Bandera Road .	0	First person Plural
It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who does n't know anything about it and get them to initial it .	16	Third person Singular
My 8 year old daughter loves this place .	0	First person Singular
He sits down , saying that the influence of Yasir Arafat is evidently weakening and fading .	11	Third person Singular
Please continue its success by carefully adhering to the instructions .	2	Third person Singular
We attend LFTD and our children LOVE it !!	0	First person Plural
When I was ten my father already showed me some stuff in mathematics and the beauty and the imagination was quite apparent .	4	First person Singular
So chances are that if your dog likes to watch T.V. , it ’s probably because of the sounds .	13	Third person Singular
He knew that they never left the farm ; instead , the world came to them in the shape of weekend picnickers and driveby tourists .	15	Third person Plural
Discovery has already been retired following the completion of STS-133 last month , its 39th mission .	1	Third person Singular
If an egg turns blue , it had died and then became dyed as the outer membrane broke down .	3	Third person Singular
I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law .	0	First person Singular
Quinn was no longer that part of him that could write books , and although in many ways Quinn continued to exist , he no longer existed for anyone but himself .	30	Third person Singular
I 'm nothing more than a devoted fan of the game myself and I hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan discussions .	0	First person Singular
( For the technical details , I recommend a recent paper by Edwin M. Truman , my colleague at the Peterson Institute for International Economics . )	6	First person Singular
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	20	First person Singular
Struggle my arse .	1	First person Singular
i doing a research paper on donatello and i notice that there are two statues of David , a bronze one and marble one .	8	First person Singular
It has been emphasised that we absolutely can not continue with those who are completely against Italy .	5	First person Plural
This is just to let you know that Emma gave birth at week 34 on Friday , 6th July , to our triplets :	1	Third person Singular
I do n't steal , I was n't acting suspiciously .	0	First person Singular
After my trees were cleaned up , they gave me a jar of salsa .	9	First person Singular
I love the location and the apartment !!	0	First person Singular
I was issued a new corporate American Express card .	1	First person Singular
It 's so much fun over there , and I 'm positive that you 'll love it ! :)	9	First person Singular
“ There have no business being there unless they are undermining Pakistan , ’’ says a Pakistani official .	8	Third person Plural
It is a revolutionary hybrid .	0	Third person Singular
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .	12	Third person Singular
I lay there and tried to think if I should put my arm around her , but I did n't know .	8	First person Singular
From one-liners to classic three-liners to the one-minute gag you tell your friends , a good joke pleases everyone .	17	Third person Singular
Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today .	12	Third person Singular
It is the best university in Virginia and continuously receives rave reviews every year .	1	Third person Singular
The President is very eager to go ahead quickly and get this vote , because he very much wants to have Samuel Alito on the Supreme Court , to be judging the cases Bush is interested in .	15	Third person Singular
My family and I thank you !!!!!!!!!!	0	First person Singular
Police in the Indian capital Delhi say they have arrested the suspected co-ordinator and financier of last month 's deadly bomb blasts in the city .	7	Third person Plural
The problem with this argument is that Bush lacked the experience necessary to be president when he ran in 2000 , so this sort of cheap shot just hoists him by his own petard .	28	Third person Singular
Increases the capacity to work until 75 - 80 years of age .	0	Third person Singular
Western sheep and cattle ranchers , on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conducted , gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote him off as a job well done .	17	Third person Plural
Their chauvinisms got to the point that even they themselves hated each other .	0	Third person Plural
Pena comes up and chicken-shits a little grounder to first and the fucker goes through Kingman 's legs .	13	Third person Singular
I flew around like mad to get ready , and before forty-eight hours I was crossing the Channel to show myself to my employers , and sign the contract .	14	First person Singular
Do we have a sense for how many we can reach , how many we ca n't and where they are ?	19	Third person Plural
They do n't seem to know anything but the hype they are told and the packages they have available to them .	20	Third person Plural
I also had a pedicure , and they cut my nails too short , one of my big toes looks like it s getting infected .	0	First person Singular
Already , he thought he might be in love .	4	Third person Singular
Yet another amendment is aimed at simplification , taking references to the tank to include its accessories as a matter of course .	3	Third person Singular
October is National Magic Month in the US .	1	Third person Singular
There were four of us and I was taken first by a gentleman .	6	First person Singular
The service at Instep was great !!	4	Third person Singular
Day after day , with the stamp and shuffle of sixty pair of bare feet behind me , each pair under a 60-lb. load .	16	First person Singular
What the literary imagination faces in these political times .	4	Third person Singular
and she was always really shy to show that off to people , and I wanted to help her show that stuff , and I wanted to bring it out to the world .	18	Third person Singular
Also several days before the elections Pakistan closed the border crossing point at Chaman in Baluchistan which is a key entry point for the Taliban into Afghanistan .	17	Third person Singular
I 'm hearing some pretty depressing stuff from the people I know at ENE .	0	First person Singular
He 's a good chap , if they 'll let him alone , he 's learnt a lot , and one 's done what one could ...	14	Third person Singular
It never happens there .	0	Third person Singular
Before the phones went , I was told [ my family in Biloxi ] had lost their roof , barn , 2 oak trees and many pines and they were letting in water	5	First person Singular
I 've got a voice like a bullfrog .	0	First person Singular
She has professional hair , lightly streaked .	0	Third person Singular
The work was going on .	2	First person Singular
You just want to be sure you can groom and saddle sufficiently and the horse itself is calm enough so that whatever size it is , you can handle it .	16	Third person Singular
As it stands , MKM and I will probably bring it up with Sommer in OK City and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers .	2	Third person Singular
ANSI-89 is the default setting for a new Access database in 2002 and 2000 file format .	1	Third person Singular
For this reason , the initiative of the Commission is worthy of our congratulations .	9	Third person Singular
Yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son Ahmed Abdul Qadoos , who receives a stipend from the UN for being officially low - IQ due to lead poisoning .	8	Third person Singular
We have to have knowledge of the history of magic and what has been done before .	12	Third person Singular
" Because when they bring my chicken dinner this kid with the beard will be in a state , " I explain .	5	First person Singular
While they moved off , she said , Guess what my name is ?	5	Third person Singular
At no time during the conversation did the words , " I 'm sorry " ever come out of his mouth .	19	Third person Singular
And perhaps he was cheered by keeping his eye on a chance of promotion to the fleet at Ravenna by-and-by , if he had good friends in Rome and survived the awful climate .	22	Third person Singular
If you choose to get a parakeet this is a trick that I used to tame them .	16	Third person Plural
Dr. Wallen and staff was excellent .	4	Third person Singular
Actually it is not a new truck .	1	Third person Singular
I have 24 hrs in San Francisco - what are the best sights to see in my short time ?	0	First person Singular
He 's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he 's been in town for awhile .	0	Third person Singular
Through you I urge the Commission and the Council to reach decisions and take urgent action following the meeting on 14 October .	2	First person Singular
Can you send me the data you used : I shall take a look at it .	15	Third person Singular
I just have a few issues supporting my back and my left leg flops .	10	First person Singular
http://i.imgur.com/S2MD2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/T2zff.jpg http://i.imgur.com/Xytex.jpg I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000 ( see links above ) .	8	First person Singular
But Johnson was so obtuse he did n’t understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter .	18	Third person Singular
He sat at the checkout desk , stamping books and reading Tristram Shandy for a graduate class ; he was almost asleep when someone said , " Excuse me . "	18	Third person Singular
Our last call was Iris Kind , Bill Savier ( sp ? ) , and Jeff Davis .	0	First person Plural
The pizza is usually pretty good , the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more , but it was still good .	13	Third person Singular
i waited another 30 mins before receiving my food and it was cold .	7	First person Singular
As first - time home buyers , my husband and I found Stephanie Fairchild at Prudential Steamboat Realty , extremely helpful .	7	First person Singular
There was some horrible fate impending for Sonia and I had to kill her before something worse happened .	1	Third person Singular
I just hope that I will be invited to the opening ceremony because we worked damned hard to get it .	0	First person Singular
Hi , i 'm looking to take myself and my best friend and his girl friend and this girl i really like out to dinner for my birthday .	13	Third person Singular
The idea about this site is that the visitors can send in their own pictures and get them added to the album .	17	Third person Plural
There is an Electric Restructuring Committee hearing scheduled for September 6th or 7th .	1	Third person Singular
There 's of course Jason , who is our editor and he 's the one who writes dD .	12	Third person Singular
Unfortunately for them , the general has decided to take seriously Colin Powell 's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the Indians made conciliatory gestures toward Islamabad .	2	Third person Plural
1 . Here 's a site that lists world cruises including prices .	3	Third person Singular
She is always so busy , too , which is a good indication of her talent .	1	Third person Singular
It 's nice to see that even in the economy we can eat a place that has upscale service , amazing atmosphere , and Incredible food , but not break the bank while enjoying it !	0	Third person Singular
I know that with my industry - wide and investment banking contacts that I can help raise capital for the fund .	13	First person Singular
the knights inn was small very small . i mean 1 room in every room ! it was cozy a little and a small tv .	3	Third person Singular
This , as well as the deficiencies in the networks of infrastructures and services and a generally very low level of employment , which furthermore is seasonal and lacks diversity , exacerbates the exodus from rural areas .	25	Third person Singular
It is heartening that the European Union recognises the problems and is willing to focus on them .	7	Third person Singular
Then an engine man from the Balkans said , " In our village we nailed owls to the church door when we caught them . "	23	Third person Plural
I had tried out few place around the area and had been ripped off a few times .	0	First person Singular
My sixteen-year-old daughter pulls up her T-shirt sleeve to show her bare arm , the skin summer brown and the muscle swelling slightly into smooth biceps , flawless .	5	Third person Singular
I would appreciate it if , on the close of this item of business , I might be allowed to give an explanation of vote on behalf of my Group .	15	First person Singular
My post-op treatment was TERRIBLE .	0	First person Singular
It remains unclear if these figures represent real individuals , or if the authorial " I " who addresses them represents Shakespeare himself , though Wordsworth believed that with the sonnets " Shakespeare unlocked his heart " .	19	Third person Plural
Look at it through Auster 's eyes , he said to himself , and do n't think of anything else .	8	Third person Singular
I wish I had the capital to open my own shop ?	2	First person Singular
During the session , he demanded to have my physical address , which I 've always kept private as I am enrolled in a witness protection program .	8	First person Singular
Only if it is of the quality of That 's Amore .	2	Third person Singular
The warm chocolate cake was very tasty , but served at room temperature , not warm by any stretch of the imagination .	4	Third person Singular
Comb Type : Silkies have walnut combs which is actually genetically two comb types ( Rose and Pea ) single is also there , but is recessive .	20	Third person Singular
It is my understanding , from good sources in the Gov s office that the Gov will order Loretta Lynch to expeditiously implement the provision to suspend all parties auhtority to enter into direct access contracts .	1	Third person Singular
She seemed to know all about them and about me too .	9	First person Singular
I like to imagine the thought processes going on in W 's head if he were to actually read the letter , but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter .	23	Third person Singular
The Liberal Democrats , who represented the affluent suburb until 2010 , are hoping to snatch it back with their candidate Sarah Olney .	19	Third person Plural
" It may be a difficult political issue but I do n't think the energy content is worthwhile . "	16	Third person Singular
I fell asleep thinking about how I wished that the Scathalos outrunners were gone .	0	First person Singular
In part because of that reputation , the gray wolf was nearly exterminated from the lower 48 states by the 1920s , except for a small remnant population on Isle Royale National Park in Michigan 's Lake Superior .	10	Third person Singular
If you take him here for shots , no big deal but I would never let this man apply anesthetic to my pet ever again .	3	Third person Singular
He described her as a " remarkable " and " loving and wonderful " woman who left her mark in the literary world with her stories .	17	Third person Singular
Dow Stock is back up over $ 33 .	2	Third person Singular
It 's June second , he told himself .	7	Third person Singular
It is a time to learn what happened and how it may affect the future .	10	Third person Singular
is it supposed to be storming ?	1	Third person Singular
According to ABC News , Basya also believes the asylum seekers found in the water may have left the boat on purpose to be rescued to avoid being sent away from Indonesia waters .	7	Third person Singular
He would be a Libertarian today .	0	Third person Singular
And this is one of the oldest pieces of environmental legislation that we have in Europe .	12	First person Plural
She will be 20 on 11/03 .	0	Third person Singular
I assume his actual reason is that he 's worried that Berkshire Hathaway just ca n't grow quickly enough to justify his usual charity policy .	0	First person Singular
James , you must come and say hello to Dorothy before we leave .	11	First person Plural
With Wikinews , Sarvis discusses his background , views on McDonnell 's tenure , keys to campaign success , plan to implement his agenda , and the former Virginia governor he most admires .	5	Third person Singular
I ca nt find any information about it	0	First person Singular
em ... no ... the Gates foundation mainly invests in medical research and education , that means donating now adds a tremendous value compared to donating in ten years .	8	Third person Singular
I do n’t like the doctor , but I do n’t know why .	0	First person Singular
They set off together down the street .	0	Third person Plural
That was our reaction to all of the J-Lo stuff .	1	Third person Singular
This was my chance , and it made me the more anxious to go .	1	First person Singular
The excellent windows have performed without any problems , but that 's not why I 'm writing my review .	17	First person Singular
It was the middle of the afternoon , in the heat , in Africa ;	1	First person Singular
We trust and appreciate Scott Larson and know that he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs !	20	First person Plural
( we live in Pennsylvania btw ) I 'm mad and upset now !	1	First person Plural
The prestigious IAEA ( International Atomic Energy Agency ) published an early report on Chernobyl which was based on information from Russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects .	27	Third person Singular
They made me feel confident in what they would do , and treated me like a member of their own family .	2	First person Singular
We have seen it already in Algeria and , to a certain extent , in Turkey .	0	First person Plural
She waves , antlike , then crawls through a dormer window .	1	Third person Singular
He appears to have retired to Stratford around 1613 at age 49 , where he died three years later .	0	Third person Singular
$ 80 for a dish that has about one small lobster tail and is full of filler vegetables !	13	Third person Singular
Additionally , when there was confusion ( my fault ) , they left me flowers along with a personalized gift .	11	Third person Plural
Well , here 's to three crazy people , said Wentz , excitedly picking up his glass .	15	Third person Singular
All I can say is that I am glad I went in !	9	First person Singular
Because Usamah is Saudi , my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the Wahhabi school of Islam that predominates among Saudia 's some 15 million citizens .	7	Third person Singular
My answer is that we do n't to text speak here ... we type in English .	4	First person Plural
We go to Japaneiro 's all the time and we have NEVER been disappointed !	0	First person Plural
A settlement on the area of present-day Łódź was established in the 14th century and in 1423 it was granted a town charter , along with the right to have a marketplace .	17	Third person Singular
~ It took over 40 mins to be taken to our table , once there it took another 20 mins to get our orders and a further 45 mins till our starters landed on our table .	15	Third person Singular
I mean , I was n't smart enough to apply for a scholarship .	0	First person Singular
I had so many strawberries right on the field ... strongly recomend ... do nt forget to try their great ice cream	18	Third person Plural
I like Hayes Street Grill .... another plus , it 's right by Civic Center , so you can take a romantic walk around the Opera House , City Hall , Symphony Auditorium ... all very beautiful .	0	First person Singular
He Would Tear Down Our System Of Checks And Balances , Giving Far Too Much Power To The President	0	Third person Singular
We need to be more ' rigorous ' about how we perceive these people .	10	First person Plural
I 'm happy about this .	0	First person Singular
After the sinking of the Titanic in 1912 , was there a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking ?	29	Third person Singular
We arrived early and the staff was very accomodating to our families and the situation we were in .	15	First person Plural
It will help inspire young people to the adventure of space and to the excitement of a career in science , technology , engineering and math . "	0	Third person Singular
It was quite a poignant fact that I was away on that particular Friday .	1	First person Singular
I ran into Corey last night at LW s and I am thinking this is a girl for Darren .	14	Third person Singular
This is like trying to Make 2 people get married .	1	Third person Singular
He said he 's had a long and bad day .	0	Third person Singular
Microsoft has not announced there new console yet though it is believed to be in the works .	10	Third person Singular
it seems like it s healthier too , but it s prolly not .	9	Third person Singular
I recommend you to everyone in Calgary , as she is a professional and the cost for her was low .	0	First person Singular
The metal rail of the steps wheeled against the plane was icy-wet to his palm and in the streaming rain he did not smell the Aegean or thyme , as he had remembered from other journeys to Africa .	13	Third person Singular
How come no one bothers to ask any questions in this section ?	4	Third person Singular
If you bought packaged quinoa , this step is n't always necessary , but it 's better to be safe than sorry .	15	Third person Singular
Once a car nearly ran him over as he was crossing the street .	5	Third person Singular
I do feel guilty about you doing all this work .	0	First person Singular
" I have a duty toward you , " he tells me .	11	First person Singular
He was very anxious for me to kill somebody , but there was n't the shadow of a carrier near .	5	First person Singular
XML syntax ( the tags and their placement in a document ) defines and describes the data in an XML document but does n't indicate how the data should be displayed .	12	Third person Singular
Let him go at his own pace , do n't rush with him , and never ever resort to physical violence with your bird .	4	Third person Singular
i flew here last night .	0	First person Singular
This store is proof that you can fool people with good advertising .	2	Third person Singular
We sat in the front dining area , it was very cozy and pleasant .	9	Third person Singular
I have had parakeets for a VERY long time , and I use pledge .	11	First person Singular
Dunn believes the resulting overcharges for electricity exceeded $ 30 billion .	1	Third person Singular
" The hardest blow on Americans , " concluded Roberts , " will fall when China does revalue its currency .	16	Third person Singular
I was n't going to use them again , but I was going to leave it at that .	10	First person Singular
I 'll drive an hour just for their volcano , yum !	7	Third person Plural
I felt my coat tugged at , and tugged again , and at last I looked around .	2	First person Singular
It 's much more fun when there are other people that can understand your language .	0	Third person Singular
I caught the third day of Corey 's Jeopardy run last night here at the office ( yes , I had to come back after the play ... I love my job ! ) .	0	First person Singular
But she did a fabulous job letting me know what she was doing at all times and styled my hair in a way i could do it at home .	7	First person Singular
Oh Mweta 's not like that .	2	Third person Singular
Friendliest place I have ever stayed !	2	First person Singular
We live in the flicker – may it last as long as the old earth keeps rolling !	15	Third person Singular
Here is latest draft of risk memo ( STILL IN DRAFT FORM ) .	1	Third person Singular
I did n't expect to react that way , but when I was looking around my workplace in Nashua , New Hampshire , and everyone else looked pretty much like me , it was really very eerie .	11	First person Singular
she will start to calm down and feel safe - you can bet she does n't now .	0	Third person Singular
On board the Freewinds , Paris claims that she was working from 6:00am to midnight and due to lack of sleep ended up being a walking zombie .	9	Third person Singular
So , I hope to pierce that prejudice forever with this group .	3	First person Singular
i tried to say i was n't that drunk but z was n't having any of that conversation .	0	First person Singular
the strange shyness of twenty-two years of marriage made it impossible for her to say : Do you want to go ?	12	Third person Singular
This is THE premier university in Virginia .	1	Third person Singular
So , I believe the invention of the computer Internet is an inevitable consequence of a previously proven , biologically successful model .	3	First person Singular
I called the next morning to let then know my wife would be driving in .	0	First person Singular
He checked out what I needed to have done told me what needed be fixed before he did any work and did great repair work .	4	First person Singular
Last time I got a medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled her easily .	2	First person Singular
Her shrieks followed them all the way along the twisting alleyway out into bright sunlight .	3	Third person Plural
4 ) The business is very unorganized .	4	Third person Singular
And they would not have to land on the moon to take us down a notch . "	1	Third person Plural
For this reason , the initiative of the Commission is worthy of our congratulations .	12	First person Plural
I personally provided the request on four separate occasions and they claim there is a glitch in their systems ?	13	Third person Singular
oh god is there an agenda .	2	Third person Singular
All horses I 've had delivered to me since then are happy and healthy when they arrive .	15	Third person Plural
I remember going into Hollywood Magic and wanting that big red box with the dragons on it and I did n't even know what it did .	0	First person Singular
Here I am now driving confidently on my own .	1	First person Singular
The following illustration shows how the row area will look with nested custom groups .	3	Third person Singular
Well one day he said to me You know i do n't wear Underwear as he was bent over Working on my Mare s Right front hoof .. and I was Like Ummmm okay ???	9	First person Singular
The Lawyer – the best of old fellows – had , because of his many years and many virtues , the only cushion on deck , and was lying on the only rug .	13	Third person Singular
You think so , I think so ... right .	4	First person Singular
Fort Lee offers international cuisine and is famous for their pizzerias , delis and 24-hour diners , in addition to its Korean restaurants .	6	Third person Singular
I see that it is a 4 , so that will be no problem .	3	Third person Singular
For $ 4 it was a nice break from the monotony of winter indoors with a toddler .	4	Third person Singular
The confidante and right - hand man of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri admitted that Zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to use it against US targets .	22	Third person Singular
The elf hung his head .	3	Third person Singular
In the meantime , we extend our best wishes for a safe and happy holiday season .	4	First person Plural
York was known as Eboracum by the Romans , who founded the fortress city on the River Ouse in the year 71 .	1	Third person Singular
Have no idea what kind of restaurant this is or where it is .	8	Third person Singular
Oglethorpe over paid their invoice every month .	3	Third person Plural
Good local steakhouse , I recommend it !	6	Third person Singular
My waiter was so excellent I gave him a 75 % tip , and it was worht every penny ..	0	First person Singular
Paul is out of the office today so I have n't had a chance to talk to him .	8	First person Singular
It was about two years from when Frank sent me specimens to when we got the paper out .	1	Third person Singular
If they have been saying bad things about you , they may simply not like you .	10	Third person Plural
I just got a call from Dave and Frank and they tell me I have a whole week this time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade Australian financial power .	10	Third person Plural
Stretching 750 kilometers from end to end , they reach from near the coast of Myanmar almost to Sumatra in Indonesia .	8	Third person Plural
Well , it 's yours , said Quinn .	3	Third person Singular
When they are cruel , their friends will usually ignore it or not do anything to stop it since they 're afraid that they 'll be treated badly by their ' friend . '	5	Third person Plural
Everyone knows that it is politically impossible to turn to the Member States and ask for an increase in the Membership fee .	4	Third person Singular
It varie$ company to company .	1	Third person Singular
Isfahan International Airport or Isfahan Shahid Beheshti ( IATA : IFN ) was a military air base before the revolution .	12	Third person Singular
Oh , I think I can say we 've come out of it quite good friends .	4	First person Singular
I was very upset when I went to Mother Plucker , they had NO FEATHERS and the quality is TERRIBLE .	11	Third person Plural
Let me know if that does n't seem possible .	1	First person Singular
It depends on the conditions of your skilled migrant visa .	1	Third person Singular
Electricity : A panel focuses on price hikes and the actions of the ISO president .	4	Third person Singular
I will discuss with AA the following	0	First person Singular
By the end of the second week I had made a total of more than $ 1000.00 !!	7	First person Singular
I wish I had you as my dentist early on in my life - maybe my teeth would have been a lot better then they are now , However I am glad you are my dentist now .	30	First person Singular
* gasps * So I would n't make a good prostitute ?	4	First person Singular
I had a severe phobia of attending the dentist until I met and was treated by Dr Nelson .	0	First person Singular
I 'll still be here in Boston so we 'd do it over the phone .	0	First person Singular
I was already a vegetarian when I read it a little more than a year ago , but it was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan .	18	Third person Singular
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Friday 17 December 1999 , and I would like once again to wish you a happy new year in the hope that you enjoyed a pleasant festive period .	17	First person Singular
I 'm assuming it 's to scare off predators / like how they will puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies .	21	Third person Plural
Tropical vegetation includes the pandanus or screw pine , the casuarina , and the mulberry tree , the bark of which is used to make tapa cloth .	21	Third person Singular
i 'll be coming back for years to come !	0	First person Singular
Well , they have a variety of sports that they play like basketball , soccer , etc .	9	Third person Plural
It 's a completed term , but it is supposed to come from ' Flap ! '	7	Third person Singular
He 's always like " ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours , I wish I had mine ! " and he is n't even joking .	25	Third person Singular
my female chameleon just laid eggs yesterday and today some of the eggs are soft when i mean soft i mean like not like ordinary chameleon eggs .	16	First person Singular
Finally , it is my belief that it is not for us to deal with rate levels .	11	First person Plural
Where these adaptations are adopted after accession they may be applied as from the date of accession .	7	Third person Plural
He really does turn your dreams into reality for your home !	0	Third person Singular
Please tell me there is a deeper reason .	2	First person Singular
Andy Haldane , one of the lieutenants Carney inherited at the BoE , has questioned the financial sector 's economic contribution , pointing to " its ability to both invigorate and incapacitate large parts of the non - financial economy .	13	Third person Singular
54 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 30 September , 2003 .	11	Third person Singular
We are obliged to do so because we are the representatives of the citizens in a Europe of Citizens and not just in a Europe of States and of Regions .	7	First person Plural
Alejandra González Anaya , one of the parade 's creative directors , explained to CNN why Mexico have decided now is the time to put on such a show .	20	Third person Singular
I ask one of the hostesses when I may expect to receive a drink and she cries out in irritation , " Back to your seat ! "	15	Third person Singular
FITNESS UNLIMITED is a second home to a lot of us gym members who work out daily .	10	First person Plural
I just moved into the city , and I 'm wondering if there 's a place I can get good deals on restaurants here .	8	First person Singular
Notice that each tag set has both start and end tags and is case sensitive , and that the tag sets are properly nested within each other .	12	Third person Singular
Busy-minded people , with their head-culture that touches all surfaces , have heard of Einstein .	7	Third person Singular
I faxed you the promotional on 10300 Heritage Office Building with the Nimitz post office .	0	First person Singular
There were no other options available ( I only brought my check card to cover any overage cost ) and she rang it up and applied it to the gift card before telling me about the tip policy .	10	First person Singular
On shore leave they wear civilian clothing now .	3	Third person Plural
4 . In Section 6.2.1 I 'll just note that the discount rate sentence I think is still an open issue .	14	First person Singular
If he or she did not , then they should have all the same rights as other Iraqis .	1	Third person Singular
70 m - Estimated number of Americans who describe themselves as Evangelicals who accept Jesus Christ as their personal saviour and who interpret the Bible as the direct word of God .	9	Third person Plural
The municipality has turned the Gai-Hinnom into a park .	2	Third person Singular
Clough only goes in for the last year , after self-government 's been granted and the date for independence 's been given .	19	Third person Singular
We visited on 7/26/08 for dinner We received a gift certificate for the Mama Mia 's on Greenfield Ave .	0	First person Plural
it 's got the character of the miners ' pub it was , but it 's very handy for the new government offices , not too overawing , so you get quite a few Africans coming in .	1	Third person Singular
But , we had a great laid back day last Saturday and I think have hit that comfortable stage ... you know , not quite so formal about dates etc .	12	First person Singular
If you want to make it more quickly , cut the skittles in half before putting them into vodka .	16	Third person Plural
If that facility is available to Vice-President – and good luck to him – is it available to other Members ?	14	Third person Singular
Considering at the design stage a product 's environmental impact throughout its whole life cycle has a high potential to facilitate environmental improvement in a cost-effective way .	15	Third person Singular
moving with a pod was the best moving experience i have had .	4	Third person Singular
Yeah , I see O.J. Simpson .	2	First person Singular
Why , how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ???	26	Third person Singular
They have been accumulating for years , and basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he feels like it .	17	Third person Singular
And it 's guilty :	2	Third person Singular
It 's a completed term , but it is supposed to come from ' Flap ! '	0	Third person Singular
How is the night life in Naha ?	1	Third person Singular
as far as i know , everything is as good as it can be where his aquarium is concerned .	7	Third person Singular
Built during the Safavid period , it is an excellent example of Islamic architecture of Iran , and regarded as one of the masterpieces of Persian Architecture .	6	Third person Singular
He announced this in January :	0	Third person Singular
The back of my jersey says " The Poet ' because growing up that was my nickname .	3	First person Singular
I ran into Corey last night at LW s and I am thinking this is a girl for Darren .	10	First person Singular
Kaoshikii is a dance which was invented in 1978 by Shrii Shrii A'nandamu'rti .	5	Third person Singular
Had to keep in mind that the A / C broke , I feel bad it was their opening !	15	Third person Singular
My role with Firefox and the Mozilla project will remain largely unchanged , I will continue doing much the same work as I have described above - with the new goal of successful 1.1 , 1.5 and 2.0 releases .	13	First person Singular
That concludes Parliament 's agenda .	1	Third person Singular
I thought of canceling the lesson once again because I did n't feel comfortable driving an SUV .	0	First person Singular
This is now my fourth week and I have made a total of $ 42,000.00 and it 's still coming rapidly .	3	First person Singular
They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they " do as they wilt " .	0	Third person Plural
He won a case against the Greek railways several years ago and he is owed several thousand pounds by them .	13	Third person Singular
He rose from his seat , excused himself to Quinn , and walked quickly towards the door .	3	Third person Singular
U.S. President George W. Bush shakes hands with Chinese President Hu Jintao in a bilateral meeting in Santiago .	5	Third person Singular
Please use this new file as opposed to the one I sent earlier .	10	First person Singular
My pup has a wonderful temperment and has been a wonderful addition to my family !	13	First person Singular
He says authorities are reacting slowly to his urgent calls for mandatory iodised salt .	0	Third person Singular
Just as he opened his mouth to speak , he was interrupted by a clattering of keys at the front door , the sound of the door opening and then slamming shut , and a burst of voices .	2	Third person Singular
Now I 'm able to play the piano pretty well .	1	First person Singular
At times I suspect that the world would be glad to see the last of its Christianity , and that it is the persistency of the Jews that prevents it .	15	Third person Singular
He had even imagined the conversation that would follow : he , suavely diffident as the stranger praised the book , and then , with great reluctance and modesty , agreeing to autograph the title page , since you insist .	10	Third person Singular
Reality hurts when it intrudes ; as such , an arrogant person is less likely than other people to self-reflect or analyse , thereby not seeing their own imperfections .	12	Third person Singular
Between 1585 and 1592 , he began a successful career in London as an actor , writer , and part - owner of a playing company called the Lord Chamberlain 's Men , later known as the King 's Men .	5	Third person Singular
Mike Day , our outside counsel , will make the presentation on our behalf .	3	First person Plural
It would be helpful to have a separate place to record his thoughts , his observations , and his questions .	11	Third person Singular
What can we do about it ?	5	Third person Singular
My question relates to something that will come up on Thursday and which I will then raise again .	13	First person Singular
Since Emperor Meiji , it has been customary to have one era per Emperor and to rename each Emperor after his death using the name of the era over which he presided .	5	Third person Singular
Here we need financial starvation of the organizing elite , more power to women , more education , counter-propaganda , boycott whenever feasible and access to Western media , internet and the international scene .	1	First person Plural
He was a seaman , but he was a wanderer , too , while most seamen lead , if one may so express it , a sedentary life .	7	First person Singular
This BuzzMachine post argues that Google 's rush toward ubiquity might backfire -- which we 've all heard before , but it 's particularly well - put in this post .	14	First person Plural
She flicked her wand casually at the washing-up in the sink , which began to clean itself , clinking gently in the background .	2	Third person Singular
Rafferty recorded a new version of his Humblebums song " Her Father Did n't Like Me Anyway " on the album Over My Head ( 1994 ) .	15	First person Singular
I 'm a little afraid when i buy PS3 or X - BOX then a newer version comes out .	17	Third person Singular
Male mosquitoes do not bite , so their release presents no health risk , and , because their progeny die , no genetically engineered mosquitoes persist in the environment .	9	Third person Singular
Natasha is the BEST photographer we have ever worked with .	5	First person Plural
It just gives you a little leverage and curb pressure .	0	Third person Singular
Friday is a bad day ( Performance Review Committee all day ) .	1	Third person Singular
Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to -- and trust me we have been to a lot of them .	30	First person Plural
Stendhal 's heroes , when they are in prison , choose to think above love .	5	Third person Plural
If she is nicer when you are alone I 'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend .	11	Third person Singular
After happily visiting Sear's Automotives in the past , I was shocked at the horrible service received at their Greensboro location .	9	First person Singular
He was discharged when the Continental Army was disbanded in December 1783 .	7	Third person Singular
No doubt he was ; but he had been a couple of years already out there engaged in the noble cause , you know , and he probably felt the need at last of asserting his self-respect in some way .	6	Third person Singular
He could detect the effects of the election around him , in the bursts of conflict and the curious intersection of new ideas with old ones .	0	Third person Singular
If Jeff is happy , I 'm happy .	2	Third person Singular
I thought that I had gained my cockatiel 's trust , but now he 's not coming to me when I open his cage .	14	Third person Singular
Any good poses or programs ( I 'm willing to buy a dvd as long as it is under $ 20 ) to help specifically with leg stabilization ?	16	Third person Singular
THAT WAS THE PLAN .	1	Third person Singular
There 's not that much money in fundamental science at the moment , so I try to cut the costs wherever possible .	14	First person Singular
She was determined to make no end of fuss to get me appointed skipper of a river steamboat , if such was my fancy .	21	First person Singular
He has got that hard edge to his game but also the soft hands .	0	Third person Singular
Carroll met Rachel in the Jellicoh College library , where he had a part-time job .	10	Third person Singular
Yo mama `s so fat , when she gets in an elevator , it HAS to go down .	8	Third person Singular
His magnum opus was a sequence of short stories and novels collectively entitled La Comédie humaine , which presents a panorama of French life in the years after the 1815 fall of Napoleon Bonaparte .	3	Third person Singular
I have hundreds of VHS movies lying around ... what should I do with them ?	11	First person Singular
The current study is too small to make strong conclusions with regard to cultural differences and experimental methods ;	3	Third person Singular
They have towed car for me a few times and I am always very satisfied with this services .	5	First person Singular
Mohamed brought the digital clock he made to school on September 14 , and a teacher mistakenly thought it resembled a bomb .	18	Third person Singular
The goal is for him to move on with his life and for us to move on as well .	9	Third person Singular
Anyone else find it a little suspicious that there are not only 20 reviews for this dentist ( a HUGE number compared to the others in the area ) , but that they all have the same unique grammar structure ?	3	Third person Singular
They also keep track of the score .	0	Third person Plural
He urged the President that brigades and brigades would be coming under the banner of jihad carrying death and seeking paradise .	0	Third person Singular
actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	10	Third person Singular
I have found this hotel in the Lonely Planet guide .	0	First person Singular
If you feed him too many he could just not be hungry .	6	Third person Singular
Thanks for thinking of me to send it to .	7	Third person Singular
He then " fixed " it for free but it still looked like crap .	5	Third person Singular
While these concerns should not be dismissed out of hand , none of them is the source of the current slowdown .	14	Third person Singular
My father put his hand on top of my hair , his palm on my head , and I could feel the bone of my skull and my skin and his hot palm , so dry and strong .	0	First person Singular
Stillman never seemed to be going anywhere in particular , nor did he seem to know where he was .	12	Third person Singular
" I think America 's obsession with celebrity culture is as strong today as it was when Warhol was living " , said Gustafon .	18	Third person Singular
Last year , after all was said and done , I asked Rod whether my payment structure would leave me with no / little tax liability at the end of the year .	19	First person Singular
I do n't remember near which station it is though .	8	Third person Singular
I must admit I see the question of a world market orientation rather differently from the way it was presented a moment ago .	3	First person Singular
Yes , I say .	2	First person Singular
By Graydon Carter ( excepted from " What We 've Lost " , published by Little Brown )	8	First person Plural
When you open a page , Access reads the connection file that is linked to the page , and based on the contents of the connection file , connects the page to the appropriate data source .	12	Third person Singular
For the avoidance of doubt , where the work is a musical composition :	9	Third person Singular
i used to have one .	0	First person Singular
It 's a little hard to parse , but at this point his ostensible view is that the Gateses are very good money - redistributors , and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible .	28	Third person Singular
It 's anything but that .	1	Third person Singular
This is not a rip - off , it is decent ; it 's legal ; and it is virtually no risk - it really works !!	8	Third person Singular
The mass murder happening right now in Sudan , where the Arab Moslem regime is massacring its black Christian citizens , has nothing to do with Israel .	21	Third person Singular
The Liberal Democrats , who represented the affluent suburb until 2010 , are hoping to snatch it back with their candidate Sarah Olney .	16	Third person Singular
good luck with your new house and with his new territory !	8	Third person Singular
We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected , but let me know what we can do .	0	First person Plural
Hydrogen peroxide reduced infected ant fatalities by 15 % , and the ants varied their intake depending upon how high the peroxide concentration was .	23	Third person Singular
I know this is going to be expensive .	3	Third person Singular
Since they consider this an upgrade , they let their other rooms fill up and would not change our room .	18	First person Plural
He did not like the girl sitting next to him , and it offended him that she should be casually skimming the pages that had cost him so much effort .	14	Third person Singular
Ordinarily , George would come in around noon ; he would ordinarily leave around 5:30 or 6:00 in the evening .	9	Third person Singular
One night was too much .	2	Third person Singular
Yeah you got ta burn it .. that s the only way	8	Third person Singular
This one is better for rats .	2	Third person Singular
It 's important that you take retreats and plenty of time for yourself to regenerate , as the rate of change in your personal and professional life will be fast and unpredictable .	1	Third person Singular
Where coordinating tax policy is concerned , the main objective is to limit manoeuvring and distortions on the capital markets .	4	Third person Singular
Finally , it must be said that Stuart is a fantastic person to work with , because of his solid strategies and equally as importantly because he is a genuinely good person and a great communicator .	18	Third person Singular
This is to inform that a representative of Enron Corp would like to address the Commission on the issue of utility rate stabilization plans at the Commission 's hearings scheduled for December 27th and 28th .	1	Third person Singular
Anyone can become a monkey ; it takes serious study to become a magician .	7	Third person Singular
They did a very bad job with my hair and were extremely rude when I went back to ask them why it did n't work for my hair .	26	First person Singular
Seventeen-year-olds sleep on friends ’ couches , I know .	7	First person Singular
" We take document security seriously , " she said , but refused to give any more details about how the papers came to be on a road .	8	Third person Singular
All he could tell was that he was standing in the stone fireplace of what looked like a large , dimly lit wizard 's shop – but nothing in here was ever likely to be on a Hogwarts school list .	1	Third person Singular
After some genius surgery and a lot of very tough rehab , I have made a full recovery .	12	First person Singular
We are more popular than Jesus and Pope " ....	0	First person Plural
It is busy every day at lunch for a reason , the service is fast and the food is great .	1	Third person Singular
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task ; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business .	14	First person Singular
The CIA did not even allow the FBI access to KSM for 10 days after his arrest .	15	Third person Singular
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair ( she only wanted one , however ) .	15	Third person Singular
That 's the most interesting part of all .	1	Third person Singular
I ve had cats for 35 years and the oldest cat I 've ever had was a 23 year old female and she was exceptional .	0	First person Singular
She is caring , punctual , and very enthusiastic about her job !	10	Third person Singular
This type of harness goes around the dog s chest and legs and has a clip for the leash up on the back of the dog in middle of shoulder blades .	4	Third person Singular
following up on our discussion yesterday ; for these types of deals , i do nt think it s necessary to have all the documentation of our counterparty 's authorization to enter into the agreement .	3	First person Plural
He is willing to do whatever you need from him without hesitation .	1	Third person Singular
Just as I knew we should have to leave .	2	First person Singular
It was as though Stillman 's presence was a command to be silent .	1	First person Singular
But , without strong domestic support for change , the impact of such meetings is limited .	14	Third person Singular
That is why my Group moves that this item be taken off the agenda .	1	Third person Singular
Everything is white and hospital-like but there ’s no examining couch .	7	Third person Singular
I made noises with my heels but they were too loud so I stopped .	0	First person Singular
University of Texas Arlington Muslim Student Association president Sehar Memon said the large amount of positive feedback for Mohamed had helped make his situation much better .	22	Third person Singular
HTML , while well suited for providing text and image display information for Web browsers , is limited in its ability to define data and data structures .	16	Third person Singular
Our son Stephen is looking after it tonight .	0	First person Plural
The election elects 70 members of the Legislative Council .	2	Third person Singular
okay , I do nt have a review , but why in the hell would you name your business something that has the initials KKK .... is there something behind the scenes at this place ?	26	Third person Singular
I 'm going to show you six , if I can , solutions for helping to save the world .	0	First person Singular
But they remain uncertain about whether China aims to beat the United States to the moon in its secretive space effort .	7	Third person Singular
The question posed by this research is , fundamentally , an examination of how the problem of “ access ” is framed in postdigital society from the perspective of the consumer .	6	Third person Singular
He is often called England 's national poet and the " Bard of Avon " .	0	Third person Singular
Now and then a carrier dead in harness , at rest in the long grass near the path , with an empty water-gourd and his long staff lying by his side .	24	Third person Singular
Who was that I do n't know ... one of the people from the plane ... a baldish fair man with an accent , I did n't catch the name .	24	First person Singular
Having completed this operation , he would return the notebook to his pocket , pick up his bag , and continue on his way .	5	Third person Singular
I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase , and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation .	20	Third person Singular
I was not happy with the way they looked , very wavy , uneven edges , and with the exception of 1 , there is a dip in the center of each nail .	7	Third person Plural
Does Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version ?	13	Third person Singular
Perhaps GDP does not really capture the improvements in living standards that computer - age innovation is engendering .	16	Third person Singular
Expect to pay full price , and the theatres themselves are on the small side .	9	Third person Plural
I found it on the street .	0	First person Singular
Hmmm , she says , Then why are you calling here , we do n't go past broad ?	3	Third person Singular
The word was invented by Jonathan Swift and used in his book ' Gulliver 's Travels ' .	10	Third person Singular
I think we should be capable of saying this loud and clear .	2	First person Plural
I love to play with that and I am always looking for muses that fit that bill because it is so interesting making a collection when I find one .	18	Third person Singular
We could hear every single thing that happened outside like it was inside our room .	13	First person Plural
She feeds well the baby on her own , the baby is ok but she does not go in the nest to stay with him at night ...	14	Third person Singular
There were several pimples on her left cheek , obscured by a pimpish smear of pancake makeup , and a wad of chewing gum was crackling in her mouth .	24	First person Singular
Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end , Gemini , and now you 're going to start reaping the rewards these " lessons " have left in their wake .	35	Third person Plural
Another time I 'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where " Mommies " get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason .	2	First person Singular
Socotra is considered the jewel of biodiversity in the Arabian Sea .	1	Third person Singular
How do I add a security question to my account ?	2	First person Singular
The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .	28	Third person Singular
So I got just my other rear tire replaced .	4	First person Singular
Monotheism and Holy War obviously does have a violent interpretation of Salafism , rather as the the leaders of the so - called German Peasant Rebellion among early Protestants did .	5	Third person Singular
The regulation that was annulled was based on Article 100c of the Maastricht Treaty .	5	First person Singular
Unfortunately for the IMF , it now needs a slightly higher public profile to convince the US Congress to agree to some important reforms .	7	Third person Singular
Be a little more reasonable with your expectations of a place like this ; and maybe do n't jump to personal attacks suggesting that they do n't want to work hard , just because you bruised your own ego .	24	Third person Plural
Specifically , Jeffs is charged in Utah and Arizona with sexual assault of underage girls and with arranging " spiritual " marriages for girls and older men .	3	Third person Singular
either way you also need to keep an eye on the temperature if you are using a dry fish tank as UV lights in my experience up the temperature significantly and without proper ventilation it can become an oven .	24	First person Singular
His last three plays were collaborations , probably with John Fletcher , who succeeded him as the house playwright for the King 's Men .	14	Third person Singular
He knows his own mind but he 's not an intransigent fellow at all ...	0	Third person Singular
" ... there is no companion quite so devoted , so communicative , so loving and so mesmerizing as a rat . "	3	Third person Singular
Shahar is bald , muscular , and his shirt is ornamented with nags , horseshoes , and bridles , a yellow print on dark blue .	9	Third person Singular
Also that , I heard in the next few years Fujairah would be as good as Dubai , is it true ?	19	Third person Singular
They offer a large variety of quality hotdogs and hamburgers They also offer veggie dogs .	10	Third person Plural
My trader is supporting her price of SJ Bondad GDP rather than SJ Non-Bondad GDP .	0	First person Singular
remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it , and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time .	3	Third person Singular
So , I believe the invention of the computer Internet is an inevitable consequence of a previously proven , biologically successful model .	2	First person Singular
I 'll choose the one that sounds the best after looking into all the fish :)	0	First person Singular
If they 're going kinda slow and like fake biting ( not biting as hard as they can ) , and fake scratching ( not hitting as hard as they can with their paws ) then they 're playing .	1	Third person Plural
I 've never been a smoker & am a very strong anti-smoker , but I 'm an over-eater & so I know how hard it is to change a habit .	14	First person Singular
So , the prospect of fungi existing on other planets elsewhere , I think , is a forgone conclusion ;	13	First person Singular
But I 've done hundreds of dog introductions myself ( another place , I do n't work here ) , and owners can have unrealistic expectations and views of what they see when their dogs meet other dogs .	30	Third person Plural
I found her triumphant .	2	Third person Singular
Stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he 's on the phonne with Gibson or Kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation .	11	Third person Singular
Our extra bedroom is nicer now .	0	First person Plural
A UN review of national plans to cut carbon says they are well short of the levels needed to keep the rise in global temperatures under 2C .	10	Third person Plural
Per my conversation with Edmund this morning , we are moving the following countries to the non-approved list : Austria , Belgium , Croatia , Czech Republic , Denmark , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Singapore , and Slovenia .	8	First person Plural
It wo n’t hurt . ”	0	Third person Singular
It was a great deal -- we paid a certain amount per person , and my husband and I chose 4 types of pizza and the servers brought out as much as we wanted .	1	Third person Singular
This place is bad .	2	Third person Singular
" Dale " means " river valley . "	3	Third person Singular
I am 17 years old .	0	First person Singular
Stay on it until the " Saint - Michel Notre - Dame " station .	2	Third person Singular
Distances are not what they are in the old world .	4	Third person Plural
3 TO 4 DAYS if you are lucky on average it takes about 6 days .	11	Third person Singular
The garden was large , and in Harry 's eyes , exactly what a garden should be .	2	First person Singular
On the question of whether to exempt energy-intensive industries , in our view the Commission 's proposal has advantages and disadvantages .	17	Third person Singular
I thought it would be a good idea to see how a few that I liked would look like on a model ( by looking the dress up online ) .	0	First person Singular
It knows that you are there .	1	Third person Singular
China and Japan , and the world at large , have more dollar reserves than they require .	15	Third person Plural
Therefore I could not estimate the mean reversion rate as the estimated slope has the positive sign .	13	Third person Singular
My dental surgeon , Dr. Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established .	7	Third person Singular
He wo nt even get close to the crate .	0	Third person Singular
I caught the third day of Corey 's Jeopardy run last night here at the office ( yes , I had to come back after the play ... I love my job ! ) .	19	First person Singular
My friend and I were to stay here for a girls night , catch up on our lives evening .	3	First person Singular
He had emerged into a dingy alleyway that seemed to be made up entirely of shops devoted to the Dark Arts .	0	Third person Singular
People who study ballet also retain flexibility throughout their adult lives , making this technique the basis of training for all types of dance .	8	Third person Plural
Our world is in crisis and our Republic is in danger .	2	Third person Singular
Using this work arrangement , it forces you to take action , as you ca n't afford to waste any time . [ 2 ] .	6	Third person Singular
Tmobile want to Send of my phone and i did n't want to go thru that ...	8	First person Singular
I 'm Virginia Stillman , the woman began .	0	First person Singular
0 - Number of coffins of dead soldiers returning home that the Bush administration has permitted to be photographed .	14	Third person Singular
It is a dance for both males and females .	1	Third person Singular
The history of values is okay because wisdom is ageless ; it does n’t grow old , like material .	8	Third person Singular
It has three parallel chapels at the apse and many lateral chapels between the buttresses .	1	Third person Singular
The attention is the main point made in this study , since it is fundamental to the learning process and be recurring complaint among parents and teachers in schools .	2	Third person Singular
I asked them to change it but they rudely said that it was okay .	0	First person Singular
There was some horrible fate impending for Sonia and I had to kill her before something worse happened .	9	First person Singular
But iPhone was the first " Officiol " touch screen smart phone .	2	Third person Singular
WHEREAS , a body of men calling themselves the National Congress are now in session in Washington City , in violation of our Imperial edict of the 12th of October last , declaring the said Congress abolished ;	22	First person Plural
The Skilled Worker category was my first attempt at permanent residency .	4	Third person Singular
only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine .	2	Third person Singular
She waggled her fingers , sticky from the marshmallow , and her husband took his handkerchief from his pocket and gave it to her .	23	Third person Singular
If he or she did not , then they should have all the same rights as other Iraqis .	3	Third person Singular
Quality has fallen over the years , but still the best go - to burger place on the East Bay .	1	Third person Singular
He heard the sound of someone entering the room behind him .	10	Third person Singular
he crawls on top of them but does not try to eat them .	1	Third person Singular
( I 've even had a pair of killies leave eggs on a floating thermometer !	1	First person Singular
The close proximity of Warsaw and Łódź 's location at the crossroads of the Polish motorway system make it an ideal destination for a day trip or longer city break .	18	Third person Singular
Scholars are not certain when each of the 154 sonnets was composed , but evidence suggests that Shakespeare wrote sonnets throughout his career for a private readership .	10	Third person Singular
The only way to fight this new " popular " weapon is identical to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas : the offensive way .	11	Third person Singular
Last time I went however , my beer was warm and the service was so - so .	6	First person Singular
I have two upcoming events one is for 200 and another is for 21 .	0	First person Singular
by going away from the standard isda maybe we can eliminate these requirements because the payout liability is only 1 - way .	17	Third person Singular
And so we can compete against each other all the time within Australia but we really need to be able to ...	14	First person Plural
Should flexibility of this kind result in there being inadequate rules in some countries then we should work towards greater harmonisation .	15	First person Plural
( I am mixed-race ( half-Chinese ) and in an interracial marriage . )	1	First person Singular
Joseph Asahe was one of Edward Shinza 's lieutenants in the early days of PIP .	2	First person Singular
We took our beloved kitty to him and it came back dead .	0	First person Plural
It actually needs to be relatively waterproof - the last one I bought had me soaked in anything more than light / moderate rain .	2	Third person Singular
They want to go , they 're longing to , you can see they ca n't stand the sight of your face when you 're working together ... which makes things very pleasant , you can imagine ...	13	Third person Plural
We could change the language of the POA to this ...	0	First person Plural
English is the dominant language in Phoenix .	1	Third person Singular
He was given to putting himself on strange mixtures .	5	Third person Singular
It was complete chaos , " Kioka Williams told the Associated Press news agency .	1	Third person Singular
If i were you I would Go ...	1	First person Singular
He has the family look the brown eyes , arched brows , dark coloring , and white hair .	1	Third person Singular
he told me he was going to be the first African at the bar here .	0	Third person Singular
Then , also , he 's got so much stuff in there right now , that I do n't know how he 's going to fit baby stuff .	16	First person Singular
Like his father , he added the aristocratic - sounding particle to help him fit into respected society , but it was a choice based on skill , not birthright .	13	Third person Singular
In 10 more years we 'll have a better idea . "	4	First person Plural
Mailing them to the house iis fine .	5	Third person Singular
If the latter is the case , we could place both Sara and Elena in a specialist job group ( the salary range is 33 - 66 K ) .	23	Third person Singular
" I do n't know how these events could have taken place without some concerted effort , " said Dunn .	1	First person Singular
That was our reaction to all of the J-Lo stuff .	2	First person Plural
I am prepared to believe it .	0	First person Singular
Lee was making his final Canadian convention appearance , part of a larger farewell tour .	1	Third person Singular
For this reason , it 's always better to practice ballet in a ballet studio under the guidance of a good instructor , who will be able to correct your positioning and make sure that you 're dancing properly .	5	Third person Singular
Tears lurked mysteriously behind his eyes , and his voice seemed to tremble as he spoke , but somehow he managed to hold his own .	19	Third person Singular
This is referred to in the emblem and when you hear the dwellers of Łódź ( łodzianin ( man ) łodzianka ( woman ) łodzianie ( plural ) ) calling themselves " the boat people " .	30	Third person Plural
I am well aware that this was also the aim of Parliament 's work .	6	First person Singular
Another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time , meaning users can not retrieve them and read them later ( as they can with e-mail ) .	34	Third person Plural
In about forty-five seconds I found myself again in the waiting-room with the compassionate secretary , who , full of desolation and sympathy , made me sign some document .	4	First person Singular
It means they 've gone too far .	0	Third person Singular
This gave us the data that ants choose more medicine after they have been infected .	11	Third person Plural
The answer is likely D : all of the above , due to this being a complex reality we live in .	18	First person Plural
Mine learned to " go to the bathroom " only in their cages and loved to ride on my shoulder or hang out in my hoodie pouch .	11	Third person Plural
When you distribute a Web page that uses components , users who do not have the components installed will be prompted to install the components , provided the Web page designer configures the components to do so .	7	Third person Singular
I assume from your message you are OK with this and they can get it nailed down ?	14	Third person Singular
We become most fully human when we love another person .	0	First person Plural
I wish I had the capital to open my own shop ?	0	First person Singular
It has nothing to do with true fanatic religious beliefs .	0	Third person Singular
He was deposited in an office on the 33rd floor where a pricy church lawyer interrogated him for two hours . "	0	Third person Singular
The Gulf itself only has one exit , the Strait of Hormuz , which is also dominated by the mountainous Iranian coastline .	4	Third person Singular
I had hear great things about Phet and G&G Automotive so I decided to give him a try .	0	First person Singular
While Schauble 's strategy may sound appealing , it is , at best , the symbolic garb of progress .	8	Third person Singular
It 's a massive multiplayer role playing game .	0	Third person Singular
I say this of my free will . Yes .	0	First person Singular
I could handle my mice , but they where skittish and preferred their cage .	7	Third person Plural
Eventually , she got the break she was so eager for :	7	Third person Singular
He stood rocked back on his heels with his coat thrown over his shoulders and his hands in his pockets .	18	Third person Singular
It will lie there for anywhere from 30 seconds to several minutes .	0	Third person Singular
NASA is looking to private companies to launch both supplies and astronauts to the International Space Station , it announced this week .	18	Third person Singular
I do n't know if vomiting blood is common with this ailment .	7	Third person Singular
They were very friendly and were able to explain me exactly what was wrong with it .	15	Third person Singular
How do they treat those not like themselves ?	2	Third person Plural
Another senior Al Qaeda member ( a shura or policy - making council member no less ) was working for the Egyptian intelligence services and he confirmed the report in a sworn lengthy confession .	17	Third person Singular
However , now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $ 6,000 + despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do , I feel I have to voice my opinion .	4	First person Singular
China 's insatiable demand for energy is prompting fears of financial and diplomatic collisions around the globe as it seeks reliable supplies of oil from as far away as Brazil and Sudan .	19	Third person Singular
Will they take it as an opportunity to educate viewers about disability and diversity while showing superb athletic performances without engaging in a discourse of pity ?	1	Third person Plural
where can I find the best tours to the Mekong Delta at reasonable prices ?	2	First person Singular
We should be establishing limit values on a Europe-wide basis , but they should be reasonable as well .	12	Third person Plural
But nothing had ever come of it , and he had felt stupid , as though there were a blind spot in the center of his brain .	25	Third person Singular
Specializing in short stories , she was one of the first important writers to appear in the Meiji period ( 1868 - 1912 ) and Japan 's first prominent woman writer of modern times .	6	Third person Singular
What was it to the Dursleys if Harry went back to school without any of his homework done ?	15	Third person Singular
Despite the name , this entity appears to be a MTM company .	6	Third person Singular
Hope you 'll have time to review it today .	7	Third person Singular
We have this report ?	0	First person Plural
Believe me .	1	First person Singular
A negative number is not available .	3	Third person Singular
3 ) also want an island where I can do fun activities , rainforest is a must	14	Third person Singular
I do n't know why .	0	First person Singular
This is a gnome , he said grimly .	1	Third person Singular
I am all for thought being given to this and for seeking solutions .	1	First person Singular
Also , the top of the salary range for a specialist is 66 k .	11	Third person Singular
He is my farrier ( shoes my horse s feet ) so I am technically a client if you want to view it that way .	1	Third person Singular
We 've been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the " Babies Elliott " had arrived .	0	First person Plural
Money ca n't buy you happiness ... but it does bring you a more pleasant form of misery .	8	Third person Singular
I am free at 8 am on Friday before Rick 's budget meeting .	1	First person Singular
As a result , research and development in genetic engineering is more expensive , discouraging investment and hampering innovation .	10	Third person Singular
What 's up ?	1	Third person Singular
On the other hand , the Richmond Ukrops chain is known for its charity work , its community action , and its interest in the public welfare .	16	Third person Singular
Once Bet was asleep it was impossible to wake her up .	4	Third person Singular
I moved into the Tanglewood Apartments in late 2008 and it 's been a refreshing change .	11	Third person Singular
The person who best explains this , and helps me out the best with my question will be REWARDED WITH TEN POINTS !!!!!!!	4	Third person Singular
Let me know what 's happening as soon as you can , love from Hermione .	4	Third person Singular
I go to school in the area and usually wait until I go home to get my hair cut .	11	First person Singular
Cervantes , if you remember , goes to great lengths to convince the reader that he is not the author .	16	Third person Singular
Believe it or not , but the channel guide has been most helpful to my family members that visit and do n't know where to start when it comes to watching satellite tv .	28	Third person Singular
The chiro / acupuncturist will be there to evaluate the horse for wobblers which is often caused by spinal compression and can be confused with EPM .	14	Third person Singular
Please help us to help her win this fight .	2	First person Plural
Is it better to book a cruise online or by a travel agent ?	1	Third person Singular
· Engaging in social reciprocity and negotiation to keep us all pulling in the same direction .	9	First person Plural
that 's fine , i do n't want to see you either , i just need to make a cd .	4	First person Singular
I was gon na have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having Having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places I know are denny 's and ihop .	27	First person Singular
I 'll take it to my bank tomorrow morning , deposit it in my account , and give you the money when it clears .	23	Third person Singular
I was saddened to see the reviews that claimed World Hats Mart has poor service .	0	First person Singular
I was thinking Kenneally 's at around 5 .	0	First person Singular
Her reason is that it provides insufficient protection to American workers whose jobs and living standards it might harm .	5	Third person Singular
Was Schauble 's statement supposed to serve as a rallying cry for greater European solidarity ?	0	Third person Singular
Her neck pushes forward in vein - accentuating confrontation , her hands shake .	0	Third person Singular
It was Jefferson who said that the tree of liberty must occasionally be refreshed with the blood of patriots and tyrants .	1	First person Singular
The surprise is that we are surprised .	4	First person Plural
At age 80 he continues to write books ; his latest book , Hegemony or Survival , was a bestseller in non-fiction .	17	Third person Singular
New York was the nowhere he had built around himself , and he realized that he had no intention of ever leaving it again .	12	Third person Singular
But she was developing rapidly .	1	Third person Singular
I plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions committee that I can compete at the graduate level .	27	First person Singular
We were told by a detective and asked to check our credit for anything unusual .	0	First person Plural
It was incorporated as a city on May 26 , 1955 .	1	Third person Singular
I must confess I am totally surprised that the Commission was not aware of this report , given its sensitivity at this particular time .	18	Third person Singular
When the fence was first installed I would have given them five stars , now for their poor customer follow - up and unwillingness to fix the fence they have dropped to a one - star in my opinion !	3	Third person Singular
Iron is an essential element the body requires to produce hemoglobin , the protein found in red blood cells that 's responsible for transporting oxygen to tissues in the body .	20	Third person Singular
" Beijing may end up in a early 1990s Japan situation , where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them . "	30	Third person Plural
Harry knew instantly that this was what had been watching him out of the garden hedge that morning .	10	Third person Singular
My knowledge of the responsiveness of the Indian government to this storm is purely from the cyber space .	0	First person Singular
According to Wilkins , Warhol was able to reproduce the Polaroid photograph and create an enlargement of it , which he then could use to commit the image to the silk screen medium by applying paint or manipulating them further .	38	Third person Plural
And It 's Not Hard To Do .... IF You Know HOW .	1	Third person Singular
It does n't have a beach but boats to one of the nearby coral atolls with superb sandy beaches are easily available .	0	Third person Singular
I think we should be capable of saying this loud and clear .	0	First person Singular
I used to live at Meadowrun and that was a nightmare .	8	Third person Singular
The Macedonian eastern border with Thrace was now secured at the river Nestus ( Mesta ) .	6	Third person Singular
Okay , it 's partly about strippers and dope .	3	Third person Singular
We 'll have four bands , and Big D is cookin' ..... lots of fun and great prizes .	9	Third person Singular
He moved across the river to Southwark by 1599 , the year his company constructed the Globe Theatre there .	0	Third person Singular
" In our view , we did not believe we changed or made worse the financial situation .	5	First person Plural
My commitment to Rick Causey is that I will have that global report in production by the end of the year .	0	First person Singular
There is an emerging consensus that anthrax was contained in a letter to AMI , the publisher of the National Enquirer -- in a goofy love letter to Jennifer Lopez enclosing a Star of David and proposing marriage .	1	Third person Singular
That means they are fighting .	1	Third person Singular
Good , good for there , he mumbled , and then with a certain eagerness asked me whether I would let him measure my head .	16	First person Singular
His knowledge and expertise help smooth the way with any planning application , ensuring compliance with the building regulations .	0	Third person Singular
GOODWYN : Archibald says the frequency with which Mr. Bush discussed the subject was off - putting to him .	13	Third person Singular
It s been a few years since I have been to Ipanema .	7	First person Singular
Little evidence substantiates such stories other than hearsay collected after his death , and Shakeshafte was a common name in the Lancashire area .	2	Third person Singular
It is the attention to detail and the quality of the work taught at TomiPilates that sets this studio apart from the others .	16	Third person Singular
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they had n’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .	25	Third person Plural
However , despite their child 's severe illness , and her lack of improvement , the Sams continued to shun conventional medical treatment , instead seeking help from other homeopaths and naturopaths .	10	Third person Singular
We support the introduction of a European quality mark , which takes account of animal welfare and the environment .	0	First person Plural
It 's just not worth it .	5	Third person Singular
My friend John Auerbach comes up from Caesarea to see me .	10	First person Singular
The doctor , a woman I do n’t know , is sitting in the other chair .	5	First person Singular
One reader pointed out that the President watched the Americans in the embassy when they took them hostage .	14	Third person Plural
It 's a little hard to parse , but at this point his ostensible view is that the Gateses are very good money - redistributors , and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible .	27	Third person Singular
Yes , lovely creature , is n't she ?	5	Third person Singular
It 's a burgeoning neighborhood of performing arts ranging from nightclubs to music halls , avant-garde performance art , and even an improv theater company .	1	Third person Singular
I was very pleased to find my accommodations and the hotel staff to be a very calming and comforting part of my trip .	6	First person Singular
Unfortunately for the IMF , it now needs a slightly higher public profile to convince the US Congress to agree to some important reforms .	5	Third person Singular
Should China decide to retaliate against the US to defend its oil and natural gas deal with Iran , the US would be faced with a significant threat .	10	Third person Singular
Thomas Sam , 42 , and his wife Manju Sam , 36 , from Sydney , Australia , are undergoing trial for manslaughter by gross negligence for the death of their nine-month-old child , Gloria .	6	Third person Singular
Their hell is a personal dissatisfaction with themselves if they are mediocre . "	2	Third person Singular
When I arrived at Brickell Honda on 6/4/11 , I was greeted and attended to by the Sales Manager , Gustavo Guerra , in a very friendly and professional manner .	10	Third person Singular
Trust me and most especially trust and believe in yourself .	9	Second person Singular
This year it is very easy to make your contribution .	3	Third person Singular
i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs .	1	Third person Singular
People were arriving , and the younger one was walking back and forth introducing them .	14	Third person Plural
We should inspire more kids like you to like science .	0	First person Plural
I mean that was discussed in U.S arms control journals , that they would have to regard as a potential threat to their strategic deterrent , meaning as a first strike weapon .	12	Third person Plural
We are hopeful that we can post the complaint to the UCAN web site later today .	0	First person Plural
But I believe that we should do all we can to keep the transport of dangerous goods to a minimum , in all countries , whether they are transit countries or not .	26	Third person Plural
This was already a fresh departure for me .	1	First person Singular
Harry stood in the kitchen , clutching the mop for support as Uncle Vernon advanced on him , a demonic glint in his tiny eyes .	22	Third person Singular
I 'm just –	0	First person Singular
We are a little less reactionary .	0	First person Plural
Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress , Risk 2001 Australia , which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001 .	11	First person Singular
Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revising them as I am sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are .	12	Third person Singular
" Our new lunar transportation system utilizes a unique architecture that will establish the equivalent of a two - way highway between the Earth and the Moon , " Kistler told SPACE.com .	1	First person Plural
Say after I finished those 2 years and I found a job .	8	First person Singular
The church 's manuscript collection is the largest outside Soviet Armenia .	5	Third person Singular
We take the Wikipedia approach : if you think it should be better , please help it be so .	9	Third person Singular
Make sure he is n't trapped somewhere & put a bowl of food out .	3	Third person Singular
Has that gone anywhere or are the other possibilities you had better ?	0	Third person Singular
If the negotiations stall , it seems like I need to go ahead and cut off the utilities .	5	Third person Singular
Someone called to Vivien and they were drawn away from the dancers to a crowded table .	5	Third person Plural
He walked forward he stretched out his hand for the handle	6	Third person Singular
Note that the ratio of Skittles to vodka varies from recipe to recipe .	8	Third person Singular
Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers on their behalf .	16	Third person Plural
He checked out what I needed to have done told me what needed be fixed before he did any work and did great repair work .	10	First person Singular
Therefore , I need to know ASAP if there are any problems with the draft as written .	2	First person Singular
While skydiving , it is possible ( yet extremely unlikely ) that both your primary and reserve parachutes will malfunction , leaving you with no method of reducing your velocity .	4	Third person Singular
You had to hand it to them , thought Harry , as George took an ordinary hairpin from his pocket and started to pick the lock .	18	Third person Singular
because all of the food blogs I ve read say so and I will travel from maryland if that s true	12	First person Singular
I think that in this kind of structure there is a very gradual clarification of the relationship and the forth going on .	9	Third person Singular
The precise reasons vary from country to country – but many of them stem from entrenched cultural norms that prevent women from reaching their full potential .	12	Third person Plural
Al - Sharq al - Awsat reports that a key eyewitness in the trial of Saddam Hussein for a 1982 massacre at Dujail has died .	6	Third person Singular
But it is now official .	1	Third person Singular
Once you 're holding it , try to get her to touch / pet it ...	4	Third person Singular
But in my view it is highly significant .	4	Third person Singular
As he emerged from the subway and entered the great hall , he saw by the clock that it was just past four .	19	First person Singular
Rich was here before the scheduled time .	1	Third person Singular
I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .	2	Third person Singular
While we anticipate many new Analysts joining Enron this summer ( late May ) and fulltime ( August ) we felt it necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an Off - Cycle Recruiting event .	1	First person Plural
Not to mention the fact that they gave us our cats back not even 30 minutes after they were out from surgery .	17	Third person Plural
Or is it an expensive standard or prepayment tariff ?	1	Third person Singular
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one .	11	First person Plural
He recalled that she was less interested in details , such as staircases .	4	Third person Singular
To paraphrase Clausewitz , federalism for Putin is annexation by other means .	7	Third person Singular
If they smell strongly earlier , test with a wooden skewer ; if it returns clean after sticking into a cupcake , they 're ready .	1	Third person Plural
But we do not take the view that including a corresponding reference to this in a recital can produce that result .	1	First person Plural
How much money does the USA give NASA per year ?	3	Third person Singular
Today 's incident proves that Sharon has lost his patience and his hope in peace .	11	Third person Singular
" But he likes everyone .	3	Third person Singular
No doubt he was ; but he had been a couple of years already out there engaged in the noble cause , you know , and he probably felt the need at last of asserting his self-respect in some way .	3	First person Singular
I think he would be a good fit .	0	First person Singular
Because he liked making statues of David ! :D	1	Third person Singular
To prove that he was not a self-obsessed ingrate , he began to question Auster about his writing .	10	Third person Singular
Wikinews caught up with her in a cafe in the leafy Melbourne suburb of Preston .	4	Third person Singular
I wanted to try someplace new again .	0	First person Singular
" Ian is old friends with your teacher , from back when they were both with the survey .	12	Third person Plural
We had a fantastic time .	0	First person Plural
I was like Ummmm i can see your ass cheeks ... he was like Oops did i forget my Underwear ???	16	First person Singular
In the Oct. 31 letters , electricity producers told federal officials that if price caps were n't removed it would lead to a collapse of the energy market .	18	Third person Singular
My purpose was to stroll into the shade for a moment ; but no sooner within than it seemed to me I had stepped into a gloomy circle of some Inferno .	0	First person Singular
You still considering it ?	3	Third person Singular
Our first diagnosed EPM horse was back when there was no treatment in the US and only an experimental chicken feed additive in Canada .	9	Third person Singular
That way we 'll all be part of building a huge archive of cat pictures .	2	First person Plural
And I thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations , particularly in the context of something as serious as a US senatorial campaign , by talking about their drinking the night before .	3	Third person Singular
I always ask leave , in the interests of science , to measure the crania of those going out there , he said .	0	First person Singular
Overall , it is not a good solution , but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it .	30	Third person Singular
Declares himself emperor	1	Third person Singular
Why has there been no fire drill , either in the Brussels Parliament buildings or the Strasbourg Parliament buildings ?	1	Third person Singular
Well , I 'm about to graduate in less then a year , and I 'm planning to study medical school .	14	First person Singular
He was , he said , ' very , very uneasy . '	3	Third person Singular
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department .	0	First person Singular
Lay a Twister mat on the floor and ask people if they want to play .	11	Third person Plural
I was gon na have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having Having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places I know are denny 's and ihop .	13	Third person Singular
In 1893 , Higuchi , her mother and her sister abandoned their middle class house and , with a grim determination to survive , moved to a poor neighborhood where they opened a stationery store that before long failed .	30	Third person Plural
i reccomend you to go and enjoy their wonderful hospitality .	0	First person Singular
He was a big supporter of You Know Who .	1	First person Singular
On March 13 , Professor Chomsky sat down with Michael Dranove for an interview in his MIT office in Cambridge , Massachusetts .	15	Third person Singular
He and his master dragged me to my room and held judgment upon me as a convicted traitress .	0	Third person Singular
She wandered down to the herb garden and brought back a branch of dill ;	0	Third person Singular
She maintained contact all round her as they danced , talking over his shoulder to this one , putting out a broad calloused brown foot in a gold sandal to nudge that one in the calf .	7	Third person Plural
Whether they pay me or not , if their parents get into an accident , stuck in traffic , etc. THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WAS N'T PAID .	8	Third person Plural
The problem with this argument is that Bush lacked the experience necessary to be president when he ran in 2000 , so this sort of cheap shot just hoists him by his own petard .	5	Third person Singular
From the AP comes this story :	3	Third person Singular
I could have shared with you some fascinating facts and some personal thoughts about the Israeli - Arab conflict .	0	First person Singular
Well there ’s no defense against Soviet aggression , so whether you believe that doctrine or not that ’s gone .	18	Third person Singular
This right to love and form a family is so fundamental that our United States Constitution takes it for granted in its dedication to " secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity . ”	21	Third person Singular
11 . In Events of Default , clause ( a ) refers to a dispute section which I 'm not sure exists .	17	First person Singular
A variety of Germanic and major Slavic tribes crossed through Moravia during the Migration Period before Slavs established themselves in the 6th century AD .	18	Third person Plural
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines ( physical and financial ) for the London traders .	3	First person Singular
He felt it was his business not to frequent society but to create it .	13	Third person Singular
( We check in early afternoon and we fly next day . )	1	First person Plural
Our window panes were so dirty that they needed a specialist to come and clean them .	0	First person Plural
only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine .	11	Third person Singular
At no time during the conversation did the words , " I 'm sorry " ever come out of his mouth .	11	First person Singular
He crossed the lawn , slumped down on the garden bench , and sang under his breath : " Happy birthday to me . happy birthday to me "	0	Third person Singular
Nida then sets forth the differences in translation , as he would account for it , within three basic factors :	10	Third person Singular
I live 10 minutes from Cycle City , but I Drove 50 mile south to Peachstate Powersports in LaGrange , dealt with the owner , Levi , and was well taken care of .	28	First person Singular
On one level , it works as an amiable , unpretentious heartwarmer that seems tailor - made for Sunday afternoon viewing .	4	Third person Singular
This is not a rip - off , it is decent ; it 's legal ; and it is virtually no risk - it really works !!	17	Third person Singular
Roly was a bachelor and his house was the particular mixture of tranquil luxury and unchangeable dreariness that is a condition of households where white men live indulged in the sole charge of black male servants .	18	Third person Singular
I 'm getting a 10 gallon for my betta tomorrow and I just want to know how to properly set it up .	7	First person Singular
She talked about ' weaning those ignorant millions from their horrid ways ' , till , upon my word , she made me quite uncomfortable .	17	First person Singular
I have written a lot recently about healing the self so today here are a few words on healing our collective body , mind and soul .	19	First person Plural
But now I had to get ready to go with him to the lion fountain , where most of the others were gathered .	10	Third person Singular
It is busy every day at lunch for a reason , the service is fast and the food is great .	0	Third person Singular
Dr. Fortier , an orthodontist , learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of Baffin Island in July 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall .	30	Third person Singular
And how 's your father ?	2	Third person Singular
50 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 15 October 2003 .	11	Third person Singular
As you see below , she is pulling those together .	5	Third person Singular
They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they " do as they wilt " .	13	Third person Plural
I think the first step is a call between yourself , me , Mark Stubley and Mike Indivero .	0	First person Singular
So my true question comes to this , how can I knock the rat out ?	1	First person Singular
More recently , he erred in accepting a transportation bill that had huge flaws and huge tax increases , rather than prioritizing spending and seeking more rational , efficient , decentralized transportation decision-making .	3	Third person Singular
It ’s another low-grade moment of horror , but I think about that particular time with my mother because Renata was there and we were united , she and I .	20	Third person Singular
Let her explore when we moved my cat had to explore the entire house before she felt comfortable .	1	Third person Singular
The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming , and makes me more grateful for the blessings I have .	15	First person Singular
I also plan on retaking the GMAT test .	0	First person Singular
As the counterman swung into action , he spoke over his shoulder to Quinn .	10	Third person Singular
You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment , but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you .	19	Third person Singular
Pike 's concern is based on China 's development of a new medium - lift rocket , the Long March V , and the construction of a new space launch complex on Hainan Island in the South China Sea .	3	Third person Singular
therefore , it may be helpful to focus your efforts on opening your reserve parachute .	2	Third person Singular
Third , with the " new age " Efrem Zimbalist , Jr. in charge of the investigation , it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security .	22	First person Plural
The first night I dreamed of seeing a stray dog and not stopping to pick it up although it was wandering in an empty parking lot near a busy road .	3	First person Singular
These countries ' global economic and financial significance has grown rapidly , yet they have relatively little representation at the Fund .	8	Third person Singular
I am 21 , so yeah we were both kids when we knew each other !	6	First person Plural
That 's my favorite show of all time .	2	First person Singular
‘’ Pakistan now has a large force deployed in Baluchistan which was not there before , ’’ says Lt. General David Barno .	3	Third person Singular
I am pleased to confirm that the Commission has received the report to which the honourable Member refers .	8	Third person Singular
The island provides a home to eleven indigenous bird species and contains Mt. Talau national park , with some of the limited remaining native vegetation .	2	Third person Singular
I am vacation until the 22nd but Per is up to speed and I would like to make sure that you keep up with him and any HR / Legal activity that may occur .	1	First person Singular
I was playing a video game that has a m 16 Vietnam model , and in the game it 's 3 - shot burst .	18	Third person Singular
While other may be ok waiting in line at Town Bagel we are happy with the quality and service we get at Family Bagels	19	First person Plural
A simple formality assured me the secretary , with an air of taking an immense part in all my sorrows .	4	First person Singular
He said to his wife , Mweta 's invited me to come back as their guest .	9	First person Singular
We support Mr Martin 's report and we say one thing : quality not quantity !	7	First person Plural
Just be sure to follow through with your deadline rather than ignoring it when your alarm finally goes off .	12	Third person Singular
I 've simply lost track !	0	First person Singular
Alright , so my dad had been wanting me to check my e mail for a few days but I never got around to it .	11	First person Singular
Who are we ?	2	First person Plural
Abby has three wonderful young children , and friends who love her and need her .	11	Third person Singular
I have many fond memories of my college evenings there long ago .	0	First person Singular
F-E focuses attention on the message itself , in both form and content .	6	Third person Singular
I have used Just Like Family several times now and they have provided great care for my two dogs .	0	First person Singular
I really want to go to andiamo s for my birthday and i was just wondering how much it would cost for the four of us to eat there	0	First person Singular
It was a wrong number that started it , the telephone ringing three times in the dead of night , and the voice on the other end asking for someone he was not .	31	First person Singular
1596 , dating from the Saffavid era , the avenue is the most historically famous in all of Persia .	10	Third person Singular
It is often said that politicians , diplomats and perhaps also lawyers and business people must sometimes lie , as part of their professional life .	22	Third person Plural
I got a riding lesson today on one of my boss 's fino horses and it made me realize just how unsteady my left leg is .	9	First person Singular
Please let me know what type of statement I should make back to the customer .	8	First person Singular
This was heavily promoted by the Australasian Radiation Protection Society in a press release titled THE MYTHS OF CHERNOBYL which contained the following :	1	Third person Singular
EDIT : I love how she says it 's not callum but does n't deny it 's me .... i think we all know who she 's talking about ...	17	First person Singular
One of the manifestations of their racism is the rejection towards Japanese Yoko Ono .	5	Third person Plural
Also , if you can think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year , please let me know .	24	First person Singular
Having mice in your home is both a nuisance and a health hazard .	5	Third person Singular
I am intrigued by the competition for trading platforms and was astonished to hear that Goldman , Morgan , BP and Shell were going to launch a site to compete with yours .	10	Third person Singular
One suspects that earlier reviewer works for another laundry .	5	Third person Singular
We have had many conversations with them and they have always been extremely patient with me as I tried on multiple hats in search of the right costumes for my magic act .	17	First person Singular
My family loves coming to Endo Sushi . They are very nice , it is never crowded , and the food is wonderful , very delicious and fresh !	2	Third person Singular
The area attracts many humpback whales between June and November and there are lots of companies organising tours to see them .	20	Third person Plural
Two months ago I had to have an operation for a serious complaint .	3	First person Singular
YES I am sure , well , she says , is that ON 17th STREET .	1	First person Singular
Have they , however , actually weakened Israeli security ?	1	Third person Plural
We might even call these exit instant snap shots , the self selfie .	0	First person Plural
Ok , I know that Mcdonald 's has Monopoly going on right now .	2	First person Singular
He was quite alone , but where he was , he had no idea .	0	Third person Singular
AND they 're usually able to help you as a walk - in , and they 're fast .	15	Third person Plural
As he turned the question over in his mind , it occurred to him that he no longer had an opinion .	13	Third person Singular
The point is -- FHS gives you the opportunity to make it to a good college , but you need to work hard .	11	Third person Singular
Greek court has ruled that worshippers of the ancient Greek religion may now formally associate and worship at archeological sites .	2	Third person Singular
I ended up paying much more .	0	First person Singular
Dr. Ruona , if you read this , thank you for helping me get more healthy .	12	First person Singular
No , it does not mean that .	3	Third person Singular
International law does not know how to deal with a leader of murderers who is royally and comfortably hosted by a country , which pretends to condemn his acts or just claims to be too weak to arrest him .	2	Third person Singular
this is not where the Blue Water Bridge Duty Free is located .	10	Third person Singular
Wish they could see famous Harry Potter now , he thought savagely , as he spread manure on the flower beds , his back aching , sweat running down his face .	14	Third person Singular
It was this scar that made Harry so particularly unusual , even for a wizard .	1	First person Singular
The Commission set out the basic ideas for the protection of the euro in a Communication it published as early as 1998 [ 1 ] .	16	Third person Singular
Madam President , can you tell me why this Parliament does not adhere to the health and safety legislation that it actually passes ?	20	Third person Singular
" It looks awful , does n't it ? "	5	Third person Singular
She is caring , punctual , and very enthusiastic about her job !	1	Third person Singular
In this day and age , it is so rare to find a company with such nice workers and such far ranging guarantee policies .	6	Third person Singular
With a smirk on her face she told me NO MONEY IS BEING RETURNED and THAT IS THE WAY IT WAS .	16	Third person Singular
' I hastened to assure him I was not in the least typical .	1	First person Singular
In Biloxi , 30 people were reported dead in one block of flats which was hit by a 9 m ( 30 ft ) " storm surge " .	14	Third person Singular
She basically said if the children getting off the bus are n't paying to enter her building she was going to let them wander around the streets .	17	Third person Singular
As a consequence , he could never be sure of any of it .	4	Third person Singular
13 - Number of vacation days the average American receives each Year .	9	Third person Singular
If there is no male they are probably infertile !	5	Third person Plural
It was full - time work .	1	Third person Singular
And being dehydrated , vomiting , and having diarrhea just does n't feel good .	10	Third person Singular
Take note of how they act , talk , and use their social status .	4	Third person Plural
The joint debate is closed .	3	Third person Singular
Snowman would jump the high fencing that separated the two properties and always return to where he felt was home .	16	Third person Singular
But they have n't been up to anything extraordinary as far as I can see in recent weeks .	1	Third person Plural
Wright has a brother , Oscar , who is a comic book artist , contributing storyboards , conceptual art and promotional pictures for Edgar 's films .	1	Third person Singular
She certainly was n't ' forced ' to be there .	2	Third person Singular
Although they are now sedentary ( with the young using cell phones , etc. ) , they maintain many of their old customs , traditions and beliefs .	16	Third person Plural
If the baby is feathered yet - which I 'm sure he is mostly - he should be fine .	8	First person Singular
However , when you get off that aeroplane , if you have n't pre-organised transport , you will have to walk , and it is a long way into town .	23	Third person Singular
My opinion - take it for what it 's worth … :-)	0	First person Singular
Keep his cage open and go on your computer , or read a book , etc and maybe he will come out to you .	1	Third person Singular
If Abbas keeps up this " macho talk " he will kill potential peace talks and might as well allow Hamas ( which has probably done a better job at providing for the Palestinians ) rule the West Bank .	23	Third person Singular
Oh , did you ? he laughed .	5	Third person Singular
i have tried putting him in a small container and putting him in a dark place for an hour or so and he wo n't touch the pinky .	11	Third person Singular
The problem with this argument is that Bush lacked the experience necessary to be president when he ran in 2000 , so this sort of cheap shot just hoists him by his own petard .	29	Third person Singular
i have a Mature male and female they are together a lot but never laid eggs as far as i know can anyone help me figure out how to make them mate	19	First person Singular
“ Do n’t you quote the founders at me , ” Derya snaps .	8	First person Singular
They will be there by noon on the 20th , and the surgery will last 1.5 hours and then they 'll watch him for 2 more hours before they put him into ICU .	22	Third person Singular
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	19	Third person Singular
You made a choice to be a mommy , you do nt get a break until they move out , that s the choice that you madea and that 's life .	21	Third person Singular
They have undoubtedly recognized their failure in the Arab world and may even be preparing to reopen diplomatic relations with Israel .	0	Third person Plural
Is the distinction accurate and valid ?	0	Third person Singular
If al - Qaeda can kill Musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by Islamist junior officers , they can hope to catapult the MMA to power as political allies and hosts .	13	Third person Singular
I have my paralegal gathering the pleadings Enron requested .	0	First person Singular
And his apartment is so run down down I 'm afraid roaches might be crawling over the baby .	3	Third person Singular
Please check out my who let the dog out blog .	3	First person Singular
If you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .	24	First person Plural
The declaration is optional but is recommended in any XML document .	5	Third person Singular
There are limited resources for public health and we must see to it that they are exploited effectively .	8	First person Plural
You ca n't but here 's an update : The doctor is about to discover the affair between her husband and Jo ( who has become her new best friend ) .	5	Third person Singular
She died from infection caused by severe eczema after they shunned effective conventional medical treatments for homeopathy , a form of alternative medicine that has been described as pseudoscience .	9	Third person Plural
I agree with what the concern is below .	6	Third person Singular
Please let me know if this sounds good , and if you have any question , please ask .	6	Third person Singular
When I was a little girl , he did that often , and called me Muscles .	2	Third person Singular
If the data access page includes any Microsoft Office Web Components ( a PivotTable list , chart , or spreadsheet ) , only users with a valid Microsoft Office 2002 license will be able to use those components .	5	Third person Singular
If I were , said I , I would n't be talking like this with you .	7	First person Singular
This is unlikely as they said that even the first training item was said well .	1	Third person Singular
because i have read that there are times it s not available .	8	Third person Singular
Which is why he did n't say we 're at war with Islamic people .	3	Third person Singular
You can also provide the schema to other businesses and applications so that they know how they should structure any data they provide to you and they , in turn , can provide their schema to you .	26	Third person Plural
This was the body that Bush proclaimed was bringing " stability " to the region in fall of 1999 .	7	Third person Singular
Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources i ve been looking at ?	1	Third person Singular
Before treatment , my food cravings were " out of control " which caused me to be stressed out .	14	First person Singular
Madam President , I would also like to thank Mrs Bonino wholeheartedly for her work on behalf of the women in Kabul .	13	Third person Singular
Although , I do n't think that scary movies will affect pets for a long time ; I am sure they 'll forget sometime -- or am I wrong ?	26	First person Singular
The Chernobyl Children 's Project ( http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp ) offers several ways to help the children of that region .	8	Third person Singular
And I would not want the opposite view to arise through any misunderstanding in the present report .	1	First person Singular
I do n't know where this stands officially ( I have n't heard any developments since Amsterdam ) but I can find out from Bob Pickle if you want .	19	First person Singular
The Hydor SlimSkim Nano is a good nano protein skimmer , it 's an in - tank design that could easily sit in your sump .	12	Third person Singular
Nobody pays someone to keep their horse in shape and rides once a week , then takes all the ribbons at the show because their horse is good .	1	Third person Singular
Her 1981 album Wild West was one of her biggest sellers .	5	Third person Singular
He did n't have my number either because this was the first time I 've called HIM instead of his dad .	19	Third person Singular
Mankind , Nation and Individual : from a linguistic point of view ( 1925 ) is one of the pioneering works on Sociolinguistics .	15	Third person Singular
A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated : will NBC have its best sports broadcasters following the event after having worked the Winter Olympics ?	4	Third person Singular
But I still wanted to push against his hand and put my hand in his pocket and steal the leather palmed glove , that secret animal .	7	Third person Singular
Magazines constantly change their policy on it ; they want it , they do n't want it ...	16	Third person Singular
My Snake 's meal is TOO big , what can I do ?	10	First person Singular
I 'll be in around 1000	0	First person Singular
I met him last week at the meeting of the Science and Industry Advance with Mathematics society at the University of Houston .	2	Third person Singular
It ’s limitless , and you ’ll see that the GNP of Israel is very close to the Saudis ’ .	13	Third person Singular
He was hare in pursuit of the tortoise , and again and again he had to remind himself to hold back .	13	Third person Singular
Everyone was pleasant and very helpful .	1	Third person Singular
You and I could go over to Shea tomorrow and get hired as the top two starters .	2	First person Singular
My husband just got a bike there as a gift he 's only had it a month .	0	First person Singular
Yet another amendment is aimed at simplification , taking references to the tank to include its accessories as a matter of course .	15	Third person Singular
I know New York pizza and this is not it !!	0	First person Singular
and you ! said Mrs Weasley , but it was with a slightly softened expression that she started cutting Harry bread and buttering it for him .	16	Third person Singular
In her humble home she was visited by other writers , students of poetry , admirers , the curious , critics , and editors requesting her collaboration .	25	Third person Singular
It is a place in Argentina lol	1	Third person Singular
my experience with them was great - low stress , very helpful and very personal .	0	First person Singular
I salute him for all he has done in this area .	5	Third person Singular
Mushrooms produce strong antibiotics .	0	Third person Singular
It will analyze emerging proposals for effective transmission planning and pricing , including market - based pricing alternatives to FERC 's traditional pricing methods .	0	Third person Singular
The inscription on it was fading away , so I should set it down here as it was then , and ask my readers to ponder it :	26	Third person Singular
My neck is fixed !.	0	First person Singular
I think it 's a combination of the beauty , of the imagination , of the freedom .	3	Third person Singular
But now we have an entire new set .	2	First person Plural
I 'm going to assume that you did n't get around to it .	0	First person Singular
‘’ Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , ” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan ’s National Security Directorate . ]	4	First person Plural
According to Wilkins , Warhol was able to reproduce the Polaroid photograph and create an enlargement of it , which he then could use to commit the image to the silk screen medium by applying paint or manipulating them further .	17	Third person Singular
The moves themselves are relatively straightforward , but the positing , the timing , and the elegance required takes a lifetime of practice .	18	Third person Singular
I would add setoff language .	0	First person Singular
her long curly hair had sprung out , diademed with raindrops , because she had done her marshmallow toasting outside over the spit fire .	13	Third person Singular
I love to play with that and I am always looking for muses that fit that bill because it is so interesting making a collection when I find one .	19	Third person Singular
One little boy stands up and offers that , " if my best friend who lives next door was playing in the street when a car came along and killed him , that would be a tragedy " .	30	Third person Singular
I wonder what becomes of that kind when it goes up country ?	9	Third person Singular
As it turns out , there is some truth in both perspectives .	2	Third person Singular
I 'm not fond of the Google - hates - privacy argument	0	First person Singular
I was kind of curious , what exactly is Guild Wars ?	8	Third person Singular
The answer is , " Yes ! "	2	Third person Singular
I think he left the Nail out of the shoe as a excuse to come back and see you hey he may be your Prince charming ..	0	First person Singular
it 's not me is it !?	4	Third person Singular
She was , after all ( in the true sense of after all that had gone before ) an Englishwoman .	0	Third person Singular
This particular chair is designed to help with back problems , which she has .	3	Third person Singular
That said , when we started out I did n't know the difference between the GNU Free Document License and my California Driver 's license .	7	First person Singular
He makes some good observations on a few of the pic's .	0	Third person Singular
2 - Percentage of the world 's population that is British .	9	Third person Singular
The best pizza ever i m fat so i ve had a ton of pizza other than pizza from chicago it s the best	4	First person Singular
Later , historical studies show that what actually happened was devoid of anything like such intelligence .	9	First person Singular
Anyway , I 'm sure my Mom told you guys but Travis and Kathy got to meet him and I think it went well .	21	Third person Singular
only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine .	8	Third person Singular
Gloria temporarily improved during the rare times they used conventional treatments , but they soon dropped them in favour of homeopathy , and she consistently worsened .	23	Third person Singular
My mom told me how to tame them and I was very happy with the results .	0	First person Singular
Quinn had his doubts , but this was all he had to go on , his only bridge to the present .	9	Third person Singular
I received a report from HR and it appears there is conflicting information regarding some of the titles for various employees .	0	First person Singular
I began seeing Dr. Romanick back in 2000 and have seen a significant decline in the quality of care , patient - doctor communication , and just the overall level of services .	0	First person Singular
The absence of his name from the 1605 cast list for Jonson 's Volpone is taken by some scholars as a sign that his acting career was nearing its end .	26	Third person Singular
* gasps * So I would n't make a good prostitute ?	1	Third person Singular
They said it was " plugs and wires " and quoted me $ 330 to do the work , including parts .	0	Third person Plural
It remained the only thorough introduction to the field for decades and is still valuable for its many examples and exercises .	12	Third person Singular
Yeah , he 's smart . But he talks too much .	2	Third person Singular
Women defy the laws of purse-space , so when it comes to bib pockets , the sky is the limit .	17	Third person Singular
Following enlargement , this type of activity is likely to develop further , which is also in line with the recommendation of the Pericles evaluator .	14	Third person Singular
The problem is that customers attracted by a simple interface are among the least loyal you can find -- witness the fight - for - fewest - features between low - end camera companies .	2	Third person Singular
It has seen a period of decline between the 1960s and the more recent past .	0	Third person Singular
My favorite part is going up hill and cantering :)	0	First person Singular
( Print it out or download it )	2	Third person Singular
I think this entity should stay with 83N .	0	First person Singular
I 'm just trying to make up my mind whether I should move to Australia or seek work in the sex industry .	0	First person Singular
Nevertheless , his keen insight regarding working-class conditions earned him the esteem of many Socialists and Marxists .	9	Third person Singular
I have no doubt that the rescue is wonderful .	7	Third person Singular
This is where the payoff comes in , what makes the joke succeed or fail .	5	Third person Singular
How much could it possibly cost ?	3	Third person Singular
For a split second , Uncle Vernon stood framed in the doorway ; then he let out a bellow like an angry bull and dived at Harry , grabbing him by the ankle .	14	Third person Singular
i would n't bother with yoga i 'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem , ride bareback , with no irons , there s also a way to ride on your knees ?	6	First person Singular
She has some big presentation mid-January .	0	Third person Singular
And this also , said Marlow suddenly , has been one of the dark places of the earth .	8	Third person Singular
Do you think it was an appropriate form of satire for Dan Savage to popularize the definition of the santorum neologism created in his advice column ?	3	Third person Singular
I 'm a soccer mom so I was n't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear .	11	First person Singular
He 's great !	1	Third person Singular
The report is also imprudent in introducing issues not included in the mandate given by the Conference of Presidents .	2	Third person Singular
The employees do n't really seem to enjoy what they are doing and it shows .	13	Third person Singular
I am very artistic so I decided I was going to make her a giraffe sculpture .	12	Third person Singular
" Large as Balzac is , he is all of one piece and he hangs perfectly together .	7	Third person Singular
What we are trying to do is solicit votes for the band , in order to put them in first place .	17	Third person Plural
The debris formed a ring around the Earth 's equator and was eventually drawn together by gravity to form the moon .	11	Third person Singular
The first night I dreamed of seeing a stray dog and not stopping to pick it up although it was wandering in an empty parking lot near a busy road .	19	Third person Singular
When he started out his poems were about beating drums , and blow , bugle , blow .	4	Third person Singular
So i booked the lesson and loved it .	1	First person Singular
I would recommend her highly !	0	First person Singular
It 's possible that people at the turn of the century were saying " land of the kike " and that Faulkner did n't borrow it from Cummings .	1	Third person Singular
He was dehydrated when he got there and lost weight .	0	Third person Singular
I think he could 've done more to assuage my concerns by giving me concrete facts .	9	First person Singular
With Bush , the aggressive militarism of the Bush administration , as predicted , induced Russia to extend further its offensive military capacity ; it ’s still going on right now .	24	Third person Singular
Neither was this day less fortunate to his father Philip ; for on the same day he took Potidea ; >> - JOHN AUBREY , F.R.S.	1	Third person Singular
In some parts of the city , numbered streets intersect , so the distinction is important .	14	Third person Singular
It is located southeast of Puerto Rico .	0	Third person Singular
Quinn wanted to drop the conversation right there , but something in him persisted .	12	Third person Singular
Teachers good Diverse student body ( African - American , Asian , ect. ) equals kids staying here !	14	Third person Singular
The appropriate forum for the settlement of this dispute is the World Trade Organisation .	9	Third person Singular
Extensive drink list and daily specials but wish they had a bit more on their food menu , although popcorn is a nice touch !	8	Third person Plural
What is long term viability ?	1	Third person Singular
I 've been given the opportunity to live in Limerick , Ireland , next year as part of my course .. if you know about Limerick , what are the pros and cons ?	18	First person Singular
That 's a tragedy for those populations , but it 's also a tragedy for the people eating them because they don't know that that 's toxic meat .	10	Third person Singular
Great experience - consider checking out their puppies before buying from a breeder !	6	Third person Plural
Doctor Hank is Amazing	2	Third person Singular
Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources i ve been looking at ?	7	Third person Singular
The ever increasing volume of goods passing through Europe entails all kinds of risks , known and unknown , for employees and the social environment .	9	Third person Singular
Dr. Taylor was not only available on a Sunday , but also was able to immediately take care of me .	12	Third person Singular
Going way out , dark matter conforms to the same mycelial archetype .	6	Third person Singular
Why is the city called Miramar ?	1	Third person Singular
I was told to leave a restaurant because I ordered water with my meal ( apparently this is " washing down " your food " ) and not ordering wine .	17	Third person Singular
Warren Buffett is giving away 85 % of his wealth , mostly to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation .	8	Third person Singular
The old one sat on her chair .	5	Third person Singular
Here is the link to the latest commercial laptops on the market , I will follow up with the consumer models .	13	First person Singular
Five minutes before my initial lesson , I got a call from Gerry advising me of his arrival and to come down as soon as I was ready .	25	First person Singular
If I can get a few minutes with Mark H. today , I 'm going to propose that I speak to Stan Klimberg about getting this signed before Thursday 's meeting with LIPA .	1	First person Singular
In 1770 , his brother Prince Henry , Duke of Cumberland and Strathearn , was exposed as an adulterer , and the following year Cumberland married a young widow , Anne Horton .	14	Third person Singular
I choose Console Pros and I 'm happy I did .	0	First person Singular
If there is no male they are probably infertile !	2	Third person Singular
The 99 - tonne cache of AK47s was to have been secretly flown out from a US base in Bosnia .	7	Third person Singular
His official biography also claims that Kim composed six operas and enjoys staging elaborate musicals .	4	Third person Singular
It is funny what some people will do for a few francs a month .	1	Third person Singular
But Bout 's name is n't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives , before it sinks like so many others beneath the media 's frothing triviality .	15	Third person Singular
Please do visit us and feel free to browse the site at www.southbhamcats.org.uk	3	First person Plural
By this time , extravagant spending and a string of bad investments by her investors had left her nearly broke .	13	Third person Singular
Both my grandparents passed away 4 months apart and Mike was very understanding .	10	Third person Singular
It has a population of about 750,000 , and is the largest city in the Yucatán Peninsula .	9	Third person Singular
My style is compassionate , nonjudgmental , and caring .	0	First person Singular
Of course you 'll come back to us now !	7	First person Plural
The price spikes pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need and want an easy way out .	10	Third person Singular
they have their own website which you can easily find using any search engine .	2	Third person Plural
The McCutchan Art Center / Pace Galleries at USI bases its exhibit around roughly 100 Polaroids selected from its collection .	10	Third person Singular
Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !	20	Third person Singular
New York was the nowhere he had built around himself , and he realized that he had no intention of ever leaving it again .	9	Third person Singular
Which airlines should I look into and when should I buy my ticket ?	9	First person Singular
Judge Hughes wrote : ` government knowingly used false evidence against him , ' concluding ` honesty comes hard to government . '	17	Third person Singular
He stomped flat-footed from the room .	0	Third person Singular
The sample includes our " caveat " , so it should be fine .	9	Third person Singular
As I mentioned in my voice mail , Mike Roberts going to hire Sara Woody , a recent MBA grad from Rice , into his group .	4	First person Singular
The President will be expecting me to have come for you with the Mercedes , but , honestly , if I 'd have waited to get it I would have turned up I do n't know when .	20	First person Singular
I realize that it may sound strange , but we are desparate in our efforts and are willing to try anything to help our dear sick friend .	23	First person Plural
She was staggered by the loss last year to the Cardinals .	0	Third person Singular
he has been " biting " at her neck and stomach previously while they play without her meowing or anything so i m wondering if he went a little to far that one time .	7	Third person Singular
And yet he goes on to say , Quinn added , that Cid Hamete Benengali 's is the only true version of Don Quixote 's story .	2	Third person Singular
I say this remembering that Jacques Maritain once characterized European anti-Semitism of the twentieth century as an attempt to get rid of the moral burden of Christianity .	0	First person Singular
At any rate , there is still quite a lot of circumvention and evasion in this area by the Member States .	5	Third person Singular
it s great to know you can get great service , great product , and for the best price all in one !	0	Third person Singular
I do n't want to waste my time with them .	9	Third person Plural
They might want to change the name to reflect the new yorkedness of the pizza , scrummy yummy sounds gimmicky to me .	21	First person Singular
It arrests us .	1	Third person Singular
My real problem is with literalist fundamentalists , of any religion .	3	Third person Singular
Even a little time spent receiving wholesome , uncontaminated food , good medical care , etc. can add years to their lives .	20	Third person Plural
And that ad had pulled so many girls , because they -- I think they all thought that nice girls do n't do this .	14	Third person Plural
At just 20 , she is a strong voice against bullying and a positive one in helping girls embrace their own standards of beauty .	5	Third person Singular
She says that about me , to my mother .	1	Third person Singular
It differs from the western portion of the country in that its prominent topographic features do not parallel the coast .	1	Third person Singular
For one brief instant Quinn thought , So this is what detective work is like . But other than that he thought nothing .	13	Third person Singular
You people think it is race , but it is not .	9	Third person Singular
That is an utterly ridiculous assumption .	1	Third person Singular
Here 's the info for calling in -- thanks !	1	Third person Singular
giving the new kitten her own small territory will help her to feel safe and will give her a place to go to when scared .	10	Third person Singular
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be reliable , but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete .	22	Third person Singular
To start we tried the guacamole and salsa verde , it was completly flavorless .	11	Third person Singular
I do n’t dream about Renata , although when the dreams wake me up , it ’s thinking about Renata that keeps me awake .	0	First person Singular
Do we have someone who is watching this out there ?	1	First person Plural
Can somebody give me the names some collages that do post 18 ( degrees or foundation degrees ) in either :	16	Third person Singular
It 's also fuelled the emergence of modern high - rises -- like the visionary MahaNakhon , Bangkok 's tallest building .	0	Third person Singular
This is no reason to dislike her .	1	Third person Singular
being accepted with such immediate casual friendliness by everyone was rather like being forced to learn a foreign language by finding oneself alone among people who spoke nothing else :	9	First person Singular
We are so disappointed because we have dropped six points playing at home .	5	First person Plural
Their selection is random , so what they have on a given week might never be available again at the store .	7	Third person Plural
from start to finish they were top notch .	4	Third person Plural
Ron 's magic wand was lying on top of a fish tank full of frog spawn on the window-sill , next to his fat grey rat , Scabbers , who was snoozing in a patch of sun .	30	First person Singular
" Rode from Ramlah to Lydda , " Herman Melville wrote in his travel journal of 1857 .	12	Third person Singular
The Comédie Humaine remained unfinished at the time of his death - Balzac had plans to include numerous other books , most of which he never started .	24	Third person Singular
He is delighted to be here , and he is suffering the one activates the other .	8	Third person Singular
It is a limestone island with heights up to 213 m in the west .	0	Third person Singular
Professor Eastman said he is alarmed by what they found .	3	Third person Singular
So I say : I 'm at the Radison Warwick hotel in Rittenhouse Square ( built in 1926 ) do you deliver to the Warwick ?	4	First person Singular
I thought that I had gained my cockatiel 's trust , but now he 's not coming to me when I open his cage .	13	Third person Singular
I am well aware that this was also the aim of Parliament 's work .	1	First person Singular
So my true question comes to this , how can I knock the rat out ?	10	First person Singular
Still , you have a better chance of some peace and quiet , and the weather can be surprisingly better in April and September than in mid-July – again , it ’s all part of the uncertainty principle .	31	Third person Singular
I am being told by my better half that we need to get an accurate head count of who will be attending our wedding .	22	First person Plural
How can we license individual operators if we do not make that separation ?	7	First person Plural
The receptionist of " Hand made " , the former film making company of George Harrison said : " we do n't have any relation with that man anymore and we do n't want to know anything about him " .	19	First person Plural
Although it is often alleged ( without much evidence ) that Saddam Hussein gave money to the families of Palestinian suicide bombers and so encouraged asymmetrical warfare , it is not clear that he actually posed a danger to Israel .	1	Third person Singular
Gazing out across the valley and then calmly at him , she had her look of wanting to find out exactly what they were talking about .	11	Third person Singular
I slipped through one of these cracks , went up a swept and ungarnished staircase , as arid as a desert , and opened the first door I came to .	0	First person Singular
The introduction of interim targets increases the predictability of the policy , allows for accommodating product development cycles and facilitates long term planning for interested parties .	19	Third person Singular
She puts mayonnaise on aspirin . ( <- clearly the winner )	1	Third person Singular
It 's terrible when I sing the old chants from home but it 's not so bad in English – English is such a rough-sounding language anyway .	21	Third person Singular
Quality is estimated to be a Mars type crude with 25 - 27 API Gravity and 1.5 - 2.0 % sulfur .	1	Third person Singular
What follows is the text of an e-mail sent to me by a friend of mine ( thanks to Dave Manzano ) .	2	Third person Singular
I 'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually , I 'm sure I do n't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me .	4	First person Plural
The Archbishop is really very handsome , with his full cheeks , his long clear dark-green eyes , and the short strong beard .	8	Third person Singular
Then she gave him work to do , with the promise he would n't eat again until he 'd finished .	17	Third person Singular
It is like a mini tablet itself !	6	Third person Singular
I copy this out for my own entertainment a specimen of illusionless American political analysis .	5	First person Singular
She , her mother , and younger sister made ends meet by doing needlework , washing , and other jobs .	2	Third person Singular
What she ’s saying and what she ’s doing , it — actually , it ’s unbelievable .	6	Third person Singular
She was bony and rough-skinned and bent like an old crow , with a blue silk scarf and hanks of hair as black as soot .	1	Third person Singular
There 's no reason to be nervous when it comes to IM flirting —	9	Third person Singular
He later said that by 2 months he " meant at least two months " .	0	Third person Singular
That the Iraqi Islamic Party is now contemplating leaving the Allawi government raises the question of whether a mass Sunni Arab boycott of the elections is in the offing , thus fatally weakening the legitimacy of any new government .	25	Third person Singular
Here is a great list of different restaurants in San Francisco	1	Third person Singular
I said I was going to trash it also and could I at least have a credit .	3	First person Singular
He had just the faintest blush , and said modestly , I 've been teaching one of the native women about the station .	0	Third person Singular
I called dominos tonight , it rang forever , I get put on hold twice without saying a word and FINALLY someone says , MAY I HELP YOU ?	9	First person Singular
A common one is arsenic and there really is n't a way to cure that .	8	Third person Singular
They estimated by 2050 , increasing population and changing diet would increase world food needs by 50 percent .	0	Third person Plural
Then he began again , assuring me Mr. Kurtz was the best agent he had , an exceptional man , of the greatest importance to the Company ; therefore I could understand his anxiety .	1	Third person Singular
Hiller replied : " No , it 's four questions of four leaders in four hot spots . " . . .	6	Third person Singular
Put on a pair of spurs and before she makes that trot step , it 's in the feeling when you feel her think trot , tick her with the spur and lift with your body to keep her moving .	14	Third person Singular
She trusts me , she ’s more my dog than anyone ’s , and she did n’t like it but for me she lay there .	7	First person Singular
If you know or work there could you enlighten me ?	9	First person Singular
Most important , despite the Russian army massed against us , we are embarking on an election campaign .	9	First person Plural
But Johnson was so obtuse he did n’t understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter .	15	Third person Singular
Hartpury College ( I think that is the name , but if you type it in it should come up with an alternative suggestion ) , in Gloucestershire .	6	Third person Singular
Debbie said , it is going to be hard on me to sale my old dodge truck .	10	First person Singular
He is really excited about anybody he see .	6	Third person Singular
It is my understanding that some rock will be removed and replaced with siding .	2	First person Singular
Just knowing a whole lot about a single species is n't very useful , even if that animal is as special as these clearly are -	18	Third person Singular
We just had our wedding on 11/7/08 and was very impressed .	8	Third person Singular
I am sure she would like to hear from you .	0	First person Singular
If the baby is feathered yet - which I 'm sure he is mostly - he should be fine .	3	Third person Singular
The premise with which the administartion is acting is that if they expeditiously suspend everyone 's right to bilateral contracts quickly , it sets up a barrier which the direct access coalition must break through .	6	Third person Singular
Listening to the Edison call w/ investors Edison says they will pay everyone at the same time ( " big bang " approach ) sometime in Q1 '02 .	8	Third person Singular
They have sent over their top reporter Ahmed Mansour to the town , and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of Al - Sahhaf .	0	Third person Plural
I am hiring them to come once a week now that they got my house to where they can maintain it for only an hour and a half every two weeks !	13	First person Singular
Be persistent , but do n't pester them about it cause that 'll get you nowhere fast .	7	Third person Plural
She had a soft , dry voice and her accent was slighter than her husband 's .	8	Third person Singular
So the mites do n’t see them when they jump .	6	Third person Plural
( Tatu , who lived for years in Moscow , chats in Russian with Stern and Schneider . )	10	Third person Singular
The one - star review from 2005 is out of date .	7	Third person Singular
Let 's get them to support constructive solutions that will make a real difference .	3	Third person Plural
I talked with Mark at SW Gas - just honro his numbers	0	First person Singular
I 'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow .	0	First person Singular
This mode conforms closely to the ANSI-92 Level 1 specification , but is not ANSI-92 Level 1 compliant .	2	Third person Singular
She was 84 years old .	1	Third person Singular
We should allocate a piece to Global which would solve the problem of other Cargill people using the line , putting us over the limit , without me knowing ...	21	First person Plural
When the cloud disperses , she ’s standing on one of the Stock Exchange ’s upside-down overhangs .	5	Third person Singular
He claimed that the new naturalism of Ibsen 's plays had made Shakespeare obsolete .	0	Third person Singular
I am going to find out how much line we currently have available ... you probably already have this .	9	First person Plural
They beguiled the time by backbiting and intriguing against each other in a foolish kind of way .	0	Third person Plural
I really do belive he left the nail out becuse of the horse s Hoof condition and It s a added bonus he would get to see her again	0	First person Singular
I was searching for dog food info and found this post .	1	First person Singular
Bray went to the kitchen to fill his brandy glass with water for the night .	7	Third person Singular
For example , I actually forgot to feed my cat , and they went out of their way to take care of him .	3	First person Singular
Did she make it ?	3	Third person Singular
Ideally , the password you select should be easy for you to remember but hard for someone else to figure out .	16	Third person Singular
Nordau was also the co founder of the World Zionist Organization .	1	Third person Singular
It incorporates Mr. Stojic 's and Mr. Kelly 's initial comments .	0	Third person Singular
I want to party hardy for my birthday :)	6	First person Singular
I hope my proposal will be taken into consideration in tomorrow 's vote .	0	First person Singular
I was heartbroken .. but then realized He was not the Guy for me ..	8	Third person Singular
Although there was a dominance of single spores and a trillion spore concentration , there were clumps as large as 40 - 100 microns .	2	Third person Singular
We ca n't avoid being politicized ( to use a word as murky as the condition it describes ) because it is necessary after all to know what is going on .	28	Third person Singular
Jana made me feel very comfortable .	2	First person Singular
Its splendour is mainly due to the beauty of its seven-colour mosaic tiles and calligraphic inscriptions .	2	Third person Singular
He has encyclopedic knowledge of hundreds of different Supreme Court cases , and he can recite details from memory .	1	Third person Singular
It was all sorted with no hassle at all and I 'm really grateful - they were fab .	1	Third person Singular
Where does our 50 % ( the 1.65 million dollars ) show up ?	2	First person Plural
A runway that provides fairly regular airline transportation was only constructed in 1999 .	3	Third person Singular
He was promoted to chairman in October 2015 , the month after the scandal was unearthed .	1	Third person Singular
My own cousin , Nota Gordon , two years out of the Soviet Union , says to me , " You are no match for them .	17	First person Singular
We are aiming to have the programme printed next week , so I would really need to know as soon as possible if you would be available to speak at this year 's congress .	12	First person Singular
India keeps what it has while Pakistan and China ( which was gifted a slice of the territory three decades ago ) do likewise .	4	Third person Singular
And do n't even think about asking to speak to the manager because this guy is , and pardon my French , a jerk .	15	Third person Singular
I would be a lot more concerned if the shoe fell off because it was missing one lousy nail .	0	First person Singular
When I tried to return it they refused , so I had to leave without a refund and still hungry .	10	First person Singular
he will explore the room , mark everything with his cheek , and try to make it feel like his territory .	0	Third person Singular
American citizens have for decades taken it as a given that our military can overwhelm and overcome any foe on the battlefield .	11	First person Plural
He finally admitted that only the 4 ADA room alarms had sounded , so only 4 guests were effected ( no big deal to him ) .	0	Third person Singular
The family 's lawyer advises me that Aafia did not have enough money to pay for airfare tickets for herself and the kids and called Ismat from the train station .	19	Third person Singular
lol They where super friendly towards us and treated us like people not walking bags of cash .	1	Third person Plural
They met while they were both working on a project as lawyers in Buenos Aires .	3	Third person Plural
And what is their big / main meal of the day .	3	Third person Plural
Will businesses that were new in 2005 have become a household name due to their efforts in rebuilding the gulf coast ?	14	Third person Plural
Their service sucks to start off with , people are cruel and ignorant .	2	Third person Singular
We could hear every single thing that happened outside like it was inside our room .	11	Third person Singular
A bus that runs through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her , but I could n't do it .	20	Third person Singular
On Wednesday , Mohamed and his father are to travel to the United Nations .	5	Third person Singular
Oh , it is dueled out through one catalytic converter with Flow Masters to accent the sound .	3	Third person Singular
In our Constitutional system , we have three branches of the Federal Government : the Legislative , Executive , and Judicial branches .	1	First person Plural
Those worthy fellows who 've gone down South to Rhodesia and South Africa where they can feel confident they 'll never have a black man on the Bench to give a verdict as biased as a white man 's .	14	Third person Plural
A settlement on the area of present-day Łódź was established in the 14th century and in 1423 it was granted a town charter , along with the right to have a marketplace .	8	Third person Singular
I took the weekend off and came in and asked for the manager who is Jeff and he remembered her right away even remembered her dog , I was a bit shocked that someone would pay that close attention .	19	Third person Singular
It has been a pleasure meeting you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future .	8	First person Singular
Not long ago he was divorced from the actress , Gloria Holden , but carried the torch after the marital rift .	4	Third person Singular
What 's that you 've got there ?	1	Third person Singular
See them as they are , not for what they claim to be .	9	Third person Plural
It is vital that it is done at the beginning of each ballet session , including before a performance .	4	Third person Singular
No hurry , I was just wondering .	3	First person Singular
From this standpoint , the evaluation of the implementation of the budget may take on a dimension that overrides matters of detail .	18	Third person Singular
2 and then the Quarter field is filtered to display only Golf sales in Qtr3 .	6	Third person Singular
The radar system for which Alvarez is best known and which has played a major role in aviation , most particularly in the post war Berlin airlift , was Ground Controlled Approach ( GCA ) .	11	Third person Singular
In one class , he asks the students if anyone can give him an example of a " tragedy " .	5	Third person Singular
I am working from our Hong Kong office for this week only ( Tel : +852 2545 2710 ) , and I can be contacted by phone there or by email .	1	First person Singular
It can also be done through online agencies as mentioned before although they may be slightly more expensive ( normally £ 15 + £ 15 admin fee and additional postage ) .	12	Third person Plural
He had not really lost himself ; he was merely pretending , and he could return to being Quinn whenever he wished .	7	Third person Singular
He could not wait . Had to start without me .	9	First person Singular
I have been in some of them , and ... well , we wo n't talk about that .	6	Third person Plural
The pizza is usually pretty good , the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more , but it was still good .	2	Third person Singular
Click the blue arrow to see the filter that is in effect .	9	Third person Singular
I was so impressed with the honesty and integrity of Mike and everyone at Eagle Transmission !	0	First person Singular
There is nothing phony , however , about the efforts we Ukrainians are now making to defend our country and our democracy .	10	First person Plural
The first was to tell himself that he was no longer Daniel Quinn .	5	Third person Singular
Ahmed Mohamed , a 14-year-old boy from Irving , Texas , was arrested at his school by police after he brought a digital clock he had made to school .	24	Third person Singular
Another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time , meaning users can not retrieve them and read them later ( as they can with e-mail ) .	27	Third person Plural
I take the middle seat , which I dislike , but I am not really put out .	7	First person Singular
After class we went back to bus stop and within minutes her bus arrived .	2	First person Plural
Once I actually got back in my car , it was dirty and had grease all over the steering wheel .	6	First person Singular
If I allow subscribers , what updates will they see ?	2	First person Singular
“ We ’ve requested other nations to help us populate the zoo with different species of animals , including a pig , ” Saqib said .	8	First person Plural
This means we wo n't be in town for the Compaq thing .	2	First person Plural
There was a long shocked silence when he had finished .	7	Third person Singular
" Today " , said Hugo at the ceremony , " we have a people in black because of the death of the man of talent ;	11	First person Plural
Hey there , I 'm trying to find a restaurant in Philly to take my husband tomorrow for his birthday .	18	Third person Singular
Against the pallor of his skin , the flaxen thinness of his hair , the effect was almost transparent , as though one could see through to the blue veins behind the skin of his face .	4	Third person Singular
They are currently using 9.5 % fixed based on the 1 year implied volatility .	0	Third person Plural
We were always having our water shut off , there were always people having parties at the pool , even after it was supposed to be closed .	22	Third person Singular
There had been so many delays already that he did not know who was dead and who was alive , and how they got on – and so on , and so on .	22	Third person Plural
" Architecture wo n't help deceased people , but it helps to keep their memories alive among the living , " he says .	21	Third person Singular
If I threw him against a wall and still conscious he will run away , do I hang him by the tail so the blood can flush into his skull ?	28	Third person Singular
Richard L. Jones , Jr. Airport ( IATA : RVS ) ( often called the " Riverside Airport " ) is south of downtown and is a general aviation airport .	25	Third person Singular
The universe interprets itself before your eyes in the openness of the rockjumbled valley ending in dead water .	3	Third person Singular
They did a very bad job with my hair and were extremely rude when I went back to ask them why it did n't work for my hair .	0	Third person Plural
He seems to have wished for the Senate and the state to simply act without him and his direct orders were rather vague , inspiring debate more on what he actually meant than on passing his legislation .	35	Third person Singular
What I want to do with the animals requires new material preserved in diverse ways , but it does n't require me to be there .	17	Third person Singular
This was a terrible experience and I hope that no one else goes through that .	6	First person Singular
With tears in her eyes she said , " Thank you , Mets Poet , thank you . "	5	Third person Singular
Maybe she meant if she made herself .	6	Third person Singular
So , can rabbits and chickens live together as long as they have separate places for their food and water ?	11	Third person Plural
Because of such talk , Posada has been taken into custody by Immigration officials .	6	Third person Singular
It is a political process and I have decided not to be present , so it was said .	16	Third person Singular
Remember , at the beginning they burn his books of chivalry , but that has no effect .	14	Third person Singular
It was the farthest point of navigation and the culminating point of my experience .	12	First person Singular
Basing letters on objects ( pictographs ) is an easy way to start a writing system .	7	Third person Singular
Each map in the exhibition tells its own story , not all factual .	6	Third person Singular
Clap your hands or give it a gentle shove until it jumps up and walks away .	5	Third person Singular
I have not had the patience to get it working - I will call you some evening and we can walk thru it .	0	First person Singular
I wish I had you as my dentist early on in my life - maybe my teeth would have been a lot better then they are now , However I am glad you are my dentist now .	29	First person Singular
She was staggered by the loss last year to the Cardinals .	1	Third person Singular
The real purpose of my call , however , is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol .	9	Third person Singular
The advisor kept me up to date and informed on the progress of my vehicle .	3	First person Singular
" The impact of global warming on fish stocks and fisheries is hard to judge , " the IPN report said .	11	Third person Singular
Sometimes I even think I 'm down South again , that 's a fact .	1	First person Singular
I know it can take a while for results and did n't expect a miracle , but after 2 months I felt like it was not entirely worth the cost / time .	24	Third person Singular
So my advice is that NEVER TRUST THIS DEALER .	1	First person Singular
Discovery is undergoing decommissioning and currently being prepped for display by removing toxic materials from the orbiter .	1	Third person Singular
Good location and off road parking made our stay very convenient .	7	First person Plural
I am very much afraid that most of Europe still does not understand it .	0	First person Singular
The straps on adults ’ overalls often get so twisted during the wash that one wishes she had just used an old fashioned washboard instead .	15	Third person Singular
Had to keep in mind that the A / C broke , I feel bad it was their opening !	17	Third person Plural
They drank whisky there , or even the coffee after dinner .	0	Third person Plural
I remember one of our ads that I had put in said , " If you think nice girls do n't do S&M , " -- I forgot what the rest of it said --	32	Third person Singular
When the guys arrived ( 2 hours later than agreed ) they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from Brooklyn and extra $ 100 for them to drive back from your destination .	31	Third person Plural
He allowed his boy – an overfed young negro from the coast – to treat the white men , under his very eyes , with provoking insolence .	20	Third person Singular
As Joyce 's story demonstrates , agriculture is crucial to Africa 's future .	7	Third person Singular
Blue cross has no record of aa reversal .	2	Third person Singular
I am speaking for the first time in this plenary part - session , so this is quite exciting for me , a little like first love , although that did last longer than two minutes .	0	First person Singular
i ca n't wait	0	First person Singular
I know that Jeff is in Portland .	4	Third person Singular
There is no subterfuge in you .	1	Third person Singular
is a declaration that states that this is an XML document and gives the version number .	12	Third person Singular
Since the check is in my name , I 'll cash it for you .	3	Third person Singular
When I first started doing it I 'd do it every day .	9	Third person Singular
For anyone who wants to see the capital in all its glory , November 's a great time to go .	3	Third person Singular
The food was good , and so was our waitress .	8	First person Plural
Cover containers with clear plastic kitchen wrap , so they stay moist .	9	Third person Plural
Over two hours later ( and ten minutes before they closed ) my car was finally finished .	14	Third person Singular
A package of reforms has been agreed .	4	Third person Singular
They 're our favorite pizza place to order from ... and they 're a local , family owned company !	11	Third person Plural
The history is written with red ink .	2	Third person Singular
Is this a transitional period for the baby ... that he / she is left alone much more time ?	0	Third person Singular
This is what I would say if I did answer her :	3	First person Singular
I am waiting longer at BNA for my pickups and last time I parked with them , they lost my car key .	1	First person Singular
The crew of the Shenzhou VI spacecraft was identified as Fei Junlong , 40 , and Nie Haishen , 41 , by China 's official news agency .	7	Third person Singular
When i say jiu - jitsu or mma i mean it !	1	First person Singular
In Texas , BP shut its 460,000 barrels per day refinery and Marathon shut its 72,000 bpd plant .	5	Third person Singular
Gracee is more excited to see her than she is to see me !!!!	8	Third person Singular
This means that I could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely , because it would have expired and disappeared by the time I returned .	3	First person Singular
Indeed , given how Bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring vital conflicts with the potential to blow back on the US , one might well argue that Edwards knows more now than Bush does .	37	Third person Singular
No one 's going to take you seriously if they 're full of typos and whatnot .	9	Third person Plural
The Blindleia is a skerry - protected waterway that starts near Kristiansand in southern Norway , and continues past Lillesand .	17	Third person Singular
It costs us so much money to for us to travel overseas and to compete internationally .	0	Third person Singular
Her zodiacal animal is the Monkey and her traditionally significant sixtieth anniversary year was 1992 .	3	Third person Singular
NASA tweeted support of Ahmed Mohamed via its account International Space Station	7	Third person Singular
On the next two pictures he took screenshots of two beheading video's .	5	Third person Singular
A joint of roast pork was sizzling in the oven .	5	First person Singular
This BuzzMachine post argues that Google 's rush toward ubiquity might backfire -- which we 've all heard before , but it 's particularly well - put in this post .	21	Third person Singular
So that comment is completely false .	3	Third person Singular
Hilary Braysmith , USI associate professor of art history , said , " I think his photography is equally influential as his graphic works , his more famous pictures of Marilyn .	15	Third person Singular
It follows a separate probe claiming that thousands of guns meant for Iraq 's police and army instead went to al - Qaeda .	0	Third person Singular
This is no reason to dislike her .	6	Third person Singular
With these fusions , chiropractric is n't as successful , but it still is very helpful .	13	Third person Singular
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed , the price was Non-Bondad .	12	Third person Singular
He was the person , he and his wife Jan , introduced -- reintroduced me and Laura in his backyard in July of 1977 .	7	Third person Singular
The sunlight turned her hair to fire and Carroll found it difficult to look directly at her .	16	Third person Singular
Her mother had spoken out against Scientology on French television after her ex-husband and Paris 's father , Albert Jaquier , committed suicide after he lost his fortune to Scientology .	11	Third person Singular
They grabbed what they could get for the sake of what was to be got .	11	First person Singular
Unfair for the girl as boys do n't have that kind of handicap , but that 's the way our own rules work .	16	Third person Singular
There would be a charge of thirty cents , he was told .	10	First person Singular
How is the site doing ?	1	Third person Singular
she knows she is invading someone else 's territory , but ca n't help it , and has no where to go .	0	Third person Singular
My skylight was making a horrible noise when the wind blew .	0	First person Singular
The Twitter attention led to outreach from Google and Mohamed was invited to their Google Science Fair .	10	Third person Singular
If you keep the cage clean they do n't smell and you can buy spray on cleaser for them , just massage it into their coat and groom them .	18	Third person Plural
But the bigger problem is that Ukraine does not really need a massive loan from the IMF .	4	Third person Singular
The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of Ismail Khan , the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month , who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners .	29	Third person Singular
also i was wondering , is it true that the bigger the speakers are the better .	2	First person Singular
it 's on tonight	1	Third person Singular
I understand that it is a competitive process , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability .	3	Third person Singular
For example , a series drop area is not displayed for a pie chart because pie charts consist of only one series .	7	Third person Singular
Not long ago he was divorced from the actress , Gloria Holden , but carried the torch after the marital rift .	3	Third person Singular
I use them for my restaurant and always get compliments on the sleek look of the mac system not to mention how good the support is .	2	Third person Plural
Just to let you all know Matt has confirmed the booking for 3rd Dec i s OK .	15	Third person Singular
In addition , the Commission has exclusive competence in matters of state aid .	5	Third person Singular
Sandi sez it 's actually happening at 10 AM and it 's renewable - focused .	1	Third person Singular
The big hit of the evening , Wikinews observed from the long line , was the Polaroid-room where attendees could wear a Warhol-like wig or don crazy glasses and have their own Polaroid taken .	30	Third person Plural
As much fun as they are , I figured we would probably do some different things than what you have planned for them .	22	Third person Plural
I went in later that afternoon and met with Michael .	0	First person Singular
My ties to the Republican party date back to 1979 , when I volunteered for Ronald Reagan and his campaign in New Hampshire .	12	First person Singular
Originally christened Micro - Soft , the ' - ' was removed later on .	10	Third person Singular
that deal is making like it wants to close and the traders scheduled a 430 call to wrap it up	5	Third person Singular
We will meet in the near future to discuss the issues surrounding division and trade name setups in Global Counterparty .	0	First person Plural
It is really two missions in one .	1	Third person Singular
With development of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 9 ( IE9 ) browser almost complete , Microsoft announced on Friday that it is time for IE6 users to move away from the antiquated 10-year-old browser .	21	Third person Singular
THE MANAGER CAME OVER AND SAID HE WAS SORRY AND GAVE A NEW BATCH OF WINGS , HE SAID WE CA NT REALLY DO ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS ARE ALWAYS OPENING AND CLOSING .	19	First person Plural
Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me .	11	First person Singular
More significantly , China holds a large portion of the American economy in the palm of its hand .	4	Third person Singular
He told himself to stay calm .	2	Third person Singular
Although the details of the documents on Mohammed 's computer may ( or may not ) point to possible difficulties in aerial dispersal , they are fully consistent with the product used in the anthrax mailings .	24	Third person Plural
If I found a spot , I could nt fit in it .	6	First person Singular
Sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront , and it is on a one - way street , but the restaurant itself is NEVER overcrowded .	30	Third person Singular
But I believe that we should do all we can to keep the transport of dangerous goods to a minimum , in all countries , whether they are transit countries or not .	1	First person Singular
It s important to their religion that they only consume Halal food .	1	Third person Singular
For five years he had kept William Wilson 's identity a secret , and he was n't about to give it away now , least of all to an imbecile stranger .	15	First person Singular
I think the title was Unfinished Business .	0	First person Singular
At an elevation of 1100 ft ( 335 m ) , it is situated in the biologically unique Sonoran Desert .	12	Third person Singular
The question is , " Should he have known it was coming ? "	6	Third person Singular
Realizing he would have trouble finding a composer , however , he turned to other pursuits .	11	Third person Singular
His autobiography ( see below ) was published in English translation as recently as 1995 .	0	Third person Singular
The kind of support they provide is simply great !!!	4	Third person Plural
My last day in the Portland area will be March 31 , 2001 .	0	First person Singular
Consequently I need to inform you of , and / or require your approval for , the following :	1	First person Singular
To emancipate the south , but it was a serious failure .	6	Third person Singular
This letter might surprise you because we have not met neither in person nor by correspondence .	6	First person Plural
I have been going there since I was a little girl and love the friendly and relaxing atmosphere .	7	Third person Singular
I started collecting animations & jokes just to help with my boredom and depression .	10	First person Singular
When they are cruel , their friends will usually ignore it or not do anything to stop it since they 're afraid that they 'll be treated badly by their ' friend . '	10	Third person Singular
Sounds like He really likes you ..	4	Third person Singular
Looks like there 's a lot of talent in this place .	3	Third person Singular
What 's a few dead soldiers in comparison to keeping all those defense contractors awash in all that tax cash ?	1	Third person Singular
My question is related to Mr Smith 's question .	2	Third person Singular
In the background , shining , is Renata , who is young and healthy and good , raising her arm to show her grandmother that the chip is nothing , nothing at all .	18	Third person Singular
If space is minimal , or you are keeping him in there to be kept away from other pets , then I can understand why you would choose to keep him there .	21	First person Singular
This draft reflects the changes we discussed during our call the other day .	2	Third person Singular
As you can see , the price data is too large to fit into one tab .	8	Third person Singular
The study of volcanoes is called volcanology , sometimes spelled vulcanology .	4	Third person Singular
The executive branch consists of a Minister of State as the head of government , who presides over a five - member Council of Government .	3	Third person Singular
It 's legal .	1	Third person Singular
The United States goes into a war zone and evacuates a bunch of U.S. citizens ( most of whom were " dual - citizens " ) .	3	Third person Singular
They have a great selection of wine from all over the world with all different prices .	0	Third person Plural
Ron , Fred and George seized Harry 's arms and pulled as hard as they could .	14	Third person Plural
And there we are , Kissinger has entirely wrecked Russia 's Middle East policy and the Pope is about to swap the Vatican for the Kremlin .	2	First person Plural
He 's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he 's been in town for awhile .	1	Third person Singular
i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side .	22	Third person Singular
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .	2	First person Singular
I mean , is the problem national , say between Jews and Arabs ; or is it a matter of generations between an old age and a new age ?	16	Third person Singular
I 'll be sure to come back .	0	First person Singular
Again there is no official written statement from Sistani 's office confirming this allegation , which I think is intentional .	16	First person Singular
This implies knowledge on his part ; he knows beforehand that this chronicler exists .	8	Third person Singular
The conversation is quick and superknowledgeable .	2	Third person Singular
$ 400 later my jaw dropped when the receptionist told me the total .	3	First person Singular
And were the Columbine killers acting out this " real morality " when they indescriminately murdered their classmates .	13	Third person Plural
It is also called “ T-town ” by the locals and has been called the " Oil Capital of the World " .	1	Third person Singular
It will also give us a future in the two very important industries that we can not ignore and ensure Europe 's future prosperity .	14	First person Plural
They consider modernity as their enemy , but then they have two problems .	0	Third person Plural
they do nt hurt unless you r stupid enough to press on them .	12	Third person Plural
He is at his best when he is doing his Nerd impression ...	1	Third person Singular
As an overview , this proposal : * Maintains the basic Gas Accord structure in place today for the period 2003 to 2007 . *	8	Third person Singular
Struggling against the currents of human nature and society , they may lose more often than they win - but only rarely do they give up .	23	Third person Plural
I found her through a colleague one day when one of my clients was in the midst of a panic attack and needed professional help that I am not qualified to provide .	0	First person Singular
I applied to get a student visa to study in Canada , I received one that is valid until October of 2015 .	0	First person Singular
There was a click again and the rustle , and I could not think of what it could be .	1	Third person Singular
I hardly know myself . Quinn gave Auster an honest look .	3	First person Singular
He had wanted to take in the details of what he was seeing , but the task was somehow beyond him at that moment .	20	Third person Singular
In the interview , Herrick explains what wikiHow is , why he decided to create it , how he grew it in size , and why he chose to use a Creative Commons license ( HyperLink ) for his site .	8	Third person Singular
“ Okay , ” my mother says .	6	Third person Singular
I beg to differ .	0	First person Singular
Should we find at any point that this is not the case , we will take the appropriate steps .	1	First person Plural
The review is also investigating inflammatory Facebook posts from September , alleged to come from police officers in the northern Ontario city .	2	Third person Singular
I met Gwenzi 's brother in London one day while he was at Gray 's Inn ;	0	First person Singular
Or Renata might be sleeping in her car .	6	Third person Singular
Had a horrible experience with a manager here , Rachel McInnis , she was rude , inconsiderate and did not do the right thing for an item that was marked incorrectly ...	13	Third person Singular
I tell all my customers they can try it , but do n't count on it .	15	Third person Singular
That 's why I rang the buzzer without asking who it was .	11	First person Singular
Hearing is a dog ’s secondary sense , and I will discuss that in another blog entery .	1	Third person Singular
Olivia went in to change the record and because it was , unexpectedly , Mozart – the harp and Mute concerto – he lit a cigar to smoke while he enjoyed it .	29	Third person Singular
In the street – I do n't know why – a queer feeling came to me that I was an impostor .	18	First person Singular
Tame Horomona Rehe was the last known full-blooded Moriori and he passed away in 1933 .	10	Third person Singular
I am not in the office today , so please include Renee Alfaro on your response .	1	First person Singular
I launched LibriVox , emailed some friends and some podcasters who where doing literary stuff , and invited them to record a chapter of Joseph Conrad 's Secret Agent .	18	Third person Plural
She gestured and laughed , but her husband was eager to break in , holding up his hands over the plate balanced on his knees .	8	First person Singular
Rebecca Edwards had just told Neil Bayley that Felix Pasilis , the Pettigrews ' Greek friend , was furious with her because she 'd forgotten some essential herb that he wanted for his sheep ...	17	First person Singular
They can smell it so i 'm sure he knows what it is and just do n't want it .	3	Third person Singular
She seems to lope one stride and trot the next and repeat ...	0	Third person Singular
The U.S. and Europe are constantly improving their defense against the last murder , not the next one .	7	Third person Plural
Immobile among the moving crowd , he stood there and watched .	6	Third person Singular
It 's got its own bathroom and tv , and is pretty cozy .	10	Third person Singular
He looked like a great guy for your group .	0	Third person Singular
I regret this since we are having to take action because others have not done their job .	4	First person Plural
I worked with Sam Mones who took great care of me .	0	First person Singular
How do I train him to feel comfortable in his crate ?	2	First person Singular
She maintained contact all round her as they danced , talking over his shoulder to this one , putting out a broad calloused brown foot in a gold sandal to nudge that one in the calf .	12	Third person Singular
You would n't hire me .	4	First person Singular
He 'll make you fill one out .	0	Third person Singular
It ALL had to do with the sales guy which was a young 22 year old who had admittedly only been working for 2 weeks .	10	Third person Singular
It 's what makes America great . "	1	Third person Singular
I think 2012 is going to be a great year for Fujairah as we have A LOT of projects to be done by 2012 .	13	First person Plural
prime ribs have very good food but it s super expensive	7	Third person Singular
I better pass on the Comets game .	0	First person Singular
To tell the truth , this 's the first time for a week we 've had time to sit down to eat .	6	Third person Singular
The below site from the US government verifies this - it 's the same for Canada , too .....	10	Third person Singular
If I wait , would the tours I find there for less money be the same quality type tours ?	7	First person Singular
I have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35 % more light / heat and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well - being of him .	34	Third person Singular
The quote is from an article entitled " Vegetarianism and ` The Other Weight Problem ' "	2	Third person Singular
Equally important , it often does not accurately reflect the improvement in societal wellbeing resulting from innovation .	3	Third person Singular
( I hope that the US army got an enormous amount of information from her relatives , because otherwise this move was a bad , bad tradeoff ) .	14	Third person Singular
There were no other options available ( I only brought my check card to cover any overage cost ) and she rang it up and applied it to the gift card before telling me about the tip policy .	7	First person Singular
But the arrogant person is usually more than happy to show their cruel side to those that they do n't like .	11	Third person Plural
as well , your male will be able to see that his territory is not threatened .	11	Third person Singular
Then 1 lap at a walk around the arena with both my legs pulled out as far as I can , so they are not touching the saddle .	11	First person Singular
The third problem is that of aging populations , an issue that would pose tough challenges even for the best - designed political system .	3	Third person Singular
I revised the language based on our discussions and added the language concerning interest which we had both previously approved .	0	First person Singular
Musk , which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive , makes the scent of perfume last a bit longer after each application .	15	Third person Plural
I will be completing my tour of duty in Bolivia in September of this year .	4	First person Singular
It is short for San Francisco .	0	Third person Singular
Your suggestion to introduce the concept discussed with one of the Lays is welcomed .	12	Third person Singular
Denial of the status of marriage to those who would freely accept its responsibilities creates legal and economic inequities and social injustice .	14	Third person Singular
Next day I left that station at last , with a caravan of sixty men , for a two-hundred-mile tramp .	2	First person Singular
Upon the same day he conquered Darius , won a great victory at sea , & died the same day .	4	Third person Singular
I think if you can not afford to get him treated that you should not consider him as a prospect .	0	First person Singular
Oh , and their liquor license was expired so no Bloody Mary or Mimosas .	6	Third person Singular
But , while Marx 's belief that capital and labor were substitutes , not complements , was a mistake in his own age , and for more than a century to follow , it may not be a mistake today .	10	Second person Singular
I was originally inquiring about purchasing a Cross or Signac impressionist lithograph .	0	First person Singular
The connection , however , lies in an order issued last year by President Hu Jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped by America in case of conflict over Taiwan .	5	Third person Singular
It was prefaced with a poem by Ben Jonson , in which Shakespeare is hailed , presciently , as " not of an age , but for all time .	0	Third person Singular
Anyway , I tried to get a preorder but no places were selling it so I missed out on 2/3 weekend events .	15	First person Singular
We would n't want those terrorists to run out of shit to shoot at us .	0	First person Plural
Our Hasid is in his late twenties .	0	First person Plural
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	38	First person Singular
I 'm thinking that I may want to attend .	0	First person Singular
When you discussed it , i was trying to think back to our remedies and discussions but the 3 years have made it difficult .	3	Third person Singular
Cinnamon basil really does smell like the sweet spice , and it also has unusually beautiful and fragrant flowers .	3	Third person Singular
i think they are all bark and no bite .	2	Third person Plural
I called her grandmother and explained things to her .	8	Third person Singular
Google is a nice search engine .	1	Third person Singular
I 'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually , I 'm sure I do n't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me .	19	First person Singular
My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth , so I will be heading that way on Monday .	10	First person Singular
He is grieving for his son .	4	Third person Singular
I have a new born daughter and she helped me with a lot .	0	First person Singular
you have brought someone else into his territory , and he needs to be reminded that you still love him , and support his claim to his space .	11	Third person Singular
I do n't know about this ... but the pale Cockney who was teaching him to take over his job said , That 's okay , chum , it 's our ole friend Mr. Kabata .	18	Third person Singular
I must admit I see the question of a world market orientation rather differently from the way it was presented a moment ago .	18	First person Singular
( 3 ) The ecodesign of products is a crucial factor in the Community strategy on Integrated Product Policy .	7	Third person Singular
Given the chance your cat may only have one kidney , I would think the worst case scenario would be kidney disease , which untreated can lead to possible renal failure .	11	First person Singular
They eventually turned it over to a collection agency and now will not even discuss the matter .	0	Third person Plural
The Phoenix and the Turtle , printed in Robert Chester 's 1601 Love 's Martyr , mourns the deaths of the legendary phoenix and his lover , the faithful turtle dove .	16	Third person Singular
( He already had the traumas that his previous girlfriend Jane Asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate manners ) .	1	Third person Singular
What was it to the Dursleys if Harry went back to school without any of his homework done ?	1	First person Singular
It 's most obvious when a celebrity 's name is initially quite rare .	0	Third person Singular
You can use the filter feature to find specific data values or all data that matches a value .	15	Third person Singular
One of the most scenicly attractive ports in the whole of New Zealand , Port Hutt boasts an incredibly sheltered little harbour , with picturesque views and safe anchorage in all weather .	16	Third person Singular
He shooed the shocked Masons back into the dining room , promised Harry he would flay him to within an inch of his life when the Masons had left , and handed him a mop .	32	Third person Singular
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1 - 2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything .	19	First person Plural
Alright , so my dad had been wanting me to check my e mail for a few days but I never got around to it .	19	First person Singular
He was warned that they were building up a huge Army and would eventually launch an attack , but he ignored his military advisers .	19	Third person Singular
She started out at the RSC in the mid-Sixties playing an asylum - inmate in Marat / Sade .	0	Third person Singular
They told me that this is not under warranty and want to charge me $ 175 just to diagnose the problem !	13	First person Singular
We are still trying to work the PSE swap transaction , now that the forex desk has been able to find a fix for CPI in the market .	0	First person Plural
I have been growing my hair out for 1 year plus and went in to get 1 inch taken off .	0	First person Singular
July is when he started to exhibit slight symptoms and the owner and vet originally thought it was just some nerve damage from something in the pasture with no visible injury .	17	Third person Singular
I urge all St. Thomas the Apostle parishioners and all of South Florida residents to come see Gus !!!	0	First person Singular
The absence of his name from the 1605 cast list for Jonson 's Volpone is taken by some scholars as a sign that his acting career was nearing its end .	14	Third person Singular
Good point , but I 'm comfortable we 're covered because our bidders were all bidding on a chunk of capacity and primary points .	11	First person Plural
I feel like shit for saying that but after what they have done already i wo nt be buying grocerys for the next few weeks .	14	First person Singular
He was neither civil nor uncivil .	0	Third person Singular
He 's only exhibited weight loss and some muscle atrophy , with the slight toe drag and a bit of trouble with the right lead ( which could or could n't be related ) .	1	Third person Singular
There is a proper balanced way to achieve the rights that everybody here wants to see .	13	Third person Singular
Randy , this is the issue I left you the voice mail on .	3	Third person Singular
However , we draw on our many faith traditions to arrive at a common conviction .	5	First person Plural
I was asked by the officers , in their inimitably dumb way , whether I knew the writer Günter de Bruyn and whether we are intellectual relatives .	0	First person Singular
I see that we are scheduled to have lunch today .	0	First person Singular
Therefore , even in those first moments , he had lost ground , was starting to fall behind himself .	13	First person Singular
He took a pinch of glittering powder out of the flowerpot , stepped up to the fire , and threw the powder into the flames .	0	Third person Singular
Who takes the decisions , do it with less ideology .	1	Third person Singular
In quick summary , Beyond Control , a local band in our area , is sponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run out .	14	Third person Singular
They took turns to ride Harry 's Nimbus Two Thousand , which was easily the best broom ; Ron 's old Shooting Star was often outstripped by passing butterflies .	0	Third person Plural
Instead of being taken to a hotel , where he could route out as promised , he was taken to the Century City Towers .	9	Third person Singular
If you wonder why there is misery and curse in your house , it is because you own some L.P , CD or another article related to the CURSED BY GOD Beatles and Rolling Stones .	5	Third person Singular
I wholly agree , and would expand that statement to include : " To hell with death metal " .	0	First person Singular
I assume we should come over EB .	2	First person Plural
jay is it necessary to varnish my oil paintings or just leave them be ?	1	Third person Singular
it s really amazing there , it ll blow your mind	0	Third person Singular
WebLogic is required by BackWeb , although it is designed by a separate company .	7	Third person Singular
Mistake is inevitable as long as there are human beings .	1	Third person Singular
I 'm a soccer mom so I was n't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear .	12	Third person Singular
I would n't have believed it of myself ; but , then – you see – I felt somehow I must get there by hook or by crook .	0	First person Singular
I was amazed at the spiel they delivered .	1	First person Singular
because all of the food blogs I ve read say so and I will travel from maryland if that s true	19	Third person Singular
Let me add some additional info .	1	First person Singular
I 'm handling the afternoon -- I think that Harry has this morning .	6	First person Singular
I do n't steal , I was n't acting suspiciously .	5	First person Singular
Sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront , and it is on a one - way street , but the restaurant itself is NEVER overcrowded .	17	Third person Singular
Mishima espoused a very individual brand of nationalism towards the end of his life .	12	Third person Singular
At parties she does not want to be considered in any way attached to you , which is consistent .	17	Third person Singular
So ultimately I decided that eHow 's model would not build the resource I envisioned .	13	First person Singular
He later said that by 2 months he " meant at least two months " .	7	Third person Singular
It 's not for us to take a stand on any political issues .	4	First person Plural
On a recent event quote that I had done , they came in thousands of dollars over their local competition .	10	Third person Plural
Also , I purchased some furniture last year and all has been great !	2	First person Singular
the irish customs we have in our family are ; we make sinnel cake for easter , barn brack and col - cannon for Halloween .	3	First person Plural
I am curious about the population structure of the " fields " of anemones -	0	First person Singular
They showed some kids on TV , and they were quite taken with it .	8	Third person Plural
That 's backbone .	1	Third person Singular
I 'm under 21 + and looking for a nice place to take my boyfriend out for dinner where they play music and there is a dance floor .	24	Third person Singular
In one sense it 's great , but it also makes things a lot harder to read .	4	Third person Singular
IT HAS VERY GOOD PRICES .	1	Third person Singular
There 's no initiation either into such mysteries .	1	Third person Singular
We had a large party , about fifty people or so , and yet everything was served quickly and we all had a wonderful time .	15	Third person Singular
It 's important that you take retreats and plenty of time for yourself to regenerate , as the rate of change in your personal and professional life will be fast and unpredictable .	12	Second person Singular
We must now believe that the same romantic conviction has been alive somewhere in the offices of J Walter Thompson .	0	First person Plural
" He 's hanging out with the celebrities , and has kind of become the same sort of celebrity he was interested in documenting earlier in his career " , Wilkins said .	19	Third person Singular
In 2014 the Italian municipal tax discipline has changed from the ICI system to the IMU system by the Monti government .	7	Third person Singular
The broker called back shortly after I spoke to you to let me know that the kestrel air park building and the strip center at fm78 & walzem had both sold .	6	First person Singular
I understand how competitive the process has become , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , personality , extracurricular activities , etc. that this would compensate for my disability .	10	First person Singular
The best pizza ever i m fat so i ve had a ton of pizza other than pizza from chicago it s the best	21	Third person Singular
It solaced him to know that he had an alternate plan if things went awry .	6	Third person Singular
I was extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it , but the sales guy I dealt with ruined the deal .	13	Third person Singular
Code in a form or report that can not run from a data access page is imported into the page as a comment block at the end of the document .	15	Third person Singular
In other words , those Americans were there by their own choice , mired in a situation that was totally predictable .	9	Third person Plural
They had been drinking at a pub called the Midnight - the centre of the heavy metal scene in Milan - and they never came home .	22	Third person Plural
The world was outside of him , around him , before him , and the speed with which it kept changing made it impossible for him to dwell on any one thing for very long .	11	Third person Singular
Even if you can figure out what is wrong with this poor poneh , there is always the chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again in the future .	7	Third person Singular
That is the line taken in the reports before you today .	1	Third person Singular
It 's cool ... it 's like another family .	0	Third person Singular
It has been a pleasure to meet with you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future .	12	First person Plural
At best it is naive and at worst it would yet again let the shooting lobby off the hook .	2	Third person Singular
Is a finch or a parakeet better ?	0	Third person Singular
Hi , I want to get a few pet rats and need a rat cage .	2	First person Singular
I have a dwarf hamster who HATES his wheel and does n't use it -	6	Third person Singular
The heat was heightened by drink and animation and the glass filled by the long , narrow black hand of his neighbour was marked by the fingerprints of the white woman who had relinquished it .	20	Third person Singular
Hamnet died of unknown causes at the age of 11 and was buried 11 August 1596 .	11	Third person Singular
It was pretty epic as I remember and would love to send my friend there .	1	Third person Singular
" The vanishing man " , writes Pritchett , " who must be pursued from the rue Cassini to ... Versailles , Ville D' Avray , Italy , and Vienna can construct a settled dwelling only in his work .	6	Third person Singular
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	26	First person Singular
actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	27	Third person Singular
It is n't about finding the meaning of life at work .	1	Third person Singular
prime ribs have very good food but it s super expensive	8	Third person Singular
yeah i got yelled at also .	1	First person Singular
They said it was " plugs and wires " and quoted me $ 330 to do the work , including parts .	2	Third person Singular
The flowers were all that I hoped they would be , I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all .	27	Third person Plural
It would be helpful to have a separate place to record his thoughts , his observations , and his questions .	18	Third person Singular
Life at The Burrow was as different as possible from life in Privet Drive .	4	First person Singular
I really want to go to andiamo s for my birthday and i was just wondering how much it would cost for the four of us to eat there	12	First person Singular
Regarding how long the beverage will be made available , Stan remarked to The Brooklyn Paper , " We 'll keep it around until he ’s irrelevant . I hope he ’s there the whole way " .	18	First person Plural
So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)	10	Third person Singular
has life like animal wholesale figurines made from rabbit and goat fur , feathers and sheep s wool .	0	Third person Singular
I did n't end up buying my car here , but I did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me .	24	Third person Singular
will i have to pay customs in NZ .	1	First person Singular
Much later , when he was able to think about the things that happened to him , he would conclude that nothing was real except chance .	22	First person Singular
My cat is a outside cat but she loves it inside .	0	First person Singular
Our fence was installed quickly in August and they had their money and left saying " Workmanship is guaranteed for a year ! " .	2	Third person Singular
I believe it is workable , though it may be somewhat complicated .	3	Third person Singular
I am hiring them to come once a week now that they got my house to where they can maintain it for only an hour and a half every two weeks !	0	First person Singular
Actually , I think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just do n't be too mad if I have to cancel .	11	First person Singular
their mezza luna's are deffly better than the pizza rolls .	0	Third person Plural
Harry managed not to shout out , but it was a close thing .	9	First person Singular
i am going to happy hour after work to eat and drink .	0	First person Singular
If your washing machine is worth its salt , it will undo those straps in a heartbeat and tie them in a sheet bend unless you prevent it .	6	Third person Singular
jay is it necessary to varnish my oil paintings or just leave them be ?	2	Third person Singular
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608 .	3	First person Singular
If the negotiations stall , it seems like I need to go ahead and cut off the utilities .	8	First person Singular
Like in the case of organized crime , it is crucial that the forces on the offensive be united and it is crucial to reach the top of the crime pyramid .	20	Third person Singular
Its importance resides in two facts .	0	Third person Singular
Scientology officials have stated they have not received the materials .	4	Third person Plural
( 1 ) Everyone charged with a penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his defence .	9	Third person Singular
I shook hands with this miracle , and I learned he was the Company 's chief accountant , and that all the bookkeeping was done at this station .	0	First person Singular
I will be calling my vet and chiro about him .	4	First person Singular
* 1 . The first element is the suicide murder . *	6	Third person Singular
Both bathrooms look like they were flooded and the wood cabinets are thrashed at the bottom and they slapped some pieces of wood over to try to cover it up .	17	Third person Plural
The act of moving from one place to another seemed to require all his attention , as though not to think of what he was doing would reduce him to immobility .	13	Third person Singular
Fair give and take on both sides until we agreed on a deal that was within my parameters and was fair to both sides .	19	Third person Singular
At 3:15 am on night # 2 , the fire alarm and strobe light activated in my room .	16	First person Singular
My father heard it , too , but he pretended not to , at least he did n’t turn his head .	15	Third person Singular
And a bunch of them had called and they said , " Wow . "	4	Third person Plural
I highly recommend them to all of my friends !!!! !	0	First person Singular
Through his grandmother , Mishima was a direct descendant of Tokugawa Ieyasu .	1	Third person Singular
I was n't interested in making either of these sacrifices , as I think the world 's how to manual needs to be high quality AND comprehensive .	20	Third person Singular
I have eaten here several times and every time the service is slower than slow .	11	Third person Singular
Recently we were listed in New Hampshire and nationally with Politics1 .	1	First person Plural
I spent quite a bit because I spoil my little princess .	6	First person Singular
I do n't know that he did any )	5	Third person Singular
And it should be noted in passing that Kerry has personally questioned Bush ’s service , while Bush has not personally questioned Kerry ’s .	18	Third person Singular
Therefore , any trade mark registration that incorporates the word ONLINE as a suffix in the way that you use it will not enable its owner to prevent others from using the word ONLINE .	24	Third person Singular
That was 4 years ago .	1	Third person Singular
It would tell us why the call went to you , but not why they wanted to speak to me in the first place .	3	First person Plural
He stands alone in front of the audience and , ultimately , he has to bring out the best of himself in order to make the audience laugh .	12	Third person Singular
The service was excellent and personable .	2	Third person Singular
People do not go to Ireland on holiday for the weather , it is unpredictable .	13	Third person Singular
As far as the call with Uncle Ben goes , if he was thrilled to hear from me I could n't tell by his voice .	18	First person Singular
I remember one of our ads that I had put in said , " If you think nice girls do n't do S&M , " -- I forgot what the rest of it said --	0	First person Singular
Bloom Legal was really attentive to my problem , and Seth Bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue I was dealing with .	17	First person Singular
The Cunha report on multiannual guidance programmes comes before Parliament on Thursday and contains a proposal in paragraph 6 that a form of quota penalties should be introduced for countries which fail to meet their fleet reduction targets annually .	7	Third person Singular
Our execution team needs to get some guidance and planning for this picketing should it interfere with the progress of the work .	3	Third person Singular
jill allen finishes her cpa today and she and her friends are going to party .	3	Third person Singular
Afshari , who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war , said that when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their education system , the Mujahedeen refused .	3	Third person Singular
And the President becomes a Dictator , unrestrained by anything in the Constitution , backed up by the Armed Forces , which would be entirely under his personal control .	26	Third person Singular
Now when I was a little chap I had a passion for maps .	2	First person Singular
He will learn to really like this .	0	Third person Singular
No business is going to push customers away without good reason ; so is n't it reasonable to think they might know what they 're doing ?	19	Third person Plural
There are far too many lazy people out there who think that they can sit around a job will fall in their lap .	21	Third person Plural
She has taken care of my sweet girl for almost 4 years now and I would not let Gracee go with anyone besides her !!!	14	First person Singular
Let me know what schedule works for you .	1	First person Singular
It clearly gives the Admin a very strong upper hand to control who when and where direct access can occur without having to say that they oppose direct access .	0	Third person Singular
They may however be applied beyond the period specified in the first paragraph as long as the relevant commitments have not been fulfilled .	0	Third person Plural
Tuesday is all about getting out the vote , but it means nothing if a registered voter is n't on the list .	1	Third person Singular
This will help keep them from twisting up during the wash .	4	Third person Plural
Each score is worth 10 points .	2	Third person Singular
And what do we get for this effort ?	3	First person Plural
The poster wrote that " Prompted I think by the Tom Cruise video , a new obsession is taking hold on the internet .	6	First person Singular
Russia also announced that it was seeking and building the best nukes the world ’s ever seen .	4	Third person Singular
Four guys around a large square open hibachi cook your food , and when it 's finished a server brings it to your table .	14	Third person Singular
They offer sales that are n't really sales , mislabeled items that make the item sound like a good deal when it is n't , a bad attitude about return items , and on and on .	21	Third person Singular
The analysis shows a direct link between the number of cigarettes smoked in a lifetime and the number of mutations in tumour DNA .	2	Third person Singular
A dozen Hasidim in the lavatory queue stare down at us .	10	First person Plural
The competent services have not included them in the agenda on the grounds that they had been answered in a previous part - session .	6	Third person Plural
In retrospect , I think we probably should have selected the CC BY-SA license instead of CC-BY-SA-NC .	3	First person Singular
My father heard it , too , but he pretended not to , at least he did n’t turn his head .	19	Third person Singular
Closing Loopholes and putting in place a system that is transparent and works .	12	Third person Singular
" Another generation of heavy metal has taken over , and -- sorry -- it ai n't just about strippers and dope .	6	Third person Singular
Yes , they accepted it .	2	Third person Plural
1576 Boi taken prisoner , but wins his freedom playing chess .	6	Third person Singular
They will not kill mice but they should keep them out of areas where the product is applied .	16	Third person Singular
Abby Freeman is our good friend who has non-Hodgkin lymphoma , and she needs your help !	13	Third person Singular
And it was in a grandmother bar by the waterfront — sipping hot tea with rum and watching over the shoulders of dockworkers playing mah-jongg — that I first heard of the valley of giants .	27	First person Singular
He also runs the AntyScience blog .	0	Third person Singular
“ I visit the degree shows at Northampton University to spot new talent , ” he says .	15	Third person Singular
They do make a host of florescent proteins , and these may interact with the light of the ROV to give that gorgeous glow .	0	Third person Plural
If both your primary and reserve chutes have malfunctioned , signal immediately to a fellow jumper who has not yet deployed their chute , waving your arms and signalling that your own is not functional .	21	Third person Plural
Rafferty recorded a new version of his Humblebums song " Her Father Did n't Like Me Anyway " on the album Over My Head ( 1994 ) .	6	Third person Singular
" This strain helps with back pain , this strain helps with nausea , this product makes you sleep at night , " says Dietrich from the company 's headquarters in Denver , Colorado , where pot is sold legally .	16	Third person Singular
Ron 's magic wand was lying on top of a fish tank full of frog spawn on the window-sill , next to his fat grey rat , Scabbers , who was snoozing in a patch of sun .	4	First person Singular
We must feed you up while we 've got the chance . I do n't like the sound of that school food	0	First person Plural
I wonder if you 've had any trouble with your phone lately .	0	First person Singular
That is the information I have on this type of activity .	4	First person Singular
Why have a " minimum " if it is going to be ignored ?	8	Third person Singular
In the light , Margot Wentz 's head was the figurehead of a ship above the hulk of her body :	18	Third person Singular
$ 59,339 - Amount the Bush campaign reimbursed Enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign .	13	Third person Singular
Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates .	16	Third person Singular
So I may as well just come out with it : It is pretty suspicious , given the Neocon predominance in the CPA and in the upper reaches of the Defense Department that on April 2 AP reported of Muqtada :	11	Third person Singular
select EnronOnLine ( this is the EOL Datamanager )	4	Third person Singular
if it s not available is there nearby alternative to store my luggage ?	1	Third person Singular
In fact , you were helping them solve their problem . ”	6	Third person Plural
Although Iceland was under the political control of Denmark until a much later date ( 1918 ) , very little influence and borrowing from Danish has occurred in the Icelandic language .	2	Third person Singular
LOCATION HAS CLOSED .	1	Third person Singular
Sub-cultures ( as the lable implies ) do not develope in a vacuum .	5	Third person Singular
In our proposals in relation to Agenda 2000 we considered the probable future trend of competition between pigmeat and beef .	8	First person Plural
My other MAJOR problem is that he will not get in his crate .	4	Third person Singular
He stood there and told us how he was n't at fault .	7	Third person Singular
I felt weary and irritable . Hang Kurtz , I thought .	9	First person Singular
It 's a bloody church , for chrisssake !	0	Third person Singular
Because we think IT 'S THE BEST !!!	4	Third person Singular
He can not accept calls , visits or flowers at this time , since he is in the emergency room .?	0	Third person Singular
I asked her if she had any relatives that would want to know of her whereabouts .	0	First person Singular
How much better does it get ?!	4	Third person Singular
They do n't let just anybody do it .	7	Third person Singular
My girlfriend and I ate at The Grill last night , and our experience was amazing .	14	Third person Singular
What Dunn 's committee hopes to learn is why all these events transpired .	7	Third person Singular
The report contains a number of proposals for tax concessions which many other speakers have mentioned in this evening 's debate .	2	Third person Singular
In that way only it seemed to me I could keep my hold on the redeeming facts of life .	8	First person Singular
We are currently living a mile from the town in a house surrounded by fields but the new house is beside a busy road .	19	Third person Singular
After my last day in Sydney , I will be going to Fiji before heading back to the states .	7	First person Singular
RP : Is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really stupid ... ?	12	Third person Plural
Hitchcock preferred to work with the best talent of his day — film poster designers such as Bill Gold and Saul Bass — who would produce posters that accurately represented his films .	30	Third person Singular
( 2 ) Everyone has the right of equal access to public service in his country .	4	Third person Singular
John , Per and I discussed the hostile environment issue and we are both concerned that we may have some repercussions .	4	First person Singular
She had a soft , dry voice and her accent was slighter than her husband 's .	0	Third person Singular
Atmosphere is always fun , the assortment of customers adds entertainment to the meal	1	Third person Singular
They called and worked with me to fix it so that it would look perfect .	11	Third person Singular
Did services I asked them NOT to do and was still charged .	2	First person Singular
He said it sarcastically .	2	Third person Singular
Tiberius reportedly regretted his departure and requested to return to Rome several times , but each time Augustus refused his requests .	3	Third person Singular
I am in the process of reviewing your special provisions .	0	First person Singular
Madam President , can you tell me why this Parliament does not adhere to the health and safety legislation that it actually passes ?	6	First person Singular
or is he Not your type ?	1	Third person Singular
Mrs. Wentz had the tone of voice that sounds as if the speaker is addressing noone but himself .	8	Third person Singular
And what is it that has led the Jews to place themselves , after the greatest disaster of their history , in a danger zone ?	5	Third person Singular
The man was looking at him , even studying him , and if recognition did not flicker across his face , it still held something more than a blank stare .	2	First person Singular
Dobby bowed his head .	2	Third person Singular
By that point we had clinched it .	6	Third person Singular
It is accompanied by the further reflection ( partly proud , mostly bitter ) that we Jews seem to have a genius for finding the heart of the crisis .	1	Third person Singular
If anyone wants the complete article , email me , as it is a very good article which no meat - eater can read and not sense their own hypocrisy .	12	Third person Singular
They said they were " unable to tell me until they ordered my dress " .	10	Third person Plural
They , above – the Council in Europe , you know – mean him to be .	0	Third person Plural
For my part , I feel that the negotiations were balanced and that they open the way for achieving a sustainable market .	4	First person Singular
Can you tell me the whole process of breeding them and taking care of the babies ?	9	Third person Plural
Tiger Heating is awesome .	2	Third person Singular
They gave me the run around and missing paperwork only to call back to tell me someone else wanted her and I would need to come in and put down a deposit .	2	First person Singular
Birds are hard to gain trust with , but it 's lost so easily !	9	Third person Singular
Quinn walked home the way he had come , lengthening his strides with each new block .	5	Third person Singular
It was just like Marlow . It was accepted in silence .	1	First person Singular
A statistical analysis was performed based on the application of the paired t-test on the difference of the overall score obtained in the test before and after the intervention in the two groups .	3	Third person Singular
However , if somebody looks seriously alarmed or is starting to panic , let them know that you were not being serious .	8	Third person Singular
The mycelium infuses all landscapes , it holds soils together , it 's extremely tenacious .	7	Third person Singular
The day before the outbreak of World War II , Łódź was inhabited by approximately 672,000 people , among whom 35 % were of Jewish faith and some 15 % were ethnic German .	11	Third person Singular
Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under John 's name ( if so , to whom will the letter be sent ) ?	0	Third person Singular
We exhale carbon dioxide , so does mycelium .	6	Third person Singular
There has therefore been enough time for the Commission to prepare its programme and for us to become familiar with it and explain it to our citizens .	15	First person Plural
Indeed , their reports are filled with tales of the " atrocities " of Indian troops on the innocent jihadis .	2	Third person Plural
After the 1906 earthquake , many San Franciscans relocated there , and the industrial development of the 20s and 30s saw its population in the hundreds of thousands .	21	Third person Singular
http://www.myshutter.com Before becoming disabled , I was an AVID amateur photographer .. come and visit and sign our guestbook	17	First person Plural
Greece was divided into many small , self - governing communities , a pattern largely dictated by Greek geography : every island , valley and plain is cut off from its neighbours by the sea or mountain ranges .	1	Third person Singular
I seem to remember something about ' by their works shall ye know them . "	13	Third person Plural
He loves to flirt with her when Cyprian 's not looking , but get her doing her marvellous wriggle on the floor and he just stands there like Andrew , dragging his feet .	31	Third person Singular
UN Secretary - General Kofi Annan has indicated it is time to " recognize Hezbollah " after easily being duped by " the message on the placards they are using " .	27	Third person Plural
The remodelling of some roads near bottleneck junctions to accommodate bicycle lanes has made traffic jams even worse still in recent years , and parking in the city centre is very expensive .	29	Third person Singular
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive .	0	First person Singular
When the apparently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent , it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives .	20	Third person Plural
The second night I dreamed that I was on a desert island and Sonia , our golden retriever , was with me .	6	First person Singular
The outward appearance makes you think this place is nice , but everything inside is cheap cheap cheap .	14	Third person Singular
Some scholars claim that members of Shakespeare 's family were Catholics , at a time when Catholic practice was against the law .	18	Third person Singular
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	0	First person Singular
We felt it was his day , after all .	0	First person Plural
The effect of being Paul Auster , he had begun to learn , was not altogether unpleasant .	7	Third person Singular
I 've been fuming over this fact for a few weeks now , ever since some organizations and governments suggested we need to accept the fact that Hezbollah will get involved in running Lebanon .	0	First person Singular
Still , it was painful , and he struggled desperately to swallow his pride .	3	First person Singular
I may have to postpone again , I 'll let you know later this morning .	7	First person Singular
it s kind of expensive though	1	Third person Singular
We collected wild colonies of Formica fusca by searching through old tree-trunks in old logging sites in southern Finland .	0	First person Plural
We were always having our water shut off , there were always people having parties at the pool , even after it was supposed to be closed .	4	First person Plural
This one person who I never met took a picture of me and sent it to me in an e-mail .	16	First person Singular
It was the young Texan 's job to find out what each county leader needed in the way of campaign supplies and get those supplies to them .	0	Third person Singular
Addressing inequality requires greater redistribution through national tax systems , together with enhanced programs for adult education , presumably making heavy use of new technologies .	2	Third person Singular
And then I noticed that I cheat a little bit when I write them down .	5	First person Singular
David is amazing	1	Third person Singular
It was paddled by black fellows .	1	First person Singular
Perhaps that 's why a surge of tears clouds his pupils while the syllable of time unearths his crop and surrenders his mystery to the bound waters .	2	Third person Singular
Already I 'm considering future projects , and I can assure you that for my printing needs I will be choosing no other than Atlanta Paperback Book Printing .	17	First person Singular
As it moves over land , it is cut off from the source of energy driving the storm [ which is ] the evaporation of water from the warm sea surface ;	6	Third person Singular
And I present to you a concept that these are extended neurological membranes .	2	First person Singular
The play was very good and I think well received .	2	Third person Singular
For reasons that were never made clear to him , he suddenly felt an irresistible urge for a particular red notebook at the bottom .	8	Third person Singular
We had to throw out about 80 percent of our meals because the food tasted so horrible .	0	First person Plural
But as its economy has expanded by an average of nine per cent per year for the last two decades , so has its demand for energy .	4	Third person Singular
" It 's a very , very desperate situation , " Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco said .	2	Third person Singular
Dining Room We enjoyed the atmosphere of both dining rooms on the Liberty and Mariner of the Seas .	2	First person Plural
And this was simply his opening gambit ; he would start talking about that he had been out late the night before drinking .	4	Third person Singular
I was thinking of converting it to a hover vehicle .	0	First person Singular
They seem to be just that : rumors .	0	Third person Plural
I have never been to any of these places so any suggestions and or advice would be most welcome .	0	First person Singular
Thanks for doing such great work on my important pieces of clothing that always look great !	7	First person Singular
She was way easy to work with and made my wedding day so easy and she got some amazing pictures , not only of me , but of my family and friends .	28	First person Singular
I am intrigued by the competition for trading platforms and was astonished to hear that Goldman , Morgan , BP and Shell were going to launch a site to compete with yours .	1	First person Singular
This place is identical to the Youngstown Sports Grille , so I imagine they are owned / operated by the same people .	2	Third person Singular
And we are not just talking about the so-called " quants .	1	First person Plural
Yazid Sufaat provided Moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for Infocus Technologies and allegedly provided him $ 35,000 .	9	Third person Singular
No problem , sounded like it 's done every day .	6	Third person Singular
Of course , the potential of educated , empowered women to drive sustained economic growth is not limited to South Korea .	15	Third person Singular
I have a 3 week old baby budgie and I noticed that his / her mother does not stay with him in the nest at night .	0	First person Singular
How insidious he could be , too , I was only to find out several months later and a thousand miles farther .	8	First person Singular
I really want to go to andiamo s for my birthday and i was just wondering how much it would cost for the four of us to eat there	9	First person Singular
Overpriced and the doctor acted arrogant and rushed at a time when there was very few clients in the facility .	13	Third person Singular
I 'm afraid so , he mumbled in his Englishman 's way .	5	Third person Singular
Do you think it was an appropriate form of satire for Dan Savage to popularize the definition of the santorum neologism created in his advice column ?	4	Third person Singular
He would often work for fifteen hours or more at a stretch ;	0	Third person Singular
It was a very practical salesman approach to his work .	1	Third person Singular
Hoped I helped ! ^_^	1	First person Singular
http://www.myshutter.com Before becoming disabled , I was an AVID amateur photographer .. come and visit and sign our guestbook	6	Third person Singular
This was after I brought the car !!!! !	3	First person Singular
Last year she came up to me during one of the games late in the season ; she was so happy we were going to the post season .	6	First person Singular
I discovered that a lot of imported drainage-pipes for the settlement had been tumbled in there .	0	First person Singular
It 's twice my size and eats a rabbit once a month .	6	Third person Singular
( 1 ) Everyone charged with a penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his defence .	29	Third person Singular
what does it mean when a veiled chameleon egg is soft ?	1	Third person Singular
The cost was certainly reasonable and I will continue my patronage of The Laundry Tub in the future .	6	First person Singular
I will never go back to this place and I am reporting them to the better business bureau for such horrible customer relations and basically sabotaging my pizza and taking my $ 25 .	0	First person Singular
You are meticulous in your work and it shows in my smile .	8	Third person Singular
The Dutch students have yet to decide if they will be commercializing their electric motorcycle .	8	Third person Plural
My second point has already been mentioned :	3	Third person Singular
Whether that unity endures will depend on how Europe responds .	9	Third person Singular
Nina Chahine , 19 , who with her family was among the named plaintiffs in the lawsuit , said her wedding in the southern city of Tyre was set for July 13 .	27	Third person Singular
Whether they pay me or not , if their parents get into an accident , stuck in traffic , etc. THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WAS N'T PAID .	26	Third person Singular
I do get my hackles up a bit when people haul out the old ' Rock - N - Roll made them do it ' argument .	3	First person Singular
We pointed out to the PX that there was excess credit .	0	First person Plural
Recently I 'm having trouble training him .	1	First person Singular
83 - Number of times Bush mentioned Saddam , Iraq , or regime ( as in change ) in his three State of the Union addresses .	19	Third person Singular
In addition to encouraging foreign direct investment , the EU could provide support to train local companies ' managers and help them develop their business strategies , with service providers remunerated by equity stakes or profit - sharing .	21	Third person Plural
He was a big supporter of You Know Who .	0	Third person Singular
It is close to bus lines for Opera Plaza , Galleries Lafayette , and the famous flea Market .	1	Third person Singular
We got there , and we were treated to the free " upgrade " of a room with two double beds .	5	First person Plural
It is Oct. 6 , and not one family member has been located .	10	Third person Singular
They DO NOT have a return policy and even if their product SUCKS , they will NOT take it back !	0	Third person Plural
Also , can animals remember images on TV like us , humans ?	9	First person Plural
( Kut is in southeastern Iraq and has an overwhelmingly Shiite population , who are on the lookout for Baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .	24	Third person Plural
China has its own reserves of oil and natural gas and once was a net oil exporter .	2	Third person Singular
I have a splitter / filter between my ADSL and ph line ?	0	First person Singular
I ’d said my prayers , talking a long time as usual with my Maker and thinking about some of the great mysteries the Father of Lights had revealed to me .	30	First person Singular
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	22	Third person Plural
I hope everything went all right and that Harry is okay and that you did n't do anything illegal to get him out , Ron , because that would get Harry into trouble , too .	0	First person Singular
Until now , he realized , he had never seriously questioned the circumstances of his hiring .	3	Third person Singular
The worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like Zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims that " everyone " is going to " love " the food , decor and service .	26	Third person Singular
This is to advise you that we have available , for your business or personal use , Stan 's four ( 4 ) WNBA Comets tickets .	1	Third person Singular
My origin Station is Howrah , but I want to board at Asansol ..	7	First person Singular
Paris was born in Switzerland but her parents moved her to the United Kingdom when she was six so they could be closer to the church 's headquarters .	19	Third person Plural
The request was for a Intrastate Gas Transportation Agreement and 311 Gas Transportation Agreement .	2	Third person Singular
Gallop , I 've already read that whole site and been reading through research articles from the research colleges as well .	2	First person Singular
His relationship with his family was often strained by financial and personal difficulties , and he ended several friendships over critical reviews .	5	Third person Singular
If possible I try the services on myself before I bring in my son .	12	First person Singular
I recently converted this test to an online test in order to norm it to a larger population and , subsequently , to make it available to any one who has access to a computer and the Internet .	0	First person Singular
I do n't want them to commit suicide or something haha	4	Third person Plural
I have gone there time and time again whenever I need to get my hair done or when I want a haircut .	18	First person Singular
He always hugs me when he comes , but he gave me at least 5 tight , long , back rubbing hugs while he was there .	0	Third person Singular
" Snowman did n't think anything of Johnny Carson getting a step ladder and sitting back to front on him , " he adds .	19	Third person Singular
This is important , but so is enforcement and there are , of course , a number of reasons why we need to pay particular attention to this .	1	Third person Singular
I think they may even be better than the pair I have been using this past year !	10	First person Singular
Also , he loves teaching so much , his price is unbeatable , but that does not change his level of skill .	15	Third person Singular
He also said Klein was uncommunicative , uncooperative and unwilling to walk up from cells under the courthouse to attend his hearing .	20	Third person Singular
" When a chicken or another animal with this tendency becomes frightened , its heart rate lowers and it stops moving .	10	Third person Singular
I will email names and email addresses ( or postal addresses ) of signers to NCRC4ME in time for their “ lobby day ” in Raleigh on March 15 .	19	Third person Plural
Does it cost money to use Facebook ?	0	Third person Singular
When people are searching using the virtual microscope , they will be looking not for the particles , but for the tracks that the particles make , which are much larger — several microns in diameter .	9	Third person Plural
And then I noticed that I cheat a little bit when I write them down .	11	First person Singular
Specifically , altering law once it is passed to accommodate his voting blocs .	5	Third person Singular
This is too much for me .	5	First person Singular
She asked me to bring the original piece back and I told her I had to use it on the job .	17	Third person Singular
But I ca n't give him too many shocks at once , and I say , " She has not had a Jewish upbringing . "	18	Third person Singular
and then it was morning and Festus 's assistant was at the door with the early tea .	9	First person Singular
This refers to the alleged scanning of all Usenet traffic by the National Security Agency ( and possibly other intelligence organizations ) for interesting keywords .	1	Third person Singular
It is now threatening to pull out of the Allawi caretaker government .	1	Third person Singular
Judging by the fact that Draco Malfoy usually had the best of everything , his family were rolling in wizard gold ; he could just see Malfoy strutting around a large manor house .	14	Third person Singular
& I wan na know what food has the game pieces .	1	First person Singular
Everyone tries it once — Except that there are n’t any mites around her .	1	Third person Singular
He could detect the effects of the election around him , in the bursts of conflict and the curious intersection of new ideas with old ones .	9	Third person Singular
I actually loss 4 pounds after my 1st treatment and 2 pounds after my 2nd treatment .	0	First person Singular
The media has tended to overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word " domestic " the word includes a US - based , highly - educated supporter of the militant islamists .	12	Third person Singular
why will hav to pay customs if it is a gift ... ??	8	Third person Singular
Pewter is perfect for what you are doing , and it melts on a stove top .	11	Third person Singular
He said angrily to Wentz , directing the remark at the wife through the husband , What did you get in return that was worth it ?	0	Third person Singular
And if anyone else has voted , what did you guys vote for ?	4	Third person Singular
My room was delightful and the attention to detail was amazing .	0	First person Singular
In addition , is there someone who could consider the correlation between US CPI and the $ / euro exchange rate .	3	Third person Singular
Please know that I have yet to meet a convict who wants their child to be a thief , an addict , a dealer , a prostitute , or a violent individual .	11	Third person Singular
Sorry that this response looks so long .	4	Third person Singular
If Iran and Syria - with their significant armaments , missile technologies and suspected chemical weapons capabilities - decide to engage with the relatively undersized US force in Iraq , our troops there will be fish in a barrel .	30	First person Plural
If I understand the interpreting correctly it seems that Mr Sjöstedt himself believes that national constitutions are more important than Community law .	11	Third person Singular
I found them extremely professional and would highly recommend them .	0	First person Singular
He also hurt my toes will pushing my cuticles back .	3	First person Singular
If she is nicer when you are alone I 'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend .	17	Third person Singular
I have stayed in this hotel many times , and while it typically offers a decent bang for the buck , its client base largely consists of troubled youngsteers and evictees from the local , not so pleasant hood .	11	Third person Singular
Its name was Internet Explorer 6 .	2	Third person Singular
Dekalb County Police Chief Louis Graham ... the man who reopened the investigations last year , is mysteriously stepping down .	16	Third person Singular
The market in agricultural products is therefore no longer linked exclusively to price , but to the region .	5	Third person Singular
They began to withhold power from California , and on Dec. 7 the ISO declared its first Stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts , which were narrowly averted .	0	Third person Plural
Do n't feed them broccoli , cauliflower , garlic , onions , head lettuce .... they are all too difficult for them to digest .	3	Third person Plural
I rated it 5 stars .	2	Third person Singular
For instance , you might say something like , " I do n't know why every song on the radio nowadays has a Texas Flynn feature . Does he even have time to record between rehab stints ? "	28	Third person Singular
Wire cages are NOT acceptable for dwarfs really , unless the bars have less than half a cm between them .	19	Third person Plural
Okay , it 's partly about strippers and dope .	2	Third person Singular
The pastor at this church is cool , I met him after some holiday service .	5	Third person Singular
If you look at the rooms , there 's all the accouterments you 'd find in these types of places --	8	Third person Singular
In its communication , the Commission has presented some proposals for greater consistency between regional policy and competition policy in the EU .	1	Third person Singular
The test , along with an information form , is available at : .	9	Third person Singular
France does n't have a good reputation .	1	Third person Singular
And , she granted , “ you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different — we can do better — and where she has expressed regret . ”	13	Third person Singular
He stood at the sink , drinking cold water and looking at the avocado pear pip growing suspended by three matchsticks in the neck of a pickle jar of water on the sill .	0	Third person Singular
Hi , i 'm looking to take myself and my best friend and his girl friend and this girl i really like out to dinner for my birthday .	7	First person Singular
" We called her the inventor of the 89 degrees .	3	Third person Singular
Is there any way can let him know how to walk with leash ?	0	Third person Singular
My bday is Saturday :) and I wan na have breakfast / lunch with my fam .	14	First person Singular
The Stark could not see them to stop them .	5	Third person Plural
Put on a pair of spurs and before she makes that trot step , it 's in the feeling when you feel her think trot , tick her with the spur and lift with your body to keep her moving .	38	Third person Singular
We love everything about the fence .	0	First person Plural
They were very patient and helpful from showing the cars to doing the paperwork .	0	Third person Plural
Thus kaoshikii is a blossoming of the microcosm ( unit being ) in its attempt to attain a link with the Macrocosm ( Cosmic Consciousness ) .	13	Third person Singular
I am a 20 something gay black male and I am looking for suggestions on neighborhoods close to the downtown Toronto area .	1	First person Singular
Has anyone read the letter purportedly from Ahmadinejad to George Bush ?	0	Third person Singular
It looks as if NASA is transitioning away from the shuttle model , as in the past they have proven to be quite dangerous as Columbia has recently proved .	1	Third person Singular
Another theme Higuchi repeated was the ambition and cruelty of the Meiji middle class .	4	Third person Singular
Sails are not represented in prehistoric Mesoamerican iconography or texts , instead , it is theorized that canoes were used as a primary mode of water transportation for the ancient Maya .	14	Third person Singular
Besides parking is a pain .. cramped and un-ruly with Kumon Parents next door .... gives me heebee gee bees'	2	Third person Singular
They were accomdating with my scheduled and work with my insurance to get payment for the surgery .	0	Third person Plural
" We 're not happy with Hamas 's position at this stage and in light of the Israeli escalation against the Palestinians , " commented Khader Habib , a senior Islamic Jihad official .	1	First person Plural
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1 - 2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything .	24	First person Plural
I try to say it every time as if it was the first time I said it .	10	Third person Singular
The programme has also contributed to the activities of 50000 creative or performing artists and other specialists in the cultural sector .	2	Third person Singular
The lime green Skittles add a sourness to the drink , so if you want one that 's sweet , leave the green ones out and add them to their own bottle for a sour lime vodka .	29	Third person Plural
He is too great , too good , to lose .	0	Third person Singular
This is a delivery office only and does not take walk ins but they do have a blue box out front .	13	Third person Plural
DNA is the only way to test this .	1	Third person Singular
On call , it takes a day to get our issues resolved .	9	First person Plural
Your learning of concepts of all kinds combines with extensive group activity , bringing your mind into a whole new space this year .	7	Third person Singular
Was it some kind of literary thing you wanted to talk about ? Auster began .	0	First person Singular
why will hav to pay customs if it is a gift ... ??	7	Third person Singular
The fact is , when I began traveling for business to New England , when I first visited my in - laws in Montana and Idaho , I was shocked at the lack of racial diversity .	2	Third person Singular
Atmosphere is always fun , the assortment of customers adds entertainment to the meal	9	Third person Singular
The listener is challenged to complete the sense .	2	Third person Singular
He also hurt my toes will pushing my cuticles back .	7	First person Singular
I can say all of our EPM horses were treated early when they were showing mild signs like Shee gave and all returned to racing .	5	First person Plural
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	10	First person Plural
Everything is always cooked fresh and tastes fresh .	1	Third person Singular
The gender gap is real , and in some cases it is extreme .	10	Third person Singular
If anyone has any questions on the above please let me know .	2	Third person Singular
It was Khalid Mohammed who told authorities about Aafia Siddiqui , who has a PhD from Brandeis in neurology .	12	Third person Singular
( 1 ) Everyone charged with a penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his defence .	28	Third person Singular
The 22 member countries of the Arab league , from Mauritania to the Gulf States , have a total population of 300 millions , larger than the US and almost as large as the EU before its expansion .	36	Third person Singular
I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what 's the point ?	24	Third person Singular
Even Zawahiri 's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced .	22	Third person Plural
This is an issue which affects aspects of everyday life .	1	Third person Singular
He was five feet six , I should judge , and had his grip on the handle-end of ever so many millions .	0	Third person Singular
I understand that it is a competitive process , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability .	34	First person Singular
This map shows the location of the Ross Ice Shelf in the Antarctic , and the two known localities for E. andrillae relative to McMurdo Station	2	Third person Singular
My sister and I would like to go to Ireland .	0	First person Singular
It would have been more than one could bear !	0	Third person Singular
Victim of hard times and I suspect failing corporate management .	5	First person Singular
Regarding how long the beverage will be made available , Stan remarked to The Brooklyn Paper , " We 'll keep it around until he ’s irrelevant . I hope he ’s there the whole way " .	28	First person Singular
The young were mostly dead , and the old men had been taken away , they told us , to learn important new things and to come back when they were ready to contribute fully .	29	Third person Plural
That , and the repairs when I brought the pieces to the station , took some months .	6	First person Singular
certainly not " normal " photography ... forensic photography is about the facts :	9	Third person Singular
I was just in last night and had a chance to dine in their new dining room .	13	Third person Plural
Theravada Buddhist monks are also supposed to avoid material temptations and as such , are not allowed to touch money , so offering money to a monk is considered to be a sign of disrespect in most Theravada Buddhist cultures .	27	Third person Singular
I should have asked then but i did n't the only line i remember is de lunde bar .. or something like that .. does anybody know which song i am talking about ?	24	Third person Singular
Goodwyn dutifully notes that Baba Groom did n't remember George telling drunk stories .	2	Third person Singular
Despite the aftershocks I would recommend going to Christchurch , just for the experience and then you can see first hand how things get effected by earthquakes .	3	First person Singular
Her mother Ismat last saw Aafia and her grandchildren before they left in a minicab at the end of March .	7	Third person Singular
Cures insomnia .	0	Third person Singular
They have sent over their top reporter Ahmed Mansour to the town , and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of Al - Sahhaf .	14	Third person Singular
Anyway , I was practically raised on this stuff , and being a connoisseur of West Indian cuisine , Jamaica Way is a bit toned down to suit the American palette .	3	First person Singular
That pollution was money to that community , and those people dealt with the pollution and absorbed it into their skin and into their bodies because they needed the money .	2	Third person Singular
Margot 's had to be in the kitchen herself from six in the morning , and some nights it 's been until ten .	1	Third person Singular
Imagine that when we got on this boat , we were all given two Styrofoam peanuts .	9	First person Plural
It simply refers to the same ICC publication for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generally .	13	Third person Singular
He reports that the Iraqi Islamic Party , which had earlier been absolutely committed to getting out the Sunni vote , is now wavering and saying their position will depend on the situation .	0	Third person Singular
Another worrisome sign is that local Iraqi Sunni fundamentalists opposed to the US presence in Iraq have begun joining Monotheism and Holy War , and wearing its distinctive orange and black insignia .	26	Third person Singular
She feeds well the baby on her own , the baby is ok but she does not go in the nest to stay with him at night ...	11	Third person Singular
Now , we should aim to get in a few good compliments at dinner .	2	First person Plural
My colleagues !	0	First person Singular
It keeps changing between narrative and email .	1	Third person Singular
As I mentioned in my e-mail , John Lepore at Select Energy ( Settlements Group ) is trying to reconcile our list with his list .	20	First person Plural
Gracee is more excited to see her than she is to see me !!!!	12	First person Singular
Well , I mean , you do n't have to be mad about it .	13	Third person Singular
He had a uniform jacket with one button off , and seeing a white man on the path , hoisted his weapon to his shoulder with alacrity .	20	Third person Singular
Our extra bedroom is nicer now .	3	Third person Singular
I knew that he was an innocent but I would never have believed him to be ignorant of such a thing .	4	First person Singular
And then I had a bit of some time off in 2011 .	2	First person Singular
I have since purchased two cars from this dealership , The first one was from Phillip and the second was from Richard .	19	Third person Singular
He could , of course , see with his own eyes what happened , and all these things he dutifully recorded in his red notebook . But the meaning of these things continued to elude him .	18	Third person Singular
Peppermint oil cotton balls need to be replaced after 5 - 7 days , depending upon the quantity of oil you put on it .	23	Third person Singular
she laughed , protested apologetically , and shook cologne down into her freckled bosom .	11	Third person Singular
They were just flung out there , and on we went .	0	Third person Plural
I 'm still at home .	0	First person Singular
One has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these people do n't know what they are , do n't care , or know perfectly well .	25	Third person Plural
Mrs Weasley and Ginny were going to a second-hand robe shop . Mr Weasley was insisting on taking the Grangers off to the Leaky Cauldron for a drink .	14	First person Singular
I also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of services that I did not need .	16	First person Singular
I say we just keep the dough and go to Mexico .	0	First person Singular
We will fight with them about who owes the $ 200 k that James mentions below based on their failure to " assist " us in managing the cost .	4	Third person Plural
Never checked back with us once we got our food .	6	First person Plural
Remove your fingers from the existing grip and replace them with your new laser grip .	9	Third person Plural
Spanish is a language often used for day-to-day discourse in many places , although English is the language of preference , especially when dealing with businesses and government .	15	Third person Singular
We started it basically , because I wanted to - I wanted to work with Isabel on a lot of projects that we had going on together .	10	First person Singular
You can place the chicken on its breast instead .	6	Third person Singular
I do n't want to have to deal with those deal - a - day websites like Groupon .	0	First person Singular
This is my first experience and I have two six week old kittens right now and am at my wit s end .	18	First person Singular
Just last night we were saying we 'd come and get you ourselves if you had n't written back to Ron by Friday .	12	First person Plural
I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there , but i do know from personal experience that Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka is not a man of his word , and is also very CRUEL AND UNCARING !!	25	Third person Singular
I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again , I 'll definitely order a steak .	0	First person Singular
Just be sure to follow through with your deadline rather than ignoring it when your alarm finally goes off .	17	Third person Singular
However , Socotra is a perfect destination for the adventurous and nature loving travelers .	3	Third person Singular
Corrado Passera withdraws the offer for Mps due to " the attitude of total closure that the Bank has shown to us " .	18	Third person Singular
But your cat is passing a LOT of urine , and this is bad .	3	Third person Singular
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	28	First person Singular
The agreement was that Gorbachev agreed to a quite remarkable concession : he agreed to let a united Germany join the NATO military alliance .	12	Third person Singular
We hope that in time , we will have millions of articles with many of them having featured status .	6	First person Plural
Yes , it s that good .	2	Third person Singular
Many details remain to be worked out , but we will keep you advised .	9	First person Plural
if the computer is completely shut off , the USB ports are n't getting power , so they wo n't charge your phone	17	Third person Plural
I took the weekend off and came in and asked for the manager who is Jeff and he remembered her right away even remembered her dog , I was a bit shocked that someone would pay that close attention .	14	Third person Singular
Sails are not represented in prehistoric Mesoamerican iconography or texts , instead , it is theorized that canoes were used as a primary mode of water transportation for the ancient Maya .	13	Third person Singular
The IMF rarely makes front - page headlines in the United States or other big countries , except when there is a racy personal dimension .	20	Third person Singular
“ Freeloaders drive systemic evolution , ” you find yourself saying .	9	Second person Singular
It was a Texas accent .	1	Third person Singular
I have to mention that i recently separated the father into another cage close to the ' nest cage ' because he and the mother were fighting .	0	First person Singular
I would recommend her to anyone !	3	Third person Singular
Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me .	11	First person Singular
Mr President , Commissioner , I would like to begin by thanking Mrs Schroedter , the rapporteur , for her work .	5	First person Singular
But it has outlived its usefulness , and Microsoft no longer wants to support it .	11	Third person Singular
P.S. - I am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause .	2	First person Singular
It had known and served all the men of whom the nation is proud , from Sir Francis Drake to Sir John Franklin , knights all , titled and untitled – the great knights-errant of the sea .	12	Third person Singular
I would have had to because with the economy the way it is i ai nt haves much monies fo repairs round the House ....	12	Third person Singular
If you ’re in an elevator that is playing music , start to dance .	7	Third person Singular
Mrs. Wentz had the tone of voice that sounds as if the speaker is addressing noone but himself .	17	Third person Singular
73 - Number of times that Bush mentioned terrorism or terrorists in his three State of the Union addresses .	12	Third person Singular
It was Don Quixote who engineered the Benengali quartet .	1	First person Singular
Having been a psychologist for a number of years gives me a leg up on it .	10	First person Singular
That seems cruel to me though .	1	Third person Singular
In Iraqi society , PM Allawi is responsible for protecting his clan , including especially his first cousins , so this kidnapping makes him look weak and brings substantial shame on him .	15	Third person Singular
He does , however , hold an engineer 's ticket and can do complicated emergency repairs in mid-ocean .	1	Third person Singular
Dessert was ... hmmm , that 's interesting , I do n't even remember dessert .	6	Third person Singular
We have had the cat for 10 years and do nt want to leave it .	0	First person Plural
XML is a data interchange format in that it allows you to exchange data between dissimilar systems or applications .	9	Third person Singular
When I finally found someone at the desk who could speak English , they moved our room , but we still did not receive the single queen we had " reserved "	13	Third person Plural
It was a great deal -- we paid a certain amount per person , and my husband and I chose 4 types of pizza and the servers brought out as much as we wanted .	6	First person Plural
She said , There 're bulbs like you see in films round the star 's dressing-table , and they light up and spell INDEPENDENCE HURRAH .	0	Third person Singular
There was no explanation .	1	Third person Singular
It 's dark , dingy & dirty .	0	Third person Singular
if you do n’t lay a good foundation here , then the punchline wo n’t make sense to the audience or they wo n’t find it humorous .	21	Third person Plural
I imagine by the time she 's prepared to trust the baby to Venetia the celebrations 'll be over .	0	First person Singular
I love the people , the product and the service !	0	First person Singular
The reason for it is because people were fighting for our land , either defending it or extending it , because that was the main source .	4	Third person Singular
We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment .	0	First person Plural
In all my travels I ’ve never seen anything like it and am often met with an odd look when I explain them to foreigners .	12	First person Singular
I feed them Flakes , and Live Earthworms uncut everyday .	0	First person Singular
The theory I present in the essay is that he is actually a combination of four different people .	7	Third person Singular
The reality is that it stands for and operationalizes US power , in cooperation with America 's closest allies .	4	Third person Singular
Basically , she came up with a few class projects , and I came up with a few class projects ;	12	First person Singular
It is exceptionally rich in minerals , containing large deposits of gold , diamonds , and ores of manganese , lead , zinc , nickel , cobalt and molybdenum .	1	Third person Singular
In other words , how do they treat those with different beliefs , cultural backgrounds and ways of seeing the world ?	6	Third person Plural
This is an effort that is underway .	5	Third person Singular
I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it : I do n't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says .	25	Third person Singular
It sounds like your dog may benefit from being hospitalized , and put on IV fluids to help his hydration , administer the antibiotics IV , and to ensure that he starts to recover .	18	Third person Singular
They were accomdating with my scheduled and work with my insurance to get payment for the surgery .	9	First person Singular
I am not saying it is a 5 star hotel .	0	First person Singular
is a start tag and is an end tag which together describe an element of data , in this case , the customer 's name .	5	Third person Singular
I got him from the new labour exchange – I thought , well , let 's try it , so they send him along , five years ' experience , everything fine .	0	First person Singular
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	33	First person Plural
" Tonight we are carrying out punishments using a high beam , " the post reads .	15	Third person Singular
So it 's wonderful to be able to rescue that and bring it to a new format and a new tradition for Mexicans .	12	Third person Singular
The rules are even more strict for foreign visitors , so even if you see a local in shorts it 's not OK for everyone .	20	Third person Singular
Unfortunalty my husband and I had to put our 13 year old lab down that morning and we were not expecting this .	1	First person Singular
The gender gap is real , and in some cases it is extreme .	3	Third person Singular
They said he had caused the fire in some way ; be that as it may , he was screeching most horribly .	2	Third person Singular
He says : I not know that town , I have to get to work , I 'm in PHILLY .	16	First person Singular
it is to late for me to add changes .	0	Third person Singular
The first thing you notice when you arrive on location is that the waiting line literally goes out the door and spills into the parking lot .	21	Third person Singular
If we are to get a common transport market genuinely up and running , it is important that we should not only have regulations but that these regulations should also , as far as possible , apply to every country .	14	Third person Singular
Notwithstanding the foregoing two ( 2 ) sentences , if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder , it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor .	15	Third person Singular
Ca n't catch you this time but 14721 keep me posted on your next trip .	9	First person Singular
He successfully defended his dissertation in 1891 .	3	Third person Singular
As they stared at each other , Harry heard Dudley 's voice from the hall .	1	Third person Plural
I must say , I was impressed with the size of the bar area and lounge , & I liked that you could see the brewery right thru the glass !	0	First person Singular
I found them and purchased both from a gallery in London , William Weston .	2	Third person Plural
GOODWYN : Murph Archibald says that at first , he did n't know that Mr. Bush was serving in the Air National Guard .	4	Third person Singular
HTML describes how a Web page should look , whereas XML defines the data and describes how the data should be structured .	1	Third person Singular
That he did n’t show up for duty in Alabama ?	1	Third person Singular
That lady at PetSmart is a disgrace to the rest of us PetSmart associates ... sheesh .	4	Third person Singular
She says this in so ringing a voice that I retreat .	0	Third person Singular
In the standing photo ( from the front ) there is a corner of a rug creeping in , some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord .	10	Third person Singular
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	20	First person Singular
If your coach has no fights and you never see him train and sweat something is wrong !	15	Third person Singular
My family is calling for your urgent assistance in funding the removal of the President of the Republic of Iraq and acquiring the petroleum assets of his country , as compensation for the costs of removing him from power .	36	Third person Singular
Roly was a bachelor and his house was the particular mixture of tranquil luxury and unchangeable dreariness that is a condition of households where white men live indulged in the sole charge of black male servants .	5	Third person Singular
We were familiar with Search Engine Optimization strategies , but new nothing about Social Media - we just heard that it was the next big thing .	16	First person Plural
But I propose to you that the sequence of microbes that occur on rotting mushrooms are essential for the health of the forest .	2	First person Singular
This makes the Dursleys sound almost human .	1	Third person Singular
So his name will remain unspoken .	1	Third person Singular
it s definitely not you .	1	Third person Singular
It is neither desirable nor feasible for China to return to the trajectory of 10 % annual growth that it achieved in the three decades after 1980 .	0	Third person Singular
Qanooni refused to accept the Iranian advice as his fellow Panjsheri Tajiks urged him to stand against Karzai .	13	Third person Singular
It only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa .	2	Third person Singular
The below site from the US government verifies this - it 's the same for Canada , too .....	11	Third person Singular
Musharraf made his coup in part because of the military 's anger over Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's willingness to back down from confronting India over Kashmir , so that he explicitly came to power as a warmonger .	30	Third person Singular
The purpose of these CRTC hearings is to field responses from industry stakeholders and the public .	6	Third person Singular
Again , I think the problem is people who sink to far into their own egos , and begin to take their personal metaphors a bit too literaly .	13	Third person Plural
Here , she met her future husband and subsequently left the church .	2	Third person Singular
Put him in dog obedience school or call a professional dog trainer . :)	1	Third person Singular
He closed his eyes again wishing it would stop , and then – he fell , face forward , onto cold stone and felt his glasses shatter .	13	Third person Singular
On South Andaman , the most heavily populated island , is Port Blair , which is the capital and the only large town in the entire archipelago .	15	Third person Singular
In the meantime , we extend our best wishes for a safe and happy holiday season .	6	First person Plural
" While we do n't have anything specific to announce today , Google and the Wikimedia Foundation are collaboratively evaluating creative ways to support Wikipedia.org and its community . "	26	Third person Singular
In the long run , only educate the next generation and open it to the world .	12	Third person Singular
Between us there was , as I have already said somewhere , the bond of the sea .	3	First person Singular
Not only am I being bilked for money I do not owe , the office staff is rude to boot .	3	First person Singular
But I also see that as a fatal misconception , which is doing Sunnis harm , because I do n't believe the US is going anywhere so soon .	23	Third person Singular
Oh well , I 'll get it when it comes out in Febuary .	9	Third person Singular
He 's always like " ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours , I wish I had mine ! " and he is n't even joking .	24	Third person Singular
He did not even give me the chance to say i would stay on the ventilator longer , which i would have .	5	First person Singular
The food is mediocre at best , and largely overpriced given the portion size and quality .	2	Third person Singular
It was just as though I had been let into some conspiracy – I do n't know – something not quite right ; and I was glad to get out .	13	First person Singular
she is waiting to see if she can get financing .	1	Third person Singular
As a parent , I can well imagine how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning .	4	First person Singular
He was a common trader , from his youth up employed in these parts – nothing more .	1	First person Singular
I do n't know . The girl shrugged once again .	0	First person Singular
I highly recommend Debi , she does an amazing job , I " love " the way she cuts my hair , extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .	17	Third person Singular
Who knows how much they want me to pay to fix this thing .	1	Third person Singular
I know you all are going to have so much fun with them .	0	First person Singular
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .	26	Third person Singular
Twinkle Twinkle lazy star Kitna soyega uthja yaar , up above the world so high , sun has risen in the sky , uthke jaldi pee le chai , then call me up and say " HI "	31	First person Singular
We oppose the excessive control the central administration of the Union and its Member States exercises and we are calling for a reduction in the bureaucracy that has taken root in the drafting and implementation of programmes .	17	First person Plural
Panting , Ron hoisted them up into the car .	4	Third person Plural
As it turned out , the Soviets never made it to the moon .	9	Third person Singular
It looks like the future of space exploration might as well be with the space tourists .	0	Third person Singular
I sent a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was .	13	Third person Singular
Well , what is the problem ?	3	Third person Singular
I am looking forward to seeing Ginger " Rees " Copeland when she comes to Houston .	0	First person Singular
I hurried home .	0	First person Singular
It s natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank would be very overcrowded .	1	Third person Singular
Coined by Bill Gates to represent the company that was devoted to MICROcomputer SOFTware .	9	Third person Singular
She was determined to make no end of fuss to get me appointed skipper of a river steamboat , if such was my fancy .	1	First person Singular
Ideally the quaffle and bludgers should be slightly deflated so that they are easier to throw and catch .	11	Third person Plural
Nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at the time the penal offence was committed .	9	Third person Singular
They shut the owl in the paint locker while they debated what to do with it , and in the night John set it free .	9	Third person Plural
It was an ingrown toenail .	0	Third person Singular
She is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out .	0	Third person Singular
the telephone number is incorrect - our new mobile number is 07551310002 or landline 01634 710033 .	6	First person Plural
We are a consortium of legit honorable guilds that was established in 1997 for DI and we are now adding GW to the list of games played .	9	Third person Singular
Hopefully , if we 're still dating come December , you and Chuck can meet him when you come back to visit .	15	Third person Singular
I realize they are young and that cats do climb , but this is just ridiculous .	2	Third person Plural
Stephanie 's knowledge of the market and properties in our price range , made us feel secure in our decision to buy when we did .	14	First person Plural
Plus , I work with Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that , instead of having a lawyer she has n't dealt with initial it .	23	Third person Singular
Take the 20 seconds to use a couple twist ties on the fasteners to make sure they do n’t come loose .	16	Third person Plural
At the moment , Germany has a massive surplus in its balance of trade with the rest of the Union , something like 25 billion .	10	Third person Singular
It appears this guy is going to bring stability to the country and I think that 's good news for the subcontinent . "	13	First person Singular
Lied right to my face then denied it .	3	First person Singular
Language : Its Nature , Development and Origin ( 1922 ) is considered by many to be his masterpiece .	11	Third person Singular
some beautiful locations like close to Karol Bagh Shopping Market , Presidential Palace , and Birla Mandir Temple and Connaught Place and Jantar Mantar are near to it .	27	Third person Singular
I was wondering if you could give me some references regarding the calculation of correlation coefficients from a GARCH model .	0	First person Singular
Before I left Chicago , the art critic Harold Rosenberg said to me , " Going to Jerusalem ?	1	First person Singular
When I ask my mom she says she will never let a snake in her house .	7	Third person Singular
A silver swarm coalesces around the 164th , and she vanishes into it , like a snip of scallion into cloudy miso soup .	3	Third person Singular
I have been researching on line and find things are quite pricey but the tours look great .	0	First person Singular
I am VERY satisfied .	0	First person Singular
If they smell strongly earlier , test with a wooden skewer ; if it returns clean after sticking into a cupcake , they 're ready .	22	Third person Plural
But China 's growing middle class has been unusually vocal in its complaints about toxic air in cities like Beijing , which can see day after day of lung - choking smog .	6	Third person Singular
I had Hom - Excel replace most of the windows in my Tampa residence three years ago .	11	First person Singular
This is what persuades us to vote in favour of it .	1	Third person Singular
We four affectionately watched his back as he stood in the bows looking to seaward .	4	Third person Singular
He showed me the car I was interested in and we took a test drive .	0	Third person Singular
I would have had to because with the economy the way it is i ai nt haves much monies fo repairs round the House ....	16	Third person Singular
I have to say that the baby does not scream after her of anything ... he / she sleeps .	7	Third person Singular
should I be embarrassed that I have n't the slightest idea what that means ?	13	Third person Singular
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .	6	Third person Plural
I should think the bar of the Silver Rhino 's as good a place as any to learn what 's really going on .	9	Third person Singular
It 's also fuelled the emergence of modern high - rises -- like the visionary MahaNakhon , Bangkok 's tallest building .	1	Third person Singular
Just remember that death is not the end - Bob Dylan	4	Third person Singular
I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts .	1	First person Singular
As we 're getting more and more of those agreements , I 'd like to add a template in Global Contracts .	11	First person Singular
He knows his bees !	2	Third person Singular
The theory I present in the essay is that he is actually a combination of four different people .	10	Third person Singular
2.3 m - Number of Americans who lost their jobs during first three Years of the Bush administration .	8	Third person Plural
You are right , we do need a formal plan , Thane has started an initial draft .	4	First person Plural
Bush received an honorable discharge after serving five years , four months and five days of his original six - year commitment .	16	Third person Singular
The title page of the 1594 edition of Titus Andronicus reveals that the play had been acted by three different troupes .	10	Third person Singular
It was all sorted with no hassle at all and I 'm really grateful - they were fab .	10	First person Singular
Moonlight was shining through the bars on the window .	1	First person Singular
He looked up and saw the woman first .	0	Third person Singular
Not owners that seem like they have something to hide and know nothing about common courtesy and customer service .	5	Third person Plural
He wondered if the young Auster had been any better at it than he was .	14	First person Singular
it is not frequent .	0	Third person Singular
You could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point , it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive .	17	Third person Singular
For heaven 's sake , let them have it , it 's someone else 's turn to burn the midnight oil there , now ...	11	Third person Singular
According to Wilkins , Warhol was able to reproduce the Polaroid photograph and create an enlargement of it , which he then could use to commit the image to the silk screen medium by applying paint or manipulating them further .	5	Third person Singular
And notice that as the mycelium grows , it conquers territory and then it begins the net .	6	Third person Singular
They , above – the Council in Europe , you know – mean him to be .	13	Third person Singular
Bending to the right indicates : " I know the right way to request You . "	4	Third person Singular
I have since purchased two cars from this dealership , The first one was from Phillip and the second was from Richard .	13	Third person Singular
Workers who do these introductions look at the interaction objectively ; and it 's good to see they are able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem .	13	Third person Singular
Mark at Tintman Nationwide tints Ltd , did a very Professional job very quick , no fuss , deliverd the car to me and I drove him back home , Great arrangement Great price !!	24	First person Singular
My hair has never felt this healthy , either .	2	Third person Singular
So far what they have done together has been good for us and that ’s how we would like to keep it ’’ , says Karzai .	24	Third person Singular
i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice , and in used gerbil bedding .	0	First person Singular
He was obeyed , yet he inspired neither love nor fear , nor even respect .	5	Third person Singular
If you edit the ConnectionString property of a page that is linked to a connection file , the link will be broken and the ConnectionFile property will be set to null .	10	Third person Singular
Morne à l'eau , renowned for its amazing cemetery composed of burial places made of black and white tiles .	6	Third person Singular
he told me he was going to be the first African at the bar here .	4	First person Singular
I still do the odd chapter , but i am a bit delinquent in finishing some of them these days !	9	First person Singular
My wife has a slight impediment in her speech .	7	Third person Singular
Now when I was a little chap I had a passion for maps .	7	First person Singular
he might never be a cuddly , loving , tame bird , but you can still have a friendly bond .	0	Third person Singular
SHE KNOWS GREAT FOOD AND DINING EXPERIENCES .	1	Third person Singular
Learn more about our name policies .	0	Second person Singular
I had a rose named after me and I was very flattered .	8	First person Singular
" What a man he would have been had he known how to write !	4	Third person Singular
Just recently discovered them last time I was down there , they 're very nice ) www.kaffeeeis.co.nz	3	Third person Plural
I spoke with Jeff Hodge yesterday regarding the additional language from Peoples regarding Audit Rights .	0	First person Singular
Pointe-à-Pitre : with its suburbs , it is the economic capital of Guadeloupe	3	Third person Singular
The play was very good and I think well received .	6	First person Singular
Our time is likely to be limited to 5 - 10 minutes .	2	Third person Singular
They needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files on Wilson .	0	Third person Plural
or are they just supposed to look like they are so nothing will try to eat them	8	Third person Plural
So , as each post is downloaded and the directions carefully followed , all members will be reimbursed for their participation as a List Developer with one dollar each .	5	Third person Singular
Rowe was the first biographer to record the tradition , repeated by Johnson , that Shakespeare retired to Stratford ' some years before his death ' .	1	Third person Singular
Our exploratory study included three basic steps .	0	First person Plural
Ask her about the handsome young man from Texas , and she remembers him 32 years later like it was yesterday .	18	Third person Singular
However , his rival Prabowo Subianto also declared victory , leaving Indonesian citizens confused .	2	Third person Singular
This , as well as the deficiencies in the networks of infrastructures and services and a generally very low level of employment , which furthermore is seasonal and lacks diversity , exacerbates the exodus from rural areas .	28	Third person Singular
Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to -- and trust me we have been to a lot of them .	37	Third person Plural
GOODWYN : The candidate Mr. Bush was working for , Red Blount , had gotten rich in Alabama in the construction business .	6	Third person Singular
Unfortunately , I ca n't forward your message to him directly ( there seems to be a problem with the attachment ) .	9	Third person Singular
Quinn was rewinding the spool for another attempt when Auster and his wife entered the room .	1	First person Singular
Wentz put down his glass beside his chair , to do the justice of full attention to what he was going to say .	3	Third person Singular
And I gave it all my heart , all my energy , based upon principles that did not change once I got into the Oval Office .	1	First person Singular
I thought that since Chonawee has an optimization background , he would be good to have him go to dinner with Dr. Lasdon on Thrusday as well .	5	Third person Singular
Please calendar and print for my files on this meeting .	5	First person Singular
Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !	29	First person Singular
Royal Caribbean is better , but the best cruiseline is Regent Seven Seas .	9	Third person Singular
i am very discouraged and sad and i do n't know what to do .	7	First person Singular
I would actually send them the draft Development Agreement a couple days after the LOI .	4	Third person Plural
His art perfectly combines painting and Chinese calligraphy .	0	Third person Singular
We thought it was funny .	0	First person Plural
And the village was deserted , the huts gaped black , rotting , all askew within the fallen enclosures .	3	First person Singular
The foundation is now ready to support Ukrainians ' strongly felt desire to establish resilient democratic institutions ( above all , an independent and professional judiciary ) .	2	Third person Singular
There are other places with food just as good with management that values customers and employees much more .	12	Third person Singular
Consonant gradation is a feature in both Finnish and northern Sami dialects , but it is not present in south Sami , which is considered to have a different language history .	2	Third person Singular
You are not French for a start , so the " rules " or " customs " may not apply to you when it comes to entering into a relationship between people from different backgrounds .	23	Third person Singular
I 'm not even in Iraq and I could have predicted to you the consequences of doing what the CPA has been doing .	20	Third person Singular
For example , some snakes will routinely go off their food in both the summer and winter , feeding mainly in spring and fall .	9	Third person Plural
They both had pools for kids and adults .	0	Third person Plural
All you have to do is become a member and watch your earnings grow !	5	Third person Singular
I think they 'll send us another update once he 's out of emergency and into a room .?	0	First person Singular
1 . The pricing that we have given CRRA is specific to FuelCell Energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer ( i.e. , ONSI would be a lot more money ) .	5	First person Plural
This is the year you 're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world , as expansion is the theme .	1	Third person Singular
After that , what do we do ?	5	First person Plural
The main reason attributed for the pollution of Athens is because the city is enclosed by mountains in a basin which does not let the smog leave .	21	Third person Singular
Fish tacos are my fave simple and filling Highly recommend Mi Pueblo .	3	First person Singular
He sits down , saying that the influence of Yasir Arafat is evidently weakening and fading .	0	Third person Singular
I am half way through the first and you can borrow it when I am through .	11	Third person Singular
That s how they were caught .	1	Third person Singular
I have the impression that the honourable Member believes the public invitation to tender in connection with the tunnel has already started .	8	Third person Singular
Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off ?	8	Third person Singular
This debate and the amendment of the Directive currently in force allow us to incorporate differentiating elements which demonstrate the diversity of this Europe of ours .	11	First person Singular
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch .	22	First person Singular
Needs to go out of business	0	Third person Singular
i think Miramar was a famous goat trainer or something .	3	Third person Singular
It 's just not worth it .	0	Third person Singular
I moved to Creekside Apartments in August 2008 with a 6 - month lease and have just extended it for another 13 months !	18	Third person Singular
It 's worth a look .	0	Third person Singular
But there was nothing else obviously artistic about her or in her behavior with other people .	8	Third person Singular
How can I make my password strong ?	2	First person Singular
I do n't know how others feel , but I 'm definitely looking into immigration to Canada as an option .	0	First person Singular
I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed .	0	First person Singular
Please deliver a copy to me as well .	5	First person Singular
He 's pretty much an " I love American Food , good drinks on occasion , laid back . " kind of guy . ;)	6	First person Singular
Harry knew he should n't have risen to Dudley 's bait , but Dudley had said the very thing Harry had been thinking himself maybe he did n't have any friends at Hogwarts	23	Third person Singular
Middle Office work being prioritised is as follows	7	Third person Singular
Furthermore , the occurrence of hurricanes on the island is possible during the summer .	9	Third person Singular
the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open - ended downside , loses $ 50 million , and then claims that it was not a valid contract .	32	Third person Singular
That 's a sign of arrogance , since it is very hard to be a truly good friend to someone who 's stuck on themselves .	24	Third person Plural
Should we find at any point that this is not the case , we will take the appropriate steps .	13	First person Plural
If you hear a lot of awkward pauses or “ah”s or “um”s , your joke isn ’t ready and you need to practice more . [ 8 ]	15	Third person Singular
This is either gross incompetence or was done with dark ulterior motives that can scarcely be guessed at .	6	Third person Singular
There was another large meal , and an exchange about a bottle of white wine between Dando and his cook , Festus .	18	Third person Singular
Imagine yourself sitting on the beach serenely and restfully .	1	Second person Singular
I have ate here 3 times since they first opened , and the service has been poor each time , the staff always comes across as somewhat rude and slow .	14	Third person Singular
We played a new version of Uno called " African Uno " that was complex , fast and at times , physically challenging .	0	First person Plural
There was one Paul Auster in Manhattan , living on Riverside Drive – not far from Quinn 's own house .	1	First person Singular
Her broad-brimmed hat is still sailing on the wind .	0	Third person Singular
Because a number of the declarations and signature pages are not yet available electronically , they have not been included with this note .?	15	Third person Plural
I will have to move my weekly meeting to Tuesday .	0	First person Singular
Two years later , Jutting , now 31 , is on trial at Hong Kong 's High Court , charged with two counts of murder and one of preventing lawful burial .	9	Third person Singular
In practise it turns out that it is sometimes impossible to answer this question .	3	Third person Singular
I think the first step is a call between yourself , me , Mark Stubley and Mike Indivero .	9	Second person Singular
They also have a number of other important environmental impacts .	0	Third person Plural
I , along with my friends , consider this doctor to be the cause of my death as he is not even trying to save my life by operating .	4	First person Singular
Business Case : If we offered Dean 55 k or 60 k it would still constitute a over a $ 10,000 increase ( approximately 25 % ) and taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory at the specialist level .	31	Third person Singular
It 's a big year for you , friend Pisces .	1	Third person Singular
The Chair has already stated that the proposal was made in accordance with the Rules , so there are no grounds for changing anything .	2	Third person Singular
Do n't pry into his or her personal life — keep things light , fun , and focused on worry-free subjects .	4	Third person Singular
In the three years I have been here , I am unaware of an ENA / ECT bad faith claim against any insurance company .	4	First person Singular
From the point of view of a business , and client / operator relationships , he 's doing a really shitty job .	16	Third person Singular
We must not content ourselves with sealing another hole in the safety net and shutting our eyes to the fact that , where transport safety in Europe is concerned , there is still much more to be done .	4	First person Plural
So I may as well just come out with it : It is pretty suspicious , given the Neocon predominance in the CPA and in the upper reaches of the Defense Department that on April 2 AP reported of Muqtada :	1	First person Singular
He was a seaman , but he was a wanderer , too , while most seamen lead , if one may so express it , a sedentary life .	1	First person Singular
Education during the Renaissance was mainly composed of ancient literature and history as it was thought that the classics provided moral instruction and an intensive understanding of human behavior .	13	Third person Singular
Unfortunately , bold action to address these fragilities seems more distant than ever .	8	Third person Singular
Unfortunately for them , the general has decided to take seriously Colin Powell 's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the Indians made conciliatory gestures toward Islamabad .	6	Third person Singular
Has the internet helped or hurt magic ?	0	Third person Singular
Then he went into the kitchen , ate a bowl of cornflakes , and smoked another cigarette .	1	Third person Singular
Since your own death approaches far more quickly , this is unlikely to be of any use to you .	4	Third person Singular
Leave me alone . cut it out . I 'm trying to sleep .	1	First person Singular
I went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000 etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info it s greatly appreciated .	0	First person Singular
They bake bread fresh daily , they do n't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it , and the meat is always fresh .	18	Third person Singular
A few minutes after I left , I was called and informed that " I " left my wheel lock ( which they should have left in the car ) .	4	First person Singular
We walked back through the school because it was drizzling , my father tall in his navy suit and my shoes going click on the linoleum .	19	First person Singular
He eats all of his grain but it just takes him a while to get it chewed because of the lack of muscle in his jaws .	15	Third person Singular
His military intelligence has captured major figures like Abu Zubayda and Khalid Shaykh Muhammad , as well as nearly 500 other al - Qaeda operatives , over 400 of whom the Pakistanis have turned over to the US .	3	Third person Singular
He had a robe that was made back in the '60s .	5	Third person Singular
My cat is a outside cat but she loves it inside .	7	Third person Singular
The evaluation report of the Pericles Programme was submitted on 30 November 2004 .	7	Third person Singular
It's durability & look was perfect and I will definitely be adding to my collection soon !	7	First person Singular
I 'll be in Portland but can call you .	0	First person Singular
If so go for it and I 'll give you all the moral support I can as you figure out what is up .	14	First person Singular
In 1998 they were joined by Egyptians from the al - Jihad al - Islami group of Ayman al - Zawahiri ( many of these were from Upper Egypt , especially Asyut and environs ) .	2	Third person Plural
But he suffers the severe effects of the aftermath , and we are all suffering along with him now , since he is the most powerful man in the world .	11	First person Plural
As soon as they leave they are forgotten .	5	Third person Plural
I have a new born daughter and she helped me with a lot .	9	First person Singular
However , the filter settings are retained , so that when you turn autofiltering back on , the data that was previously displayed or hidden is again displayed or hidden .	20	First person Singular
This is possible because we release all of our software under the Open Source GPL license and release our content under a Creative Commons license .	18	First person Plural
Mr Weasley took Harry 's glasses , gave them a tap of his wand and returned them , good as new .	12	Third person Singular
The fact is that molecular genetic engineering is more precise and predictable than older , cruder techniques	7	Third person Singular
Give time for Mweta to shine on his own for a bit , and any tension between them to die down .	7	Third person Singular
The back of my jersey says " The Poet ' because growing up that was my nickname .	15	First person Singular
She is always so busy , too , which is a good indication of her talent .	14	Third person Singular
You 'll be among the first to seize upon new societal trends to create new opportunities for yourself , as your creativity will be at an all - time high .	17	Second person Singular
He was five feet six , I should judge , and had his grip on the handle-end of ever so many millions .	1	First person Singular
Greek court rules worship of ancient Greek deities is legal	8	Third person Singular
Since then we have decided to have them manage our other investment properties as well as we getting older and can no longer perform all the inquires .	2	First person Plural
I have asked for 4 outside ports and should anyone else need to join in , they may do so with the access code and without operator assistance .	0	First person Singular
Cyclone Phailin has winds that have been measured at 200 km / h , as it surges over land will it begin to lose strength ?	2	Third person Singular
The baseline data that I use to --	4	First person Singular
He had the same pale , pointed face and identical cold grey eyes .	0	Third person Singular
Restaurant on top was renovated , food was decent , price was way to high for Duluth for quality , new decor seems tacky	3	Third person Singular
I will be back and telling EVERYONE about this clinic .	0	First person Singular
Cats that spend time outdoors are more likely to hunt to find their own food and may track down that mouse .	12	Third person Plural
Agriculture only provides 5.5 % of employment in the Union .	2	Third person Singular
In Agra I 've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended , they found it in the Rough Guide .	14	Third person Singular
I normally do n't write reviews but seeing that I considered Dillards a distinguished , upscale place to shop , this one wo n't be getting my business , nor my family 's , nor my co-workers .	26	First person Singular
To help us better understand the problem , the World Bank and the ONE Campaign recently conducted an unprecedented analysis of the challenges facing women farmers .	2	First person Plural
There are several just off their beautiful beach .	5	Third person Plural
How do people subscribe to my updates ?	1	First person Singular
Built during the Safavid period , it is an excellent example of Islamic architecture of Iran , and regarded as one of the masterpieces of Persian Architecture .	7	Third person Singular
And , I can say , this was one of my favorite places to eat in all of Richmond .	7	Third person Singular
By the time a man is wise enough to watch his step , he 's too old to go anywhere .	10	Third person Singular
And , let 's remember , flying supersonic fighter jets is dangerous !	3	First person Plural
Now my car s gears and brakes have never run so well ... ever it s like driving a new car .	1	First person Singular
I know that 's ugly ... but she wo n't help you out for anything ... sad story .	0	First person Singular
After nearly half an hour , the team was deducted a point , leading to a sudden but temporary rush of success by the US team .	8	Third person Singular
Separating a pair some time before a show ( killies are usually shown & judged & often sold as pairs ) will encourage them to court and show their best colors .	28	Third person Plural
By the way , Cullen and Dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to Melanie Gray .	12	First person Plural
Saturday probably works better for me , just so that I am back in Houston and doing laundry by Sunday afternoon !!	5	First person Singular
And before Harry could stop him , Dobby bounded off the bed , seized Harry 's desk lamp , and started beating himself around the head with ear-splitting yelps .	5	Third person Singular
It emphasizes consumerism , the belief that success always goes to people who merit it due to their abilities , dedication and qualifications , and reinforces , rather than changes , existing ideas related to gender , ethnicity and nationality .	9	Third person Singular
Capt. Spastic 's Demented World is located at : < >	5	Third person Singular
He could bear no longer that expressionless and motionless stare , which seemed to have a sort of impenetrable emptiness like the black depth of an abyss .	0	Third person Singular
The BBC is not responsible for the content of this e-mail , and anything written in this e-mail does not necessarily reflect the BBC 's views or opinions .	2	Third person Singular
Peggy is finding out where WD # 143 pumps to onshore .	1	Third person Singular
I eventually decided to just pay the balance even though the doctor has already been paid , but now the collection agency is trying to say another reversal of $ 160.00 has come through .	12	Third person Singular
I wish it was . But this has nothing to do with literature .	3	First person Singular
They are out of business .	0	Third person Plural
Let me tell you how this works and most important , why it works ..........	6	Third person Singular
Evelyn Odara spoke to her husband as no local woman would dare ; yet he ignored it , as if turning the tables on her with his countrymen 's assumption that what women said was not heard , anyway .	14	Third person Singular
The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting developers .	26	Third person Singular
I do n't know where this stands officially ( I have n't heard any developments since Amsterdam ) but I can find out from Bob Pickle if you want .	6	Third person Singular
My extension is 35620 .	0	First person Singular
Mrs Weasley now came galloping into view , her handbag swinging wildly in one hand , Ginny just clinging onto the other .	8	Third person Singular
The theory I present in the essay is that he is actually a combination of four different people .	2	First person Singular
I am really proud of her .	5	Third person Singular
here is to getting back on track after thanksgiving	1	Third person Singular
I have a male and female cockatiel , and there are 2 eggs in the bottom of the cage , will they hatch ?	0	First person Singular
Messages will not be delivered simultaneously to all users in the same domain , nor will they be delivered for two to five hours after they are sent by the message administrator .	25	Third person Plural
" So far , it 's the Internet : 1 , Scientology : 0 . But it 's a long game . " - Matthew Ingram	17	Third person Singular
We must accept that .	0	First person Plural
I also have a profile they fill out for me , a mini-MMPI that I developed , so that I have an idea -- Rebecca and I put it together	0	First person Singular
They stopped somewhere to give a man a lift ; he was caught in the lights , hat in hand ; only his clean white shirt had shown on the dark road .	10	Third person Singular
This call has been changed to 3 pm ( Houston time ) which is 5 pm ( Sao Paulo time ) .	13	Third person Singular
My vet told me when a dog is vomiting a lot , it could be a sign of obstruction .	3	First person Singular
Mike one of owners was awesome , he explained the detailed plan , and executed on time , I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .	26	Third person Plural
Believe it or not , but the channel guide has been most helpful to my family members that visit and do n't know where to start when it comes to watching satellite tv .	1	Third person Singular
As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now .	28	Third person Singular
For the most part , arrogant people see people that they do n't like as threats to their perfect little world .	17	Third person Plural
Test simple image and text - based adverts and use what works .	11	Third person Singular
You 'll want to find the right screw reassemble something without having to pick it out of 100 others when you get there .	14	Third person Singular
Five minutes before my initial lesson , I got a call from Gerry advising me of his arrival and to come down as soon as I was ready .	14	First person Singular
i will let you know later .	0	First person Singular
My first interview with the manager was curious .	6	First person Singular
In my opinion , Don Quixote was conducting an experiment .	1	First person Singular
By this time , " her skin was weeping , her body malnourished and her corneas melting " , according to the Sydney Morning Herald .	10	Third person Singular
We made the ocean unhappy ;	0	First person Plural
He does n't just take pictures he makes art out of them and you wo n't even notice that there 's a camera there .	7	Third person Singular
What you get is a $ 13 / day charge to access the internet through a slow 512 / 512 kb / s that you can only use to check email etc ( Read : No downloading ) .	3	Third person Singular
My perspective is entirely based on what I see , on what I read and on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years .	21	Third person Singular
We have a system of own resources that is extremely complex and lacking in transparency .	8	Third person Singular
The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced " Vilt-two " — the discoverer was German , I believe ) .	35	First person Singular
We were n’t going to touch on her dress , or who she was dating .	0	First person Plural
What matters is how well trained he is , and how good your bond it .	1	Third person Singular
My argument is it 's art and therefore should not be censored he 's making us censor it who 's right	4	Third person Singular
International law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones , stands behind them and shoots with immunity and can not be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government .	18	Third person Plural
right now , your male is fighting off an intruder , and he feels that all of the house is his .	20	Third person Singular
My son was able to advance a full two grades within 9 months !	0	First person Singular
They have sent over their top reporter Ahmed Mansour to the town , and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of Al - Sahhaf .	15	Third person Singular
You could look at yourself , turning to catch different angles and say “ All right , all right , now we ’re talking , ” very loudly .	4	Second person Singular
That 's all I know ; I 've had nothing to do with it .	6	First person Singular
I left with a case of BRAWLER !!!! !	0	First person Singular
( I Have 1 year before collage ! )	1	First person Singular
I did n't know that I did n't register him in the ridiculous amount of paperwork I had filled out in the hospital and was supposed to go to city hall within 90 days .	24	First person Singular
This is Leninism , neat , with neither ice nor bitters .	1	Third person Singular
My mother 's more particular --	2	Third person Singular
The Creek Trail connects Rivertrail and continues east through Broken Arrow to the NSU-Broken Arrow campus .	3	Third person Singular
Some of the leaders of these various circles live very comfortably on their loot .	12	Third person Plural
Put one finger on your other hand just in front of its beak tip , without touching it .	17	Third person Singular
That 's it .	1	Third person Singular
For instance , if the person has a band-related username , you might say : " Hey , cool name . Did you see those guys when they last came to town ? "	27	Third person Plural
Now that Michelle is in your fold , do you want to reconsider her being the contact person with AAA on this ?	3	Third person Singular
Before he died of cold , hunger , and exhaustion in Siberia , Osip Mandelstam recited his poems to other convicts , at their request .	16	Third person Singular
If ever in Sicily please take the time to visit Anna Maria Jose Mudo and her familia .	15	Third person Singular
By the age of 24 I stopped going to the dentist .	5	First person Singular
" They can freely write anything they like about our prophet , but if one raises doubts about the Holocaust he is either fined or sent to prison , " he added .	30	Third person Singular
It took over 1.5 hours for our food to come out and by that time my 8 month old had it !	0	Third person Singular
They do n't seem to know anything but the hype they are told and the packages they have available to them .	16	Third person Plural
I have no complaints about the service I received .	0	First person Singular
Our execution team needs to get some guidance and planning for this picketing should it interfere with the progress of the work .	14	Third person Singular
Ireland receives a lot of rain , with certain areas getting a soaking as many as 270 days of the year .	1	Third person Singular
He 's not giving 85 % away , he 's giving a number of shares each year that decrease in number at the rate of 5 % a year ( until gone ? ) .	9	Third person Singular
' A radical Shiite Muslim cleric has expressed solidarity with the militant Palestinian group Hamas and said that he should be considered the group 's " striking arm " in Iraq .	18	Third person Singular
The food was out standing .	2	Third person Singular
My perspective is entirely based on what I see , on what I read and on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years .	7	First person Singular
She also claims that in 1997 and 1998 , she was tasked with removal of asbestos from the ship .	2	Third person Singular
( b ) Is it right that Enron has 3 sets of bad faith proceedings in Texas ?	4	Third person Singular
His explosive temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of Fallujah last spring , killing 600 Iraqis , most of them women and children , in revenge for the deaths of 4 civilian mercenaries , one of them a South African .	36	Third person Plural
Uncle Vernon might still have been able to make his deal – if it had n't been for the owl .	9	Third person Singular
It ’s limitless , and you ’ll see that the GNP of Israel is very close to the Saudis ’ .	0	Third person Singular
Wednesday does n't work for me .	1	Third person Singular
Some 200,000 guns the US sent to Iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists , it was feared yesterday .	18	Third person Singular
It is right on the hustle and bustle of Wisconsin Ave but some might miss it as it is nestled in between Subway Sandwiches and Modell 's .	1	Third person Singular
We believe it addresses many of the issues and concerns you have raised in the workshops .	0	First person Plural
I think I gained three pounds in my week long cruise .	7	First person Singular
It is possible that these two children understood the task and really did believe that the puppet did not produce any poor descriptions , and in this regard , are not yet adult-like in their SI interpretations .	34	Third person Plural
" I think everybody knows Andy Warhol 's name , even non-art people , that 's a name they might know because he was such a personality " , Water said .	23	Third person Singular
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page , we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers .	16	First person Plural
The premise with which the administartion is acting is that if they expeditiously suspend everyone 's right to bilateral contracts quickly , it sets up a barrier which the direct access coalition must break through .	23	Third person Singular
In the third week I had more than $ 10,000.00 and it 's still growing !!	4	First person Singular
He read many books , he looked at paintings , he went to the movies .	10	Third person Singular
There is a risk that observers underestimate the time that Al Qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and development .	1	Third person Singular
The first night I dreamed of seeing a stray dog and not stopping to pick it up although it was wandering in an empty parking lot near a busy road .	18	Third person Singular
Last time I went however , my beer was warm and the service was so - so .	13	Third person Singular
He is delighted to be here , and he is suffering the one activates the other .	9	Third person Singular
We took our 7 month old and she laughed and giggled when ( very harshly I might add ) grabbing and ' kissed ' the goats and lambs .	2	First person Plural
" There 's a lot of impact on plants and they say , ' Who cares ? '	2	Third person Singular
Given the volume of content this represents , it is easy to forget that the television series itself is an adaptation of a book series with a pre-existing fandom .	17	Third person Singular
We take note of that , Mr von Habsburg , and I should be grateful if you could provide us with this letter .	11	First person Singular
Stardust is a NASA Discovery mission that was launched in 1999 .	1	Third person Singular
Though the likely answer is yes , the downside risks seem higher than they did a few decades ago .	13	Third person Plural
Even if local Palestinian leaders remain strong enough to keep al - Qaida out , the festering Israeli - Palestinian struggle remains among the best recruiting posters for al - Qaida with young Muslim men .	21	Third person Singular
I started to write down my dreams .	0	First person Singular
I suggest you go up to Raging Taco & Raging Burrito a couple of blocks up the street or even Taco Mac .	0	First person Singular
Please let them know that I was simply quoting the CEO of a large , regulated utility in California .	2	Third person Plural
He is currently in the emergency room at Ben Taub Hospital .?	0	Third person Singular
Trudeau will extend that invitation to the 45th president of the United States , whoever he or she may be .	17	Third person Singular
I came to find out the person was the hotel OWNER also .	0	First person Singular
Evelyn Odara spoke to her husband as no local woman would dare ; yet he ignored it , as if turning the tables on her with his countrymen 's assumption that what women said was not heard , anyway .	4	Third person Singular
He felt it was his business not to frequent society but to create it .	0	Third person Singular
" Success comes before work " only in the dictionary	2	Third person Singular
Carroll put on his pants , admiring the crease .	3	Third person Singular
Mookie 's good , but he 's raw , and they ca n't even decide who to put in right .	10	Third person Plural
As with Christian Identity and other hate - related philosophies tied to the Aryan Nations and the neo-Nazi Creativity Movement , Jeffs has preached racism as well .	22	Third person Singular
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive .	8	First person Singular
WILL SOMEONE PLZ HELP ME IT 'S DUE WENSDAY !?!?! :(	4	First person Singular
It is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in Afghanistan .	5	Third person Singular
Climate change affects distribution of weeds , pests , and diseases .	2	Third person Singular
I will never go back .	0	First person Singular
but during the 18 th century , critics began to respond to Shakespeare on his own terms and acclaim what they termed his natural genius .	20	Third person Plural
I am missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet .	0	First person Singular
There are far too many lazy people out there who think that they can sit around a job will fall in their lap .	12	Third person Plural
At this time we are putting together small working groups to validate some of our assumptions and refine our initial service offerings .	3	First person Plural
It 's a yoyo , he answered , opening his hand to show him .	13	Third person Singular
He obtains these things , but loses the ability to manage them .	0	Third person Singular
Then , suddenly , with great clarity and precision , he saw Bartleby 's window and the blank brick wall before him .	10	Third person Singular
It can also make him or her question your motives , leading the person to believe that you may be trying to get something out of him or her .	26	Third person Singular
Missed a whole day of work because i am now carless .	7	First person Singular
He knows his bees !	1	Third person Singular
Here it is .	1	Third person Singular
Cervantes describes how he discovered the manuscript by chance one day in the market at Toledo .	3	Third person Singular
hope this helps !!	2	Third person Singular
We step into the street and my friend David Shahar , whose chest is large , takes a deep breath and advises me to do the same .	16	Third person Singular
Sends in as much ivory as all the others put together ... .	0	Third person Singular
Paris was born in Switzerland but her parents moved her to the United Kingdom when she was six so they could be closer to the church 's headquarters .	1	Third person Singular
What was your first reaction upon learning there was an undiscovered ecosystem under the ice in the Ross Sea ?	1	Third person Singular
" My first thought was to push it away , " he said .	11	Third person Singular
Saying that I need to give him my address or else I have intimacy issues is not helpful .	6	Third person Singular
u must read it .	3	Third person Singular
Each poem narrates only a part of the war .	2	Third person Singular
When I met her in 2012 , she had just harvested her first crop of maize grown from a seed specifically adapted for Tanzania 's climate .	7	Third person Singular
I just give them guide and they can find anything they need .	0	First person Singular
This new legally binding vote is highlighted in the revision of the Rules by describing it as the election of the Commission .	5	Third person Singular
Some scholars claim that members of Shakespeare 's family were Catholics , at a time when Catholic practice was against the law .	9	Second person Singular
“ It ’s okay , Gram , ” Renata says .	1	Third person Singular
It is often said that politicians , diplomats and perhaps also lawyers and business people must sometimes lie , as part of their professional life .	1	Third person Singular
To that regards , I noticed I was not approved to sell naked calls .	6	First person Singular
This is also the only region in Alaska in which the average daytime high temperature is above freezing during the winter months .	1	Third person Singular
Right now , we are in the process of evaluating both our new hire needs and our summer needs and will be making those decisions after the first of the year .	3	First person Plural
On the other hand though , if I 'm a client he should really of called back by now because you do n't leave a customer hanging .	11	Third person Singular
Mayor Teddy Kollek , irrepressible organizer of wonderful events ( some of them too rich for my blood ) , takes us to dinner with one of the Armenian Archbishops in the Old City .	12	Third person Plural
Its police includes a special unit which operates patrol and surveillance boats .	0	Third person Singular
This is just a way for them to squirm their way into your precious pocket	1	Third person Singular
That 's what I call customer service !	1	Third person Singular
Its annual budget is more than $ 1.4 billion , and it employs more than 6,000 people .	0	Third person Singular
Gustave Flaubert was also substantially influenced by Balzac .	2	Third person Singular
Helps in self - expression and develops one 's potentiality .	6	Third person Singular
I am not going to go pick up a horse I ca n't afford .	0	First person Singular
i wo nt go back !	0	First person Singular
What could it be ?	2	Third person Singular
2 . I 'm getting ready to divy up the Dow stock .	2	First person Singular
Just west of Downtown and slightly north of the Financial District is Uptown .	11	Third person Singular
The hardest thing in running this business , which is why people ca n't do it , is the relationship that my wife has with the gals and with the customers .	21	First person Singular
That has NEVER happened before so I was kinda realizing at that point that he was a little interested .	6	First person Singular
So I really felt like this place was extremely outdated especially since the pictures make it look nice and modern .	1	First person Singular
THAT 'S IT !!	2	Third person Singular
“ Agora was invitation - only but many of these marketplaces are easily accessible if you know how to search , ” Dr Lee adds .	24	Third person Singular
please support the link bellow which is excelnt , thank for your click and attention :	6	Third person Singular
Princeton islamist scholar Bernard Lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad , extremists like Zawahiri agree that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used .	5	Third person Singular
Usage of product barcodes and smooth maintenance of inventory with proper recording of transactions like sale , purchase and returns was never easy before .	20	Third person Singular
sorry for not sending it to you earlier ( totally forgot to open my outlook ) .	13	First person Singular
Executive director of the Dallas chapter of the Council on American - Islamic Relations Alia Salem said Mohamed wishes to use his newfound fame and attention to spotlight social causes including the treatment of Muslims in the United States .	21	Third person Singular
I , along with my friends , consider this doctor to be the cause of my death as he is not even trying to save my life by operating .	19	Third person Singular
I asked myself what I was to do there , now my boat was lost .	4	First person Singular
International law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones , stands behind them and shoots with immunity and can not be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government .	10	Third person Singular
The staff was very helpful and gave me exactly what I needed for my first time ballerina .	10	First person Singular
This affair can be seen as the starting point for his career as a radical revolutionary .	10	Third person Singular
I know it s in the wrong catagory , but still , I wrote this question for a reason , not for you to critisize me .	3	Third person Singular
Accordingly , the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP ( the only one and therefore the one they have to choose ) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract .	8	Third person Singular
I was told to leave a restaurant because I ordered water with my meal ( apparently this is " washing down " your food " ) and not ordering wine .	12	First person Singular
It had listed that there was a hot breakfast but all this meant is that they added a waffle maker to the common continental affair at most cheap hotels .	15	Third person Plural
It was like a weary pilgrimage amongst hints for nightmares .	1	First person Singular
you love it when i come over .	2	Third person Singular
I am so glad that I called in to see Ana , she is a lovely girl who showed nothing but care and compassion towards me .	0	First person Singular
Having been a psychologist for a number of years gives me a leg up on it .	15	Third person Singular
library is closed .	1	Third person Singular
I am working from our Hong Kong office for this week only ( Tel : +852 2545 2710 ) , and I can be contacted by phone there or by email .	0	First person Singular
It is accompanied by the further reflection ( partly proud , mostly bitter ) that we Jews seem to have a genius for finding the heart of the crisis .	15	First person Plural
Their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones amazes me every time I walk in .	16	First person Singular
If your ( US ) provider has a deal with a canadian wireless company , you texts and calls will go through .	6	Third person Singular
The white pages allowed me to get in touch with parents of my high school friends so that I could track people down one by one and the restaurant section is basically my cookbook .	32	First person Singular
Objects or donations should be placed in front of a monk so he can pick it up , or place it on a special cloth he carries with him .	12	Third person Singular
So I may as well just come out with it : It is pretty suspicious , given the Neocon predominance in the CPA and in the upper reaches of the Defense Department that on April 2 AP reported of Muqtada :	12	Third person Singular
I take the middle seat , which I dislike , but I am not really put out .	11	First person Singular
The fact is , when I began traveling for business to New England , when I first visited my in - laws in Montana and Idaho , I was shocked at the lack of racial diversity .	28	Third person Singular
2 ) The expression High Renaissance , in art history , is a periodizing convention used to denote the apogee of the visual arts in the Italian Renaissance .	11	Third person Singular
I am saying when comparing all other hotels in Wildwood , this hotel has everything that we are looking for .	1	First person Singular
Yep , we like to just make our own original content , and , yep , that 's what we wanted to do .	17	Third person Singular
I was hoping to have found a regular place to eat .	1	Third person Singular
Let him walk in and out for a few days .	1	Third person Singular
try something like photoscape which has different options ...	5	Third person Singular
I realize that some were not signed by the artist but it is an important fact in my buying decision .	11	Third person Singular
I mean , there 's only so many times you can polish a prefect badge .	0	First person Singular
" They are not going to rush it , because they do n't want it to be a budget buster .	14	Third person Singular
They 're inseparable , " he says .	5	Third person Singular
I got dressed , but my page was quicker than I was and ran out of the chamber to see what was what .	10	First person Singular
Isfahan ( Persian : اصفهان , also known as Esfahan ) is a city in central Iran , south of Tehran and is the capital of Isfahan Province .	11	Third person Singular
I thought it would pass until he started to vomit blood and would nt drink any water .	2	Third person Singular
This group does sound pretty interesting though .	2	Third person Singular
Here is the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday .	1	Third person Singular
One has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these people do n't know what they are , do n't care , or know perfectly well .	1	Third person Singular
It is never over , especially when a real solution , a real treatment for our sickness , is yet to begin .	15	First person Plural
In the mean time , we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future costs .	5	First person Plural
We go to Japaneiro 's all the time and we have NEVER been disappointed !	9	First person Plural
We 're right now using an automated microscope that we developed several years ago for nuclear astrophysics work to scan the collector in the Cosmic Dust Lab in Building 31 at Johnson Space Center .	9	First person Plural
I found that the lion , in place of his sword , now held a rather large plaque .	9	Third person Singular
The winner of this competition will receive $ 5000 , which Beyond Control hopes to win in order to donate it to the Abby Freeman fund .	13	Third person Singular
I 'll be having my equine chiro / acupuncturist out to do some work as well if I do get him ....	4	First person Singular
Removes wrinkles .	0	Third person Singular
It ’s very much like you are trying to make the room laugh , but the room has been a sort of captive audience for many many years now , so it takes a lot to make the room laugh .	17	Third person Singular
However , now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $ 6,000 + despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do , I feel I have to voice my opinion .	32	First person Singular
This place is the opposite of QuikTrip : crappy in every way .	2	Third person Singular
" Arafat 's secular nationalism was supple enough to compromise with Israel and to imagine a two - state solution , even if the road of negotiations remained rocky .	5	Third person Singular
" I grabbed my glasses and my knife and unzipped my tent and headed out . "	6	First person Singular
Why , how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ???	19	Third person Singular
Bush demoted Dick Clarke , among the most vocal and focused of the al - Qaeda experts , from his cabinet .	19	Third person Singular
He looked at her face again , trying to hear the words she was sounding out in her head , watching her eyes as they darted back and forth across the page .	0	Third person Singular
Mike one of owners was awesome , he explained the detailed plan , and executed on time , I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .	39	First person Singular
They have minor leaguers at second and short , and Brooks ca n't keep his mind on the game .	14	Third person Singular
So if you lose him , he is easier to find , because smaller rodents just LOVE to escape from their cages .	20	Third person Plural
We took our cat Mitten camping .	0	First person Plural
My father put his hand on top of my hair , his palm on my head , and I could feel the bone of my skull and my skin and his hot palm , so dry and strong .	11	Third person Singular
There is support for the EU in Lapland also , so let us remember them .	1	Third person Singular
It 's not for us to take a stand on any political issues .	1	Third person Singular
The other Canadian recipient of the medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford , 42 , of Hamilton , who was killed Aug. 4 , 2002 , while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife .	7	Third person Singular
And whoever dwells in the past , does n’t understand the future because the past is full of prejudices , of commitments .	15	Third person Singular
Well one day he said to me You know i do n't wear Underwear as he was bent over Working on my Mare s Right front hoof .. and I was Like Ummmm okay ???	30	First person Singular
I think the women at this salon know that their business is based primarily from referrals . :)	11	Third person Singular
I thought to get a decent pizza the only way was at a fancy restaurant , and I have to get a whole pie .	10	Third person Singular
He wrote them in a stylised language that does not always spring naturally from the needs of the characters or the drama .	8	Third person Singular
Though there are a few draws for the traveler , West Oakland is dominantly a very poor working-class residential neighborhood with a less than spectacular reputation .	12	Third person Singular
Have you seen the materials from the press conference that he launched today ?	10	Third person Singular
This is however a very busy shop but there are appointments available & the staff up front will surely make sure you get back in a timely manner .	1	Third person Singular
What was the good of magicking himself out of his room if Hogwarts would expel him for doing it ?	1	First person Singular
" I find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world 's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as " good news , " Gore said .	3	Third person Singular
Between 1991 and 1997 , she ran a school for children with learning disabilities .	5	Third person Singular
It is important not to touch the luminol .	0	Third person Singular
Anthony Shadid of the Washington Post reveals that the warrants for the arrests had been issued months be for .	6	Third person Singular
It is not just company longevity .	0	Third person Singular
They have to make a stronger commitment to rail .	0	Third person Plural
By 1340 , Cairo had a population of close to half a million , making it the largest city west of China .	15	Third person Singular
When I ran eHow , the content was professionally produced and edited .	7	Third person Singular
So that , as they say in Chicago , is where the smart money is .	4	Third person Plural
She nodded , blushing to the roots of her flaming hair , and put her elbow in the butter dish .	0	Third person Singular
It must be stamped out .	0	Third person Singular
India keeps what it has while Pakistan and China ( which was gifted a slice of the territory three decades ago ) do likewise .	3	Third person Singular
As you know , we are in the process of transferring recordkeeping services from NTRC to Hewitt .	4	First person Plural
GILDEROY LOCKHART will be signing copies of his autobiography MAGICAL ME today 12:30 to 4:30 pm .	7	Third person Singular
No messages will reach the EES organization unless IBM agrees not to use their proprietary message delivery tool , WebSphere , and will use WebLogic instead .	9	Third person Singular
I thought I would have to wait until I went home to NYC .	2	First person Singular
This is one example of what happens when Bush gets a question that he has n't anticipated .	1	Third person Singular
It 's more compact , ISO 6400 capability ( SX40 only 3200 ) , faster lens at f/2 and the SX40 only f / 2.7 .	0	Third person Singular
We are absolutely confident that Stuart 's ethical and focused strategies will see these trends continue to grow , and our business will reap the rewards of this program .	0	First person Plural
It is also important to narrow the mismatch between women 's abilities and their career paths .	1	Third person Singular
Definitely go see them !	3	Third person Plural
They 'll dissolve in an hour instead of a day .	0	Third person Plural
It took over 1.5 hours for our food to come out and by that time my 8 month old had it !	15	First person Singular
I do n't remember the exact cost but remember thinking how inexpensive it was .	12	Third person Singular
Middle Office work being prioritised is as follows	5	Third person Singular
( not church morality , no that is phoney , love thy neighbor ... hell no , kill thy neighbor - now that is REAL MORALITY ????? )	23	Third person Singular
WebLogic is required by BackWeb , although it is designed by a separate company .	1	Third person Singular
his clinic is very very dirty he is a real disaster to go totally not organized for every step he take .	19	Third person Singular
I took my 3 year old son here at the weekend and to be honest , apart from the shark walkway , I thought it was rubbish and overpriced .	24	Third person Singular
But I believe that we should do all we can to keep the transport of dangerous goods to a minimum , in all countries , whether they are transit countries or not .	2	First person Singular
I get Microdermabrasions regularly and I love the environment	5	First person Singular
All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically , those who responded with sometimes or often to the perceived discrimination measure described above — were asked the following question :	4	Third person Plural
Montalvo is holding a copy of the book Blown for Good critical of Scientology , written by Marc Headley .	1	Third person Singular
I was extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it , but the sales guy I dealt with ruined the deal .	1	Third person Singular
When I found out them came up with the Nook Tablet , I was pretty disappointed though , because I bought my Nook color for the same darn price !	12	First person Singular
Margot would only let her come if I promised to keep her wholesomely occupied .	4	Third person Singular
His relationship with his family was often strained by financial and personal difficulties , and he ended several friendships over critical reviews .	15	Third person Singular
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608 .	4	First person Singular
And yet it 's come so quickly .	3	Third person Singular
The theatre is in an old brick warehouse , which is a block away from the Flying Squirrels stadium .	2	Third person Singular
Not with me , said Mr Malfoy , his long nostrils flaring .	2	First person Singular
The owner warned me that it was the best salsa I would ever had , and he was right .	16	Third person Singular
We felt it was his day , after all .	3	First person Singular
Good God , they 've been gone at least five or six years .	3	Third person Plural
I dislike this urban society and want to leave this whole enviroment .	0	First person Singular
We must feed you up while we 've got the chance . I do n't like the sound of that school food	6	First person Plural
Salad bar is hit and miss for freshness - sometimes the broccoli looks browned around the edges .	12	Third person Singular
This is , perhaps , not the best example of the technique , though it is the most well-known .	1	Third person Singular
Paul was going out with Heather , but in front of the audience he played the faithful husband 's masquerade pretending to suffer for Linda , for the afore mentioned promotional ends .	1	Third person Singular
Are whole offices ( eg Tokyo ) unreachable or is it only those who have home offices ?	10	Third person Singular
The Pacific Standard bar is located in Brooklyn , New York , and is co-owned by Jonathan M. Stan and John-Christian G. Rauschenberg .	4	Third person Singular
Besides works whose copyright has expired , there is an increasing number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses .	4	Third person Singular
All of us here are pleased that the courts have acquitted him and made it clear that in Russia , too , access to environmental information is a constitutional right .	14	Third person Singular
Things had happened too quickly , and he had taken it for granted that he could fill in for Paul Auster .	14	Third person Singular
I would like both Lynn and I to participate .	0	First person Singular
You will notice that Questar has requested a " Payment Plan " that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events .	5	Third person Singular
I tamed them in 4 days .	2	Third person Plural
We must not content ourselves with sealing another hole in the safety net and shutting our eyes to the fact that , where transport safety in Europe is concerned , there is still much more to be done .	31	Third person Singular
We 've only had one urgent issue to deal with and they were very prompt in their response .	11	Third person Plural
the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open - ended downside , loses $ 50 million , and then claims that it was not a valid contract .	7	Third person Singular
I am half way through the first and you can borrow it when I am through .	0	First person Singular
Do n't know the economics of Fujairah but Dubai is basically bankrupt so you would n't want to end up like them !	21	Third person Plural
An altar cloth was draped over her half - naked body , which was posed as if she had been sexually assaulted .	17	Third person Singular
I do n't want to waste my time on routes set for children , but I do n't want to take on something I ca n't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion .	23	First person Singular
i ve never been to the yorkshire moors or penines at all ... i can see the penines in the far distance from my bedroom window .	13	First person Singular
It will vanish and shrink .	0	Third person Singular
At each station , a red - capped guard presides over the platform and a wheel - tapper walks along the train with a hammer , gently knocking the undercarriage .	18	Third person Singular
As a previous Internet Manager I would deal with anyone looking to buy a car for a profit and not care if they came in with a broker .	5	First person Singular
One of these papers , written by Eichelberger himself , was translated into Arabic , " commented upon by members of Nasser 's staff , translated back into English for Eichelberger 's benefit . "	8	Third person Singular
Folks , if it 's Islamic , and fascist , it 's an Islamic fascist .	3	Third person Singular
What you do know is that there is one fact of Jewish life unchanged by the creation of a Jewish state : you can not take your right to live for granted .	7	Third person Singular
He keeps them in place .	1	Third person Singular
MMA also captured the Northwest Frontier Province , which probably shelters Bin Laden and al - Zawahiri , and is in a joint government of Baluchistan Province , also on the Afghanistan border .	10	Third person Singular
North Korea ’s Kim Jong Ill also has the bomb at the top of his list and Santa seems to have already come a few years ago .	7	Third person Singular
" To arrive at the truth " , he wrote in the preface to Le Lys dans La Vallée , " writers use whatever literary device seems capable of giving the greatest intensity of life to their characters .	8	Third person Singular
i usually put my own natural rock over the UTH and they are perfectly fine .	11	Third person Plural
It contains a tiny lagoon , which has all but dried up .	1	Third person Singular
Reality hurts when it intrudes ; as such , an arrogant person is less likely than other people to self-reflect or analyse , thereby not seeing their own imperfections .	26	Third person Plural
It is the welfare society that was New Orleans . "	1	Third person Singular
Nacho Libre is suppose to be inspired in Mexicans , not in Argentineans .	2	Third person Singular
I have known him for only a few years but he has become a dear friend .	0	First person Singular
He 's not lame , but he 's been having issues .	0	Third person Singular
They felt it was overdone , mean-spirited and not funny .	0	Third person Plural
Whether it might have turned out differently , or whether it was all predetermined with the first word that came from the stranger 's mouth , is not the question .	26	Third person Singular
News of the retreat came as a great shock to Danish public opinion which had considered the Danevirke to be impregnable , and General de Meza was promptly relieved of his command .	26	Third person Singular
I agree that the European Parliament did not have the opportunity - or that it was not given the opportunity , as we had reached the end of the parliamentary term - to discuss the Directives .	15	Third person Singular
This weekend I 'm off to Sao Paulo and Buenos Aires on business .	2	First person Singular
It 's called Kiwi Heaven and it 's across the river from Cho Ben Tre .	7	Third person Singular
It was his job to make the food , which consisted mainly of gristle-studded hamburger patties , bland sandwiches with pale tomatoes and wilted lettuce , milkshakes , egg creams , and buns .	2	Third person Singular
That is why I want to highlight some of the issues that I believe the Commission must have at the forefront .	1	Third person Singular
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .	14	First person Singular
Like his father , he added the aristocratic - sounding particle to help him fit into respected society , but it was a choice based on skill , not birthright .	21	Third person Singular
I used my card to purchase a meal on the menu and the total on my receipt was $ 8.95 but when I went on line to check my transaction it show $ 10.74 .	28	First person Singular
Get used to using it yourself , and spread it to others .	4	Third person Singular
This way they will see that your hand is good and it s not going to grab them or hurt them .	20	Third person Plural
But the impact of Hispania in the newcomers was also big .	8	Third person Singular
That 's good . :)	1	Third person Singular
This morning , Pope Francis met Mark Zuckerberg and his wife at Casa Santa Marta .	9	Third person Singular
We could use our badge number there instead of our SS .	0	First person Plural
I will not eat halal meat , so guess what , I opted for foods which were n't a meat dish , there were plenty of other options .	11	First person Singular
The servant bowed confusedly at him , walking backwards , in the tribal way before rank , and then recovering himself and leaving the room with an anonymous lope .	5	Third person Singular
I do n't know .	0	First person Singular
" When the characters reappear " , notes Rogers , " they do not step out of nowhere ;	7	Third person Singular
" The aristocracy and authority of talent are more substantial than the aristocracy of names and material power " , he wrote in 1830 .	7	Second person Singular
And who else is it but Sancho Panza , the faithful squire whom Don Quixote has chosen for exactly this purpose ?	3	Third person Singular
Then there is a big problem on Earth , and the people of Earth forget we are here .	2	Third person Singular
It has long been known Osama Bin Laden was interested in using cropdusters to disperse biological agents ( since the testimony of millennium bomber Ahmed Ressam ) .	0	Third person Singular
Things had happened too quickly , and he had taken it for granted that he could fill in for Paul Auster .	7	Third person Singular
although luminescence is common in anemone relatives , they do n't usually make light themselves .	2	Third person Singular
The government has been much more pro-active in preparing for this cyclone than in the past .	2	Third person Singular
" No , " she said .	4	Third person Singular
One thing you can be sure of about Irish weather is how little you can be sure of .	10	Third person Singular
or has acquired some type of disease and that too needs to be attended to ...	1	Third person Singular
Malach , What you say makes sense .	5	Third person Singular
Please let me know Monday morning .	2	First person Singular
The atmosphere alone deserves 4 stars but , the food was not up to par with the price tag and the reputation the restaurant carries .	3	Third person Singular
Because they cut me good deals if I paid in cash .	7	First person Singular
No , it 's really not , so it 's really important to be able to get as a many international trips throughout the year to continue our improvement .	27	First person Plural
after finding the car i wanted they took the time to go over each step and making it as painless as possible .	17	Third person Singular
But my resturant is way better than all of them ... and it 's quite close .	13	Third person Singular
Tina Anselmi was born on the 25th of March , 1927 in Castelfranco Veneto ; she grew up in an anti-fascist Catholic family , which was marked by the persecution of her militant socialist father .	15	Third person Singular
Aside from that little * mystery * , one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong I was about how another dress that I loved compared to one of her dresses that I was trying on .	21	First person Singular
Iodine released from these chemicals into milk has been the major source of dietary iodine in Australia for at least four decades , but is now declining .	24	Third person Singular
The price they gave was good so I said hey this seems great .	7	First person Singular
" Can I help you ? " he said .	2	First person Singular
When Tulsa expanded beyond the bounds of its original plat , the expanded areas were platted in alignment with the points of the compass .	7	Third person Singular
In the interview , Herrick explains what wikiHow is , why he decided to create it , how he grew it in size , and why he chose to use a Creative Commons license ( HyperLink ) for his site .	15	Third person Singular
Cheer the team today ; ( your boys in orange and blue ) Let them hear you shout as they fight for what 's mightily due	19	Third person Plural
My oldest female and youngest male do this - I just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like chicken liver ( cooked ) for the anemic one , some arthritis stuff for the oldest .	21	Third person Plural
The commission is definitely more responsive to market participants that are articulating the issue , providing specific examples and proposing the solution .	2	Third person Singular
But it is clear that financial firms compete with others for resources , and especially for skilled labor .	1	Third person Singular
This shop is by far the best I have been to .	2	Third person Singular
The good Ã³l US of A ai nt what it used to be .	9	Third person Singular
The staff was very helpful , and gave us good advice on day and night time activities .	8	First person Plural
The only neurological sign that he shows is that he barely drags his toes and sometimes has trouble with his right lead .	19	Third person Singular
I enjoy going there although i 've only been there once , i will be returning toda to recieve a pair of french tips and i will only go to the best and to me the best is here .	25	First person Singular
The pictures are broadcast at a rate of about 60 Hz , which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving , flawless picture .	16	Third person Plural
The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .	18	Third person Singular
In bush stations there was n't anything we were n't responsible for .	4	First person Singular
Called to check if they had a product I 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .	8	First person Singular
But he stopped quickly , because thinking about Hermione was painful .	1	Third person Singular
He was three months late in filing a name for the business , and he threatened to call his company Apple Computers if the other colleagues did n't suggest a better name by 5 O'clock .	1	Third person Singular
As you know , it is up to each State to redistribute part of the total appropriation .	5	Third person Singular
Therefore , I need to know ASAP if there are any problems with the draft as written .	2	First person Singular
The king did not take special precautions during his escape and was recognized multiple times during his stays .	8	Third person Singular
Stillman settled slowly into his chair and at last turned his attention to Quinn .	4	Third person Singular
Harry also had a good comment --- do n't specify the amount of rate increase in our comments ; rather note that the rate increase needs to be well - reasoned and based on facts and evidence .	25	Third person Singular
The service is great and during weekends it tends to get busy , but the wait is worthwhile .	2	Third person Singular
Your exposure to this is probably primarily what you see in movies , scanning magazines , scanning the Internet , just snippets everywhere .	4	Third person Singular
His distinctiveness lay in great part in his acceptance of low-life characters as worthwhile literary subjects .	7	Third person Singular
As Indian Commerce Minister Anand Sharma put it , " inherent flexibilities must be provided to developing countries .	7	Third person Singular
It seems clear to me that the manhunt for high Baath officials in the Sunni heartland is being done wrong , or at least in ways that are bad for US standing with local Iraqis .	1	Third person Singular
Midas has the most high tech equipment in town & I guarantee you if they told you it was electrical then in deed it s electrical !	18	Third person Singular
And , everyone , all of our friends and all of our acquaintances would say , " Hey , you 'd get along with him really well . "	6	First person Plural
With these operating standards implemented worldwide , we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure Enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide .	7	First person Plural
That temper is only one problem .	2	Third person Singular
I am on board .	0	First person Singular
For my part , I feel that the negotiations were balanced and that they open the way for achieving a sustainable market .	13	Third person Plural
He told us to stop by the salon and then he will tell us the price .	0	Third person Singular
Princeton islamist scholar Bernard Lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad , extremists like Zawahiri agree that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used .	16	Third person Singular
It was a bit experimenting connections between the language and the music and the psychology of people .	0	Third person Singular
" I have to congratulate Andy -- to get to No. 1 in the world that 's an incredible achievement , " the American said .	16	Third person Singular
" Because Earth had lost touch with your world , the people here are very interesting to my father , " she said .	17	First person Singular
The only agreement I can find is a Master Sale Spot w / City of Springfield .	6	Third person Singular
then i told her i felt i should be able to screw missy just once .	4	First person Singular
The lowest bed here is better than my last salon s highest level .	4	Third person Singular
" This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .	2	Third person Singular
My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth , so I will be heading that way on Monday .	0	First person Singular
Our concern is that we do n't want any trading related defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap as a component .	2	Third person Singular
Yes the parking can be a challenge but being from NJ I am no stranger to tight corners .	11	First person Singular
He is my farrier ( shoes my horse s feet ) so I am technically a client if you want to view it that way .	5	Third person Singular
Edible ones , I hope - beef , pork , chicken , fish ...	3	First person Singular
I used to tan down the street before I was referred to this place by one of my friends .	9	Third person Singular
According to a genetic study on autosomal data on Roma the source of Southasian Ancestry in Roma is North - West India .	17	Third person Singular
Paul Kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the FERC Meeting that was held Thursday , Nov. 9th .	2	Third person Singular
The oldest known historical reference to the city is to be found on an inscription of conquered sites at Thutmose 's temple at Karnak .	8	Third person Singular
Clough only goes in for the last year , after self-government 's been granted and the date for independence 's been given .	11	Third person Singular
I understood it was an Oath to ALL of our people .	9	First person Plural
I liked it so much there I ended up doing a PhD and I 've been working on social insects ever since .	6	First person Singular
I will definitely be bringing my car back for service .	5	First person Singular
As a matter of fact , I had plenty to do in fishing my command out of the river .	6	First person Singular
This has been an ongoing concern for the five years that I have been a Member of this Parliament , and I have raised the issue time and time again .	21	First person Singular
Creative Commons is not a party to this License , and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work .	11	Third person Singular
Well , unless of course the third compressor he put in the car goes out .	8	Third person Singular
The bear dwarfed the 6 - foot - 1 Mr. Parenteau , knocking him to the ground , he said .	13	Third person Singular
Are they very keen on their self-image ?	1	Third person Plural
He was wounded at the Siege of Savannah on October 9 , 1779 .	0	Third person Singular
The place smells and the owner is very very rude !	2	Third person Singular
The authentic text is ' under certain conditions ' .	3	Third person Singular
He 'd also like to see greater enforcement and investigative powers for the Real Estate Council of Ontario ( RECO ) , which regulates agents in the province .	23	Third person Singular
As Rogers notes , " Balzac was interested in any social , political , or economic theory , whether from the right or the left .	2	Third person Singular
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .	27	Third person Singular
As such , it is essential that HANO comply with 2003 enforcement agreement , " said James Perry , GNOFHAC Executive Director	4	Third person Singular
<< In " Love 's Labour 's Lost " we find a character Don Adriana de Armatho , full of affection and bombast .	9	First person Plural
As such , instead of accepting that the world behaves randomly and at times totally averse to one 's preferences , the arrogant person seeks to control everything and everyone , which of course , is an impossible mission .	35	Third person Singular
The media routinely obscures the lines between terrorism and legitimate resistance , as the recent article by Daniel Okrent of The New York Times demonstrates .	24	Third person Singular
they have their own website which you can easily find using any search engine .	0	Third person Plural
putting the girl in her territory will make her feel less afraid , and she will relax .	8	Third person Singular
According to the Citizenship and Immigration Canada web site at http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp , it states " Note : you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be eligible for processing . "	12	Third person Singular
That 's overstating it , I know .	1	Third person Singular
In recent years , Łódź has been battling rising unemployment and youth migration resulting from the failing textile industry and is repositioning itself as a hub for design and creative industries .	20	Third person Singular
Cleveland is the urban center of Northeast Ohio , the 15th largest combined metropolitan area in the United States .	1	Third person Singular
In the second case , the M5S party asks to the regional government to assure the local administrations of the region regularly apply the sentence of the Supreme Court .	8	Third person Singular
If they are able to take earthworms uncut , that is really impressive !	1	Third person Plural
Colombo , too , seems to be in an intractable position .	4	Third person Singular
Surprising as it may seem , even acid rain clouds can have a silver lining .	2	Third person Singular
I 'll keep discussion of me to a minimum and just say that things are well on 32 .	0	First person Singular
This means that I could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely , because it would have expired and disappeared by the time I returned .	20	Third person Singular
He found himself sitting on a sofa , alone in the living room .	2	Third person Singular
We have changed our e-mail address .	0	First person Plural
You know I am not used to such ceremonies , and there was something ominous in the atmosphere .	2	First person Singular
The document which had the stamp Protected B on every page detailed various security vulnerabilities of the NEMISIS database which is used by officers to track and prosecute environmental law-breakers .	20	Third person Singular
However , the friendship has fallen apart due to unofficial collaborations between the two , which has given rise to legal disputes .	4	Third person Singular
I did n't know what I was missing .	5	First person Singular
The single most costly thing we spend on is rent and advertising , those two together make up the bulk of what we spend .	5	First person Plural
" I have no doubt that as time goes on , there will be more and more cases documented "	8	Third person Singular
The current policy is ripe for review and the financial resources are regrettably very limited .	3	Third person Singular
But your cat is passing a LOT of urine , and this is bad .	12	Third person Singular
There is no parade and there never has been .	7	Third person Singular
There is a clever , persistent young woman who writes to me often from Italy , who insists upon giving the most ordinary occurrences in my novels a political interpretation .	17	Third person Singular
He 's not starving .	0	Third person Singular
It 's impossible to get an appointment .	1	Third person Singular
he has a great environment , with water and lots of hiding places and a heat lamp .	1	Third person Singular
Then the desserts came , and they were hands down the best dessert we ever had .	6	Third person Plural
As a result , wikiHow is still at the size that every editor eventually gets to know other editors .	14	Third person Singular
Heisenberg was n't sure .	1	Third person Singular
While we should be proud of our accomplishment , we now must turn to the task of getting our testimony ready by May 5 deadline .?	18	First person Plural
It also came with free balance and rotation for the life of the tires !	0	Third person Singular
Shakespeare is also supposed to have taken his revenge on Lucy by writing a scurrilous ballad about him .	17	Third person Singular
What do other Holga owners do when they need to change film when they are traveling ?	13	Third person Plural
How 's life on 32 today -- well that 's enough about you let 's talk more about me .	18	First person Singular
The exact purpose of these megaliths is still debated , but they may have constituted a Canaanite " high place " from the Middle Bronze Age , ca. 1600 B.C.E.	11	Third person Plural
When dinner 's over , you take Mrs Mason back to the lounge for coffee , Petunia , and I 'll bring the subject round to drills .	2	Third person Singular
I sent my wife and daughter over to check out a pre-owned 2009 XF .	0	First person Singular
I Have This Exact Cage , Bought From The Exact Ebay User .	0	First person Singular
Some localized extinctions already have occurred across some of its habitat .	9	Third person Singular
Can somebody give me the names some collages that do post 18 ( degrees or foundation degrees ) in either :	3	First person Singular
This mode conforms closely to the ANSI-92 Level 1 specification , but is not ANSI-92 Level 1 compliant .	12	Third person Singular
The database was unveiled in 1999 as the National Enforcement Management Information System and Intelligence System .	2	Third person Singular
Conversions resulted in positive ROI which is unique for ANA considering their product is not an impulse purchase for most people and Japan is not traditionally seen as a leisure destination .	6	Third person Singular
She waggled her fingers , sticky from the marshmallow , and her husband took his handkerchief from his pocket and gave it to her .	17	Third person Singular
What was the good of magicking himself out of his room if Hogwarts would expel him for doing it ?	6	Third person Singular
The heat was heightened by drink and animation and the glass filled by the long , narrow black hand of his neighbour was marked by the fingerprints of the white woman who had relinquished it .	22	First person Singular
As he examined the yoyo , he could hear the child breathing beside him , watching his every move .	16	Third person Singular
My only concern is that we take the boys away from their overwhelming task .	0	First person Singular
I personally provided the request on four separate occasions and they claim there is a glitch in their systems ?	10	Third person Plural
They also spawn new local companies that serve as suppliers , thereby boosting employment , augmenting workers ' skills , improving productivity , and increasing government revenue .	0	Third person Plural
I will get a treat and try to get him in there that way , it wo nt work .	0	First person Singular
fyi ... it sound like Bobby is in serious condition .	2	Third person Singular
" He announced his intention to be a writer .	1	Third person Singular
January 15th -- We were signed up for Saturday 's 2 PM class " Beginning Yoga with Brittany . "	3	First person Plural
So , if anyone can give me some advice , I 'd sure appreciate it !	10	First person Singular
You can not walk 5 feet without smelling that disgusting cigarette smoke and it blows right into the windows all day and all night .	14	Third person Singular
If everything is looking good you may add you betta to its new home .	2	Third person Singular
Lenny is a persistent bachelor who has poor luck with women .	6	Third person Singular
It has cat 's " Meowing " for the vocals , and you might really find yourself in those furnaces , feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they die .	34	Third person Plural
When something is unprecedented , it means it does n’t have a past , does n’t have a history .	5	Third person Singular
At one point they told me the dog had been fixed , the next day it had n't .	15	Third person Singular
Gloria temporarily improved during the rare times they used conventional treatments , but they soon dropped them in favour of homeopathy , and she consistently worsened .	16	Third person Plural
If this is a solo jump , which constitutes the minority of skydivers , your only recourse is to ensure that at least one of your own chutes opens .	8	Third person Singular
He is at his best when he is doing his Nerd impression ...	3	Third person Singular
We now know that Bush and his administration came into office obsessed with Iraq .	6	Third person Singular
Does anybody use it for anything else ?	0	Third person Singular
I 'm sorry he makes me want to puke so I shut him off .	0	First person Singular
This study is limited in its power and generalizability .	5	Third person Singular
Well , I distinguish between two histories , the spiritual and the material .	2	First person Singular
In the summer , Georges and his wife returned to Switzerland , accompanied by Rosane , an 18 year old who was the daughter of one of Germaine 's friends .	6	Third person Singular
The graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics I have ever seen for any game and I have been gaming since the MUD days .	11	First person Singular
and where can I find them ?	3	First person Singular
My group , the Liberal group , is presently focusing its attention on non-European Union nationals .	10	Third person Singular
When he finished school , Balzac was an apprentice in a law office , but he turned his back on the study of law after wearying of its inhumanity and banal routine .	15	Third person Singular
That was the first night Renata did n’t come home and it does n’t take Freud to figure out what that meant .	11	Third person Singular
I recently took a rescue puppy to this Clinic and I was SHOCKED at how well Romeo and My family was treated .	0	First person Singular
Thanks for the info - a few people from our shop will be in attendance ./	9	First person Plural
Resolving this conflict would be the most effective weapon the United States could deploy in its war on terror . "	15	Third person Singular
He can eat grain and I already have a feed regimen in my head for the guy since he ca n't eat regular hay .	5	First person Singular
It reminds me too much of the ARVN officers who were secretly working for the other side in Vietnam .	1	Third person Singular
Without the funds from our 1991 partners , we would not be able to acquire the oil revenue trapped within Iraq .	8	First person Plural
However General Barno insists the US presence poses no threat to Iran .	7	Third person Singular
Know this well because I remember an ' irish ' pub in the town in canada i grew up in used to advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town , but they served them in american sized pints .	4	First person Singular
I am waiting longer at BNA for my pickups and last time I parked with them , they lost my car key .	7	First person Singular
It is trying to play ice hockey by sending a ballerina ice - skater into the ring or to knock out a heavyweight boxer by a chess player .	1	Third person Singular
We shall not only condemn them .	0	First person Plural
I assume his actual reason is that he 's worried that Berkshire Hathaway just ca n't grow quickly enough to justify his usual charity policy .	5	Third person Singular
Nowhere did we stop long enough to get a particularized impression , but the general sense of vague and oppressive wonder grew upon me .	23	First person Singular
I got him from the new labour exchange – I thought , well , let 's try it , so they send him along , five years ' experience , everything fine .	15	First person Plural
Meanwhile , the estranged wife of a government whip has launched her campaign to take the seat .	9	Third person Singular
What is your cat s name and why did you name him / her that ?	1	Third person Singular
I could handle my mice , but they where skittish and preferred their cage .	3	First person Singular
I believe that offering this right to fork has been a key element of our success thus far .	14	First person Plural
A bus that runs through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her , but I could n't do it .	13	Third person Singular
And then the horror of it all hit me and I said , “ Sonia , up ! ”	8	First person Singular
NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announces where four space shuttle orbiters will be permanently displayed at the conclusion of the Space Shuttle Program during an event commemorating the 30th anniversay of the first shuttle launch on April 12 , 2011 .	4	Third person Singular
My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth , so I will be heading that way on Monday .	0	First person Singular
As its " comeback ' has continued , the official moniker is now the New American City as Cleveland has rightfully earned the reputation as a model of effective public-private partnership for urban planning .	19	Third person Singular
Just yesterday we switched over to a new site which has a demo of the VM ( virtual microscope ) I invite you to check it out .	25	Third person Singular
The drawstring just completes the fit .	3	Third person Singular
EDIT : I love how she says it 's not callum but does n't deny it 's me .... i think we all know who she 's talking about ...	15	Third person Singular
i waited another 30 mins before receiving my food and it was cold .	10	Third person Singular
Circumstances have changed in some respects , while in others they have remained the same .	10	Third person Plural
My girlfriend and I took a chance on this place because we did n't want to wait in line at Outback .	3	First person Singular
Officials face a simple choice :	1	First person Singular
No fool when it comes to the press	4	Third person Singular
The Canadian Regenesis actress Mayko Nguyen has Japanese connection or is it her fake name ?	11	Third person Singular
We went to Kobey s on Saturday and had our whole team s uniforms done !	0	First person Plural
My counseling practice	0	First person Singular
I 'm a freelance journalist specializing in health , with 30 years experience .	0	First person Singular
I am hiring them to come once a week now that they got my house to where they can maintain it for only an hour and a half every two weeks !	3	Third person Plural
The 2.6 -% margin of fluctuation is nothing new ; it already exists within the present system and is already being applied .	12	Third person Singular
North Oakland is a sweeping term , referring to just about everywhere north of Uptown and Lake Merritt .	2	Third person Singular
This has to be some of the worst pizza I have ever had the misfortune of ordering .	1	Third person Singular
There were 3 adults in our room but towels for only 2 , no linens for sofa bed .	5	First person Plural
He 's never been sent anywhere where there was anything left to do , he said .	0	Third person Singular
It made me feel good to see people work so hard to take care of others belongings .	0	Third person Singular
It called a " ploy " the assertaion that the attack was merely on foreign fighters at Fallujah .	0	Third person Singular
Elena 's title is admin coordinator , and I know that Sara should not have this title , and honestly do not think that Elena should also .	8	First person Singular
I enjoy going there although i 've only been there once , i will be returning toda to recieve a pair of french tips and i will only go to the best and to me the best is here .	37	Third person Singular
The city was renamed to Litzmannstadt , and Piotrkowska Street was called Adolf-Hitler-Strasse .	10	Third person Singular
In one class , he asks the students if anyone can give him an example of a " tragedy " .	12	Third person Singular
The most fundamental human right , after the necessities of food , clothing and shelter , is the right to affection and the supportive love of other human beings .	16	Third person Singular
I 'll never go back there again	0	First person Singular
WHO WANTS TO HELP MILLIONS FOR UNITED WAY ?	1	Third person Singular
sincere appologies to anyone who is offended by my request but my request is genuine .	11	First person Singular
In the corner is a girl in a headscarf and jeans who looks so unassuming I think it ’s another assistant .	12	Third person Singular
It felt as though he had lost half of himself .	4	Third person Singular
We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same - gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights , responsibilities , and commitments of civil marriage .	0	First person Plural
Now that the Dursleys knew they were n't going to wake up as fruitbats , he had lost his only weapon .	15	Third person Singular
Then he crossed the room to Hedwig 's cage and tipped the soggy vegetables at the bottom of the bowl into her empty food tray .	21	Third person Singular
The team was n't so far ahead that we knew .	2	Third person Singular
I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again , I 'll definitely order a steak .	25	First person Singular
It is my childhood revisited .	1	Third person Singular
I shopped it around and they were extremely competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my tires which should extend the life and get me better gas mileage .	2	Third person Singular
He made a grab for the letters , but Dobby jumped out of reach .	0	Third person Singular
This is possible because we release all of our software under the Open Source GPL license and release our content under a Creative Commons license .	8	First person Plural
This gives us the data to do a so-called survival analysis .	1	Third person Singular
yes do not hold any animal s mouth shut it wil close their air way , he s just a kitty and they are very rambunctious , get him toys .	22	Third person Plural
This costs absolutely nothing , and will take about one minute of your time .	1	Third person Singular
They wanted to brainwash them and control them . ''	0	Third person Plural
When i put him off of my bed , he jumps back on and same thing .	10	Third person Singular
It is a competition , and YOU will be competing with hundreds of thousands of others , from all over the world , for a place in the line up .	1	Third person Singular
The shop was great , the service was excellent and the employees were fun guys .	2	Third person Singular
They were voted down and the reasons will no doubt be put once again by Mrs Bonino .	0	Third person Plural
It ’s very much like you are trying to make the room laugh , but the room has been a sort of captive audience for many many years now , so it takes a lot to make the room laugh .	32	Third person Singular
According to Rathbun the Scientology property in question was returned by mail to the organization by Montalvo shortly after he left the Sea Org .	8	Third person Singular
I think he left the Nail out of the shoe as a excuse to come back and see you hey he may be your Prince charming ..	20	Third person Singular
When I said yes to Mweta I knew it and every time I walk past the title on my office door I know it .	6	First person Singular
It is short for San Francisco .	1	Third person Singular
I put my foot in the water and it was cool .	9	Third person Singular
I did n't have a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake your hand .	0	First person Singular
Unfortunately , I 've given it a couple of tries at different times and decided to stop going .	5	Third person Singular
I will never go back to this place and I am reporting them to the better business bureau for such horrible customer relations and basically sabotaging my pizza and taking my $ 25 .	12	Third person Plural
Last year in my section at the stadium I had a banner that read We Know ' .	8	First person Singular
I chose the later , but approached the front desk about the hotel policy to push over their responsibilities on local authorities , not to mention the good night s sleep i paid for but did nt get .	0	First person Singular
We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying , " was I got ta have it ! "	17	First person Singular
This sounds better than the limitations you were describing in the meeting .	1	Third person Singular
Who knows ?	1	Third person Singular
In any case , since the book is supposed to be real , it follows that the story has to be written by an eyewitness to the events that take place in it .	18	Third person Singular
In two months Carroll had learned that her parents lived on a farm several miles outside of town ; that they sold strawberries in summer , and Christmas trees in the winter .	20	Third person Plural
I am going to count it as signed , since BC Gas has signed , but we still need it to be signed by ECC .	16	First person Plural
See them as they are , not for what they claim to be .	1	Third person Plural
i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs .	12	First person Singular
I would do the tupperwear idea TBH - easiest and most humane .	0	First person Singular
He had not called me Muscles or put his hand on my head for a long time .	0	Third person Singular
Certainly I did n't know them .	5	Third person Plural
Response : The US must do whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of the Pakistani government .	7	Third person Singular
It creates headlines .	1	Third person Singular
Please help with my cat s bladder issue ?	3	First person Singular
The US lost yet another helicopter to hostile fire near Habbaniyah in the Sunni heartland , but this time the crew was safe .	21	Third person Singular
There are to many people that need our business to have to put up with this unfair treatment !!!!!	7	First person Plural
I noticed there was a hole in the bottom of his pail .	10	Third person Singular
The idea about this site is that the visitors can send in their own pictures and get them added to the album .	5	Third person Singular
So I kept reading and then I saw the dates , it was from mid day Friday and arriving home mid day monday . :(	12	Third person Singular
Foz on the Brazilian side is the larger town , however both are geared up to cater for visitors to the Waterfalls and National Parks , and so offer a range of accommodation for all budgets .	5	Third person Singular
Listing his priorities , Abbas told supporters of the ruling Fatah party that he was determined to provide security to his people and continue the struggle against Israel 's partially completed West Bank barrier .	13	Third person Singular
On the pilot 's advice they were moved farther into port by two tugs .	5	Third person Plural
We prefer the layout of rooms and it is always clean .	0	First person Plural
Coron is both the name of the largest town on the island of Busuanga , and the name of a different , smaller island just offshore .	1	Third person Singular
My sixteen-year-old daughter pulls up her T-shirt sleeve to show her bare arm , the skin summer brown and the muscle swelling slightly into smooth biceps , flawless .	10	Third person Singular
I finally alerted him to his rudeness .	0	First person Singular
The number , however , was busy .	5	First person Singular
So we now have three grandsons and three granddaughters ranging from about 2 years - 4 months down to a few days .	1	First person Plural
Take the messages for what they are : she has no objection in you being pals at uni , but she does not want to take matters further .	20	Third person Singular
I honestly have no idea what to expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of the embassies costs by the minute - which I really do n't have the money for .	29	First person Singular
They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs , as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs	23	Third person Plural
In case you are interested , I attach this paper on gas Storage value modeling .	6	First person Singular
I also ordered the Neptune Platter which was awesome ... so this place gets 5 out of 5 stars .	0	First person Singular
I have been here 3 times and all 3 times it has been bad !	11	Third person Singular
The Commission has already established a number of actions to help them .	2	Third person Singular
You just want to be sure you can groom and saddle sufficiently and the horse itself is calm enough so that whatever size it is , you can handle it .	23	Third person Singular
When common sense takes a back seat to politics and legal mumbo jumbo what have we become ?	15	First person Plural
When she scraped her knees bloody on the stones , she refused to cry .	3	Third person Singular
That said , we are quite different from Wikipedia in several respects :	3	First person Plural
When it comes to genetic engineering , however , science seems to matter less than politics .	10	Third person Singular
everywhere one looks , it seems , there are deep-seated problems .	2	Third person Singular
They came on time and completed their work quickly .	6	Third person Plural
I did n't understand what she 'd said except that they were visiting .	0	First person Singular
My hope is that over time , internet users will demand this of any site where they invest their time in a way that creates value for others .	18	Third person Plural
The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced " Vilt-two " — the discoverer was German , I believe ) .	7	Third person Singular
He also writes for Aakrosh , India 's defense - tied quarterly journal .	2	Third person Singular
We have changed our e-mail address .	3	First person Plural
Constantine the Great - later responsible for making Christianity the official religion of the Roman Empire - was first proclaimed Emperor in the city .	17	Third person Singular
John Donovan from Argghhh! has put out a excellent slide show on what was actually found and fought for in Fallujah .	13	Third person Singular
The place where I 'm boarding is not likely to want to take me this far , and I do not have any ways of hauling him myself .	6	Third person Singular
I pretended to sleep .	0	First person Singular
Finally , it is my belief that it is not for us to deal with rate levels .	8	Third person Singular
Reports from Port Blair make it evident that New Delhi gets little on - the - ground intelligence , and the Indian Coast Guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands .	10	Third person Singular
Dr Greenwalt fixed my neck from a snowboard injury and was way more effective that a regular doctor .	3	First person Singular
In fifteen minutes we would be home and my mother would fry eggs .	3	First person Plural
We have had no contact with the ENA / Enron Mexico commercial or legal people and I do n't want to bust any structuring goals .	16	First person Singular
He is no longer in the dominant Shiite list , the United Iraqi Alliance , and wo n't have many seats in the new parliament .	0	Third person Singular
Or was it supposed to initially be a process of alchemical appropriation ?	1	Third person Singular
( Please visit our newly updated website www.caem.org for more information on the DISCO Forum . )	3	First person Plural
From the amount of time spent with us to explain things during the initial quote , to the communication through the approval process to the actual workmanship of the build itself .	7	First person Plural
No , it was n't .	3	Third person Singular
I would beseech you to transfer a sum equaling ten to twenty - five percent ( 10 - 25 % ) of your yearly income to our account to aid in this important venture .	0	First person Singular
1647 : It is called Palace of forty columns , as there are many columns , and in Iranian , 40 means many .	21	Third person Singular
This is not a rip - off , it is decent ; it 's legal ; and it is virtually no risk - it really works !!	9	Third person Singular
As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable , it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .	28	Third person Plural
We had an inside cabin and it is what I would recommend .	0	First person Plural
jill allen finishes her cpa today and she and her friends are going to party .	9	Third person Singular
It 's also a good idea to not wear your Sunday best .	1	Third person Singular
Employees seemed to be having a good time chatting and laughing with each other , while myself and other customers were completely ignored .	16	First person Singular
Please review the attached memo to verify that I have identified all of the products that you are interested in trading in Brazil .	8	First person Singular
It 's portrayed as though it 's dark , black and evil .	0	Third person Singular
ANYWAY WE DRIVE AROUND IN MY VAN AND SOLVE MYSTERYS AND SHIT	1	First person Plural
I 'm wary of jumping into this fray without backup , that 's for damn sure . :)	0	First person Singular
This is a homeland security issue of the most existential kind .	1	Third person Singular
I have purchased over 15 vehicles ( cars , rvs , and boats ) in my lifetime and I have to say the experience with Michael and Barrett Motor Cars of San Antonio was one of the best .	33	Third person Singular
And you might think by reading this I blame the kids .....	7	First person Singular
He had followed the old man for two weeks .	0	Third person Singular
He stood up , went into the kitchen , and made another bowl of cornflakes .	0	Third person Singular
My father put his hand on top of my hair , his palm on my head , and I could feel the bone of my skull and my skin and his hot palm , so dry and strong .	8	First person Singular
It 's okay if it 's a little pricier .	4	Third person Singular
So , at least , Navrozov thinks .	6	Third person Singular
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department .	8	First person Singular
She was an anthropologist , and Bray accepted this as an explanation for her passion for arranging excursions , on which she carried her baby tied on her back , African style .	21	Third person Singular
No one 's going to take you seriously if they 're full of typos and whatnot .	2	Third person Singular
" I 'm afraid not , " explains Winston , " that is what we would call a GREAT LOSS . "	1	First person Singular
Yeah , he 's smart . But he talks too much .	7	Third person Singular
That being said , I do n't know how their delivery service is .	9	Third person Plural
Instead of using vegetable oil , try substituting it for walnut or macadamia nut oils if they are available to you .	16	Third person Plural
She had spectacular vision .	0	Third person Singular
A FAQ on the Azzam Publications website explained that " In the Hearts of Green Birds " refers to what is inside .	17	Third person Singular
With Wikinews , Sarvis discusses his background , views on McDonnell 's tenure , keys to campaign success , plan to implement his agenda , and the former Virginia governor he most admires .	22	Third person Singular
Fast forward to 2016 and this is increasingly worthy of attention .	6	Third person Singular
Please let me know your approval before we make any changes .	7	First person Plural
I was on my way to my wedding fearing death , basically . "	0	First person Singular
In any case , I congratulate Mrs Thors on her French ; I certainly can not speak in Swedish or Finnish .	9	Third person Singular
I am going to find out how much line we currently have available ... you probably already have this .	0	First person Singular
The music in the background was from such bands as The Velvet Underground .	5	Third person Singular
A normal processing time , unless you have an advanced degree or a " specified " skill is from 3 - 5 years .	17	Third person Singular
These animals have the misfortune to produce a substance that is useful in the manufacture of perfume .	10	Third person Singular
No amount of sugar and milk can mask it .	8	Third person Singular
The second night I dreamed that I was on a desert island and Sonia , our golden retriever , was with me .	3	First person Singular
- it dries out , losing the water that is soaked into the set structure	9	Third person Singular
He worked on the news and current affairs side of radio and TV for decades .	0	Third person Singular
My pharmacy order is always correct and promptly delivered but the pharmacy staff are always very short with me and do n't seem to like answering questions .	0	First person Singular
And frankly , I face a big obstacle .	3	First person Singular
We never had to worry about a thing , and they led the way the whole time .	10	Third person Plural
I never felt worried and walked away satisfied .	0	First person Singular
I asked them to change it but they rudely said that it was okay .	12	Third person Singular
Why does it always have to be my deals ...?!!!	1	Third person Singular
At Madison Avenue he turned right and went south for a block , then turned left and saw where he was .	20	First person Singular
Here 's a great vegan cupcake recipe to use as a base for whatever flavored icing you want to add to it .	1	Third person Singular
The idea about this site is that the visitors can send in their own pictures and get them added to the album .	12	Third person Plural
The Archbishop , who has himself cooked the eggplant and the leg of lamb , tells the company his recipes .	18	Third person Singular
The truth is , in my and my dining partners ' experience , this is a fine little restaurant with some unique food .	7	First person Singular
It 's a yoyo , he answered , opening his hand to show him .	1	Third person Singular
Mine learned to " go to the bathroom " only in their cages and loved to ride on my shoulder or hang out in my hoodie pouch .	24	First person Singular
Until I was thirteen , I thought my name was shut up .	7	First person Singular
She was eventually sent to Rehabilitation Project Force in Sydney , which the Church describes as a religious retreat , but critics charge is a forced work camp .	0	Third person Singular
nevertheless this is a small price to pay for your life .	2	Third person Singular
I honestly have no idea what to expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of the embassies costs by the minute - which I really do n't have the money for .	23	Third person Singular
It was the mango season , and there were the saffron-yellow sabres of the pips , sucked hairy , everywhere where people passed .	1	First person Singular
Everyone loves it ! ^_^	2	Third person Singular
However , now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $ 6,000 + despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do , I feel I have to voice my opinion .	10	First person Singular
That 's 3 x worse than Qwest DSL 's lowest speed offering !	1	Third person Singular
This is not a rip - off , it is decent ; it 's legal ; and it is virtually no risk - it really works !!	1	Third person Singular
I had a sampler of IPA , Brawler , Love Stout & ESA .	0	First person Singular
Thanks to repeated deployments to Iraq and Afghanistan , recruiting is at an all - time low .	10	Third person Singular
she did nt even let me finish a sentence without insulting me and telling me how i should have said it !	11	First person Singular
I was thunderstruck .	1	First person Singular
We sued Houston Casualty last year but I do n't recall making any bad faith claims .	0	First person Plural
However , it is okay to wash just a few items with them , like blue jeans .	2	Third person Singular
We do n't need another incident as exploring the cosmos is something that keeps our imagination going as a species .	10	Third person Singular
1551 Ivan IV of Russia bans chess .	5	Third person Singular
Ever any madness in your family ? ' he asked , in a matter-of-fact tone .	8	Third person Singular
This would be on a walk - in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good ( Not relying on pictures from the internet ) and is in a spot we like .	37	First person Plural
She is amazing .	1	Third person Singular
I do n't have much money so I bought Crayola Air - Dry Clay .	0	First person Singular
There 's the market in Naha , which is great .	8	Third person Singular
It 's natural and so long as you do n't see any serious deterioration in their health is nothing to worry about .	1	Third person Singular
He saw the argument for making the call , and at the same time he saw the argument for not making it .	0	Third person Singular
Rather than punch the girl in the face , he abruptly stood up from his seat and walked away .	9	Third person Singular
Went to the Willow Lounge this past weekend for dinner and drinks ... place is awesome .	14	Third person Singular
My spirits recovered , and as soon as I had got into my habit , I followed him to the garden I have already told about .	0	First person Singular
Do yourself a favor , call these guys first and enjoy driving your car again ..	1	Second person Singular
To Whom It May Concern :	2	Third person Singular
Here was the symbolic attainment of something he had believed in , willed and worked for , for a good stretch of his life :	7	Third person Singular
He was so accustomed to effacing himself in the hours of discussion of constitutional law and political tactics ( a white man , an outsider offering impersonal service for whatever it was worth ) ...	31	First person Singular
There is a minuscule chance that your impact will result in non-life-threatening injuries ;	1	Third person Singular
The former leader of the Egyptian Al - Gamaa al - Islamiya ( " Islamic Group " ) , he was also a spiritual leader of Al Qaeda .	19	Third person Singular
This is an awesome date spot that the area SERIOUSLY needs .	10	Third person Singular
San Francisco was settled in the 19th and 20th century by mainly European immigrants except for some Asian workers who were manual laborers .	2	Third person Singular
The passionate beginning , the long openness and understanding between them should have meant that she would know what he wanted .	19	Third person Singular
I think Darfur is , again , the last , or among the last battles between old and new .	3	Third person Singular
No , it 's really not , so it 's really important to be able to get as a many international trips throughout the year to continue our improvement .	9	Third person Singular
He pulled it out and examined it , gingerly fanning the pages with his thumb .	13	Third person Singular
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608 .	9	Third person Singular
They have a huge inventory .	0	Third person Plural
Even my PA i went to the other day said " it must by comforting to have gone to a heart surgeon like him who will do nothing for you " .	11	Third person Singular
They treat there employees with respect and concern and expect that they will extend the same politeness to there customers .	11	Third person Plural
For me it is n't about fulfillment or finding my life 's purpose in my work .	1	First person Singular
I may try to run out and take the test this afternoon while I get moved to 30 ( I better not fail it ) .	19	First person Singular
We 're both in our early 20s and just wanting to explore the beautiful country while we 're still young and before our lives start to get even crazier !	0	First person Plural
He was about to tell her who he was , but then he realized that it made no difference .	7	Third person Singular
This is the original Ham 's restaurant , expanded into a regional chain in the late 80's -- but this one is no more .	21	Third person Singular
It 's uncompleted though , because the word is part of the term ' aviation '	0	Third person Singular
In the time it takes me to explain she grasps and loses the words , grasps and loses phrases as they go past .	4	Third person Singular
Anyway , I was practically raised on this stuff , and being a connoisseur of West Indian cuisine , Jamaica Way is a bit toned down to suit the American palette .	2	First person Singular
Today I went into Kwik Kar and there were two cars in front of me for inspection ... but I was still out of there pretty quick ... barely had time to read a chapter in my book .	20	First person Singular
There 's something pathetically childish in the ruins of grass walls .	1	Third person Singular
The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges , I finally gave up , he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful .	32	Third person Singular
But I also see that as a fatal misconception , which is doing Sunnis harm , because I do n't believe the US is going anywhere so soon .	17	First person Singular
I read of a case not long ago when some people were trying to get a polygamous judge taken off the bench for not obeying state law .	0	First person Singular
Yep , we like to just make our own original content , and , yep , that 's what we wanted to do .	7	First person Plural
Then he called Virginia Stillman and got another busy signal .	1	Third person Singular
I have had my back fused in 2 places .	3	First person Singular
I would n't know -- I do n't particularly like scary movies , and I have n't tried this with my pet .	20	First person Singular
I – I mean , he faltered as sparks flew from Mrs Weasley 's eyes , that – that was very wrong , boys – very wrong indeed	2	First person Singular
Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy , even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery ( as he had twice stated i must agree to ) .	1	Third person Singular
Not once did I feel listened to like they actually cared about what I wanted , all they were interested in was me signing a contract right then and there .	8	Third person Plural
October is National Magic Month in the United States .	1	Third person Singular
( Because apparently my mom is very picky , she says the bird might get sick if it does n't eat the right food ) IS there any specific food I might find at any pet shop ?	3	First person Singular
But that is not the language used in everyday encounters with the bemused populations of the EU countries .	2	Third person Singular
This was a terrible experience and I hope that no one else goes through that .	1	Third person Singular
I 'm mostly joking when I talk about suicide and really I 'm not that stupid I just get in stupid situations D:	5	First person Singular
They felt like they were going to fall off of me and it was very difficult to see what I would actually look like were I to purchase some of these dresses .	10	First person Singular
I 've had writer friends describe horror stories with their printers .	9	Third person Plural
I understand you may not have credit approval yet so perhaps we can leave the appropriate sections blank in the meantime .	11	First person Plural
One unnamed naval officer was quoted saying , " Arms smuggling is a very profitable business in this region . "	4	Third person Singular
I found this pure white bird in my neighborhood , its wing is injured , so I 'm currently taking care of it .	22	Third person Singular
HTML describes how a Web page should look , whereas XML defines the data and describes how the data should be structured .	15	Third person Singular
" Balzac himself attributed his condition to " intellectual congestion " , but his extended confinement in the " alcove " was surely a factor .	21	Third person Singular
Her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard .	0	Third person Singular
Today , like many Americans , I am skeptical .	7	First person Singular
There was no listing .	1	First person Singular
But you cannot repeat mistakes because the world is not built on repetition ; it ’s built on mutation .	8	Third person Singular
Edwards is a strong supporter of Israel , and believes that the U.S. has a vital role in promoting peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians . "	9	Third person Singular
It was Khalid Mohammed who told authorities about Aafia Siddiqui , who has a PhD from Brandeis in neurology .	1	Third person Singular
It does n’t matter .	0	Third person Singular
It is the hospitality from Tom and staff , that makes it feel like a 5 star hotel in the middle of the beach .	11	Third person Singular
This summer it was Stravinsky and Poulenc ;	3	First person Singular
this is a good place	1	Third person Singular
The good news is that Park 's government is working to change this .	8	Third person Singular
the Archbishop excuses himself in two languages and tells us when he comes back that he has been speaking to one of his Lebanese friends calling from Cyprus or from Greece .	11	Third person Singular
Brought my wife Deb with me and she like the Fried Crab Wontons and said they were good ..	1	First person Singular
I laugh and say , no , that Warwick is in New York , but I 'm at the Radison - Warwick .	0	First person Singular
We will still be around to assist them if needed .	0	First person Plural
Marriage is , in and of itself , a noble concept , but it too often leads to kids and kids flat out suck .	6	Third person Singular
Quinn did all his writing with a pen , using a typewriter only for final drafts , and he was always on the lookout for good spiral notebooks .	3	Third person Singular
The motel is very well maintained , and the managers are so accomodating , it 's kind of like visiting family each year ! ;-)	14	Third person Singular
But how long it will take for governments to act is a wide-open question .	3	Third person Singular
Unfortunately , it seems that Europe will understand it only after suicide murders arrive in Europe in a big way .	3	Third person Singular
We anchored off the seat of the government .	0	First person Plural
The social status of women is far below what it was in the Western World 150 years ago .	10	Third person Singular
He did n't have my number either because this was the first time I 've called HIM instead of his dad .	9	Third person Singular
that was a strange way to flirt .. but i guss it was his way ...	13	Third person Singular
It remained the only thorough introduction to the field for decades and is still valuable for its many examples and exercises .	16	Third person Singular
Now when I was a little chap I had a passion for maps .	3	First person Singular
Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy , even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery ( as he had twice stated i must agree to ) .	13	First person Singular
Then and there they would have plunged their knives into me could they have seen how to escape the consequences of the deed .	10	First person Singular
In 1519 , he became ruler of the Habsburg empire , and he gained the title Holy Roman Emperor in 1530 .	12	Third person Singular
First time I started wearing woman 's lingerie I was very young .	9	Third person Singular
Russia can have no say in it – and nor should other countries , however helpful they wish to be .	16	Third person Plural
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	0	First person Singular
Make sure your answer is specific enough that it can't be guessed easily .	4	Third person Singular
I would recommend go launcher or adw launcher .	0	First person Singular
Did anything happen before losing his trust ?	5	Third person Singular
I put my foot in the water and it was cool .	0	First person Singular
The reason he said he did n't put that nail in was because he " did n't want to risk it " with my horse 's horrible feet .	11	Third person Singular
I 'll be having my equine chiro / acupuncturist out to do some work as well if I do get him ....	0	First person Singular
Whereas Member States have pledged themselves to achieve , in co - operation with the United Nations , the promotion of universal respect for and observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms ;	5	Third person Plural
We love our new roof !	2	First person Plural
Bill over at The Fourth Rail has an excellent essay on how the MSM and the UN , even the leftist countries in Europe , are basically accepting terrorist organizations as legitimate forms of a political party :	6	Third person Singular
Travel to the Nicobar Islands is forbidden to non-Indians , and they are also not allowed in some parts of South Andaman Island .	5	Third person Singular
Wednesday does n't work for me .	1	Third person Singular
" It 's a very , very desperate situation , " Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco said .	1	Third person Singular
The name seemed to suggest something to Auster , and he paused for a moment abstractedly , as if searching through his memory .	10	Third person Singular
Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41 .	13	Third person Singular
I 'll keep you posted .	0	First person Singular
They were going to run an over-sea empire , and make no end of coin by trade .	0	Third person Plural
Today 's incident proves that Sharon has lost his patience and his hope in peace .	8	Third person Singular
When you copy an exterior line , the new line is located halfway between the line you copied and the nearest line parallel to the line you copied .	10	Third person Singular
Sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront , and it is on a one - way street , but the restaurant itself is NEVER overcrowded .	1	Third person Singular
" The book -- I guess one way , one thing to think about it is -- one of the themes would be , I was given a charge to keep .	24	First person Singular
US and NATO military officers in Kabul say it is too early to say whether Bush ’s tough message was instrumental in persuading Musharraf and the ISI to pressure the Taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections .	9	Third person Singular
I am thinking about getting a rabbit as a pet , but my parents said that it has to stay outside .	1	First person Singular
Later on I red somewhere that it 's seakness .	7	Third person Singular
They count the cans in the trash to make sure .	0	Third person Plural
They DO NOT have a return policy and even if their product SUCKS , they will NOT take it back !	10	Third person Plural
Compare compare compare - that 's the key to getting the best deal .	5	Third person Singular
Mr Escola Hernando is speaking for the first time in this House .	3	Third person Singular
On his best walks , he was able to feel that he was nowhere .	6	First person Singular
He did n't think the Dursleys would like him any better in Majorca than they did in Privet Drive .	14	Third person Plural
Mrs. Indira Gandhi arrives this afternoon and yesterday it was United Nations and Sekou Toure .	3	Third person Singular
The Archbishop , who has himself cooked the eggplant and the leg of lamb , tells the company his recipes .	4	Third person Singular
Both my grandparents looked as natural as could be expected .	1	First person Singular
Give them a try !	1	Third person Plural
That was definitely the case for Andy when he played Benoît Paire in Monte Carlo in April .	1	Third person Singular
My parents did n't send for my birth certificate until I was 16 and needed it for summer employment .	6	First person Singular
A few more years may pass before everybody acknowledges that it is a World War , but we are already well into it .	11	Third person Singular
It sounds as though his health has deteriorated significantly .	1	Third person Singular
The actual vote is a little confusing .	3	Third person Singular
" 4 . May I qualify under the Skilled Worker category even if I score less than 67 points ? "	4	First person Singular
Again and again he wonders how accurately his chronicler will record his adventures .	7	Third person Singular
Parents prosecuted after homeopathic treatment leads to daughter 's death	5	Third person Singular
Instead he pulled the military off , stopped the bombing of North Vietnam , withdrew from the presidential race , and spent the rest of his term in office trying to surrender to North Vietnam .	1	Third person Singular
How do we accurately assess the fact that , owing to medical progress , heart surgery is more likely to be successful now than in the past , leading to a significant increase in life expectancy and quality of life ?	1	Second person Singular
If this man was as good a detective as the Stillmans thought he was , perhaps he would be able to help with the case .	16	Third person Singular
Tina is the driving force of the business and you can be assured that she will endevour to satisfy all your signage requirements at the most cost effective rates .	1	Third person Singular
" The Times ought to be stronger in politics than it is in literature , but who knows .	17	Third person Singular
IT S NOT A BIG DEAL BUT I HAD TO TAKE MY SALAD HOME BECAUSE THEY FORGOT TO BRING IT .	7	First person Singular
In July 1918 , the Franco - Monegasque Treaty was signed , providing for limited French protection over Monaco .	9	Third person Singular
they just do it on their own .	3	Third person Singular
He tried to tell me it was when I told asked him if he knew what fps stood for and he had no clue .	11	Third person Singular
he told me he was going to be the first African at the bar here .	2	First person Singular
So I kept reading and then I saw the dates , it was from mid day Friday and arriving home mid day monday . :(	1	First person Singular
Although , I do n't think that scary movies will affect pets for a long time ; I am sure they 'll forget sometime -- or am I wrong ?	2	First person Singular
Implementing a Tax System that allows working Americans making under $ 250,000 to keep all of their money .	16	Third person Plural
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	27	First person Singular
What matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving Spain out of Iraq .	14	Third person Plural
Almost embarrassed by the intensity of his feelings , Quinn tucked the red notebook under his arm , walked over to the cash register , and bought it .	6	Third person Singular
We are now suffering from the consequences of our rape of the environment , our rejection of the natural for the industrial , and our embrace of violence over peace .	0	First person Plural
I du n no how they did it , but Scottish friends --- this is THE REAL DEAL .	5	Third person Plural
If we have time next week , I could step you through our website -- www.weathereffects.com .	1	First person Plural
Microsoft Access provides several techniques to help you analyze data .	2	Third person Singular
San Francisco was always progressive and welcoming and tolerant to all kinds of people historically .	2	Third person Singular
The BBC is not responsible for the content of this e-mail , and anything written in this e-mail does not necessarily reflect the BBC 's views or opinions .	18	Third person Singular
That granddaughter : her parents both worked in the vineyards , and when she was a child , she would play in my courtyard in the after-noons .	22	First person Singular
The following illustration shows what the data will look like after the Category field has been removed .	3	Third person Singular
She is called " martyr " by several Arab leaders and " activist " by the European press .	1	Third person Singular
We feel that the Internet provides an effective way of avoiding that stranglehold .	0	First person Plural
We will change this programme so that the driving force behind it is the future and innovation .	12	Third person Singular
Quinn watched them all , anchored to his spot , as if his whole being had been exiled to his eyes .	7	Third person Singular
She invited me in for tea and massage .	0	Third person Singular
It does n't change the company 's intrinsic worth , and as the article notes , the company might be added to a major index once the shares get more liquid .	1	Third person Singular
The beverage is priced at US $ 8.00 , and upon an order for it , the bartender will recount for the customer the definition of the santorum neologism .	14	Third person Singular
A few minutes after I left , I was called and informed that " I " left my wheel lock ( which they should have left in the car ) .	8	First person Singular
And I 'll be instructing the State Prosecutor to act when I 'd rather not , too .	1	First person Singular
In her report , Mrs Flautre also drew attention to an area where coordination is sorely lacking , yet desperately needed .	14	Third person Singular
We carved out little squares for the ants to live in ( covered with old CD covers to prevent them escaping ! ) .	19	Third person Plural
We feed the chickens scraps of veggies and fruits throughout the day , but it 's nothing that a rabbit would n't be able to digest just fine .	14	Third person Singular
I will give them and call and see what they say .	0	First person Singular
I called and asked about the price for hair updo and the receptionist or owner who aswered the phone refused to tell me , or even just give me an approximate price range .	28	First person Singular
I highly recommend his shop .	3	Third person Singular
Dobby shook his head .	2	Third person Singular
But on the other hand a good reputation will benefit him , both with respect to the product and to his service .	20	Third person Singular
Yesterday it was my privilege and pleasure to be permitted two minutes ' speaking time in this House .	3	First person Singular
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	0	First person Singular
Their Club sandwich looks tasty , maybe that 'll change my mind .... and a different server .	3	Third person Singular
I was just in last night and had a chance to dine in their new dining room .	0	First person Singular
He ’s spoken in favour of torture .	0	Third person Singular
Good , good for there , he mumbled , and then with a certain eagerness asked me whether I would let him measure my head .	18	First person Singular
She was , after all ( in the true sense of after all that had gone before ) an Englishwoman .	1	First person Singular
Athens ( Greek : Αθήνα , Athína ) , is the capital city of Greece with a metropolitan population of 3.7 million inhabitants .	9	Third person Singular
We went in for a third visit and they fixed it again , but this time when we picked up the car , the radio and clock did not work .	17	First person Plural
She opened the door for Quinn .	0	Third person Singular
Her fourth-year student project was a painting of a hotel in the form of a bridge , inspired by the works of the Russian suprematist artist Kazimir Malevich	0	Third person Singular
As you sit above the world , the warmth of the golden sun penetrates your body and makes you feel warmer and warmer .	13	Third person Singular
If you need more , there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts ( we heard about it in Amsterdam ) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets .	25	Third person Singular
They were allocated land and rebuilt a prosperous community that was a key part of an Armenian trade network extending from Singapore and India to Venice and Amsterdam .	10	Third person Singular
It had better nutritional value and it s also less expensive .	6	Third person Singular
Mérida is the capital of the state of Yucatán in Mexico .	1	Third person Singular
This is a Ralph 's	1	Third person Singular
So I think the first question is , what is this all about , why should we even be debating NATO , is there any reason why it should exist ?	1	First person Singular
Here s my reason .....	1	Third person Singular
I 've been doing this professionally since I was in my twenties , and before that since I was sixteen doing little tidbit poetry readings in coffeehouses .	18	Third person Singular
You just want to be sure you can groom and saddle sufficiently and the horse itself is calm enough so that whatever size it is , you can handle it .	15	Third person Singular
I should have asked then but i did n't the only line i remember is de lunde bar .. or something like that .. does anybody know which song i am talking about ?	6	First person Singular
Andrew was probably one of her children ;	5	Third person Singular
works well lasts long .	2	Third person Singular
Last year in my section at the stadium I had a banner that read We Know ' .	3	First person Singular
Worse , the occupation has done great damage to the strength of the American military , justifying the decrease in confidence .	4	Third person Singular
It is the text of a speech given by an Arab gentleman before the advisory board of a large multi-nation corporation .	0	Third person Singular
okay so i live in San Rafael Ca like by the mi pueble and the Home Depot .. what are fun things to do around there ?	2	First person Singular
Please give me a call if you would like to discuss .	2	First person Singular
This right to fork guarantees that wikiHow , the company , will always serve the goal of the mission and our volunteer community .	4	Third person Singular
I cannot comment directly on how the Indian government was prepared for this cyclone .	9	Third person Singular
It is estimated that Israel has over 200 nuclear weapons yet neither the US nor any of her allies expresses the slightest concern .	5	Third person Singular
While the Museum of Flight was in the top running , I m disappointed that NASA did not choose them .	11	First person Singular
He has the family look the brown eyes , arched brows , dark coloring , and white hair .	0	Third person Singular
I had no problem with my delivery .	5	First person Singular
Not sure if I am going to buy 17 " or 16 " wheels for the winter .	4	First person Singular
He won a case against the Greek railways several years ago and he is owed several thousand pounds by them .	19	Third person Plural
They felt like they were going to fall off of me and it was very difficult to see what I would actually look like were I to purchase some of these dresses .	13	Third person Singular
BTA only exists in the mind of SCAMMERS .	2	Third person Singular
" I thought that in real life it was really kind of magical , " Allton said .	8	Third person Singular
As its name indicates , it was an olive grove .	6	First person Singular
I was extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it , but the sales guy I dealt with ruined the deal .	0	First person Singular
It 's terrible when I sing the old chants from home but it 's not so bad in English – English is such a rough-sounding language anyway .	13	Third person Singular
IF you want flashy fancy food stacked high with lots of fussy garnishes , this is not the place for you .	15	Third person Singular
We have the technology ; if you are going to spend billions of dollars touting " FREEDOM " why not spend those billions making all of us free ?	0	First person Plural
The point is -- FHS gives you the opportunity to make it to a good college , but you need to work hard .	5	Third person Singular
Accordingly , the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP ( the only one and therefore the one they have to choose ) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract .	20	Third person Plural
Dragging back the little curtain from the oval window , she looked into the dazzling glare of space and said , Glorious morning up here ! and they discussed with animation the cold and sudden winter that was left behind .	37	First person Singular
He obviously had no idea what he was talking about , though he demonstrated a number of ill - fated instincts .	6	Third person Singular
In addition , the need for greater transparency has been pointed out .	8	Third person Singular
He naturally assumes you 'll come out of exile .	0	Third person Singular
He was drinking .	0	Third person Singular
Sand Hill park was a great beach ...	3	Third person Singular
I mentioned it to my boss and she said to start doing yoga .	0	First person Singular
They went all the way back into town to the flats where the Edwards girl lived ...	0	Third person Plural
The real Lockhart was wearing robes of forget-me-not blue which exactly matched his eyes ; his pointed wizard 's hat was set at a jaunty angle on his wavy hair .	15	Third person Singular
The night I drove back home , I found that the rear window has some leakage .	7	First person Singular
During the spring , summer , and fall , the Beavertail cactus grows and will benefit from a balanced fertilizer .	12	Third person Singular
Their Club sandwich looks tasty , maybe that 'll change my mind .... and a different server .	0	Third person Plural
I love her and want to help her but I do n't know when I 'll be able to take her to to vet :( please help .	7	Third person Singular
I read you were coming back , there was an article in the paper , my wife Margot sent it to me in Switzerland , so I thought it was you .	29	First person Singular
" They are targetting ambulances " , " American snipers are shooting children and pregnant women " , and " They are using cluster bombs against civilians " is all you get to hear from him .	1	Third person Plural
See our web page at " http://www.radianz.com	1	First person Plural
National superstores ( Walmart ) will let you walk the store for boxes when they are stocking the stores between 11 pm and 1 am .	14	Third person Plural
I understand from sources in the Scottish industry that there is a major company involved in Norway at the moment .	10	Third person Singular
That 's what I 'm asking ...	1	Third person Singular
A simple formality assured me the secretary , with an air of taking an immense part in all my sorrows .	18	First person Singular
While hypnotizing is unlikely to cause serious harm , any type of stress is more damaging to a chicken in this state .	2	Third person Singular
not tonight , Dandy-Roly I 'm on my best behaviour .	4	First person Singular
0 - Number of memorial services for the returned dead that Bush has attended since the beginning of the war .	12	Third person Singular
The weekend was perfect in every way , in large part to Sue and her great staff .	2	Third person Singular
it s illegal to sell stolen property , even if you do n't know it s stolen .	0	Third person Singular
In the interview , Herrick explains what wikiHow is , why he decided to create it , how he grew it in size , and why he chose to use a Creative Commons license ( HyperLink ) for his site .	18	Third person Singular
He told the BBC ’s Andrew Marr Show : “ A general election is frankly the last thing that the Government wants . ”	13	Third person Singular
Considering the islands ' huge strategic importance , it is amazing how lax New Delhi has been .	8	Third person Singular
As agent Van Harp , then head of the Amerithrax investigation said , the information coming from Khalid Mohammed is classified with the authorities releasing only certain limited information .	19	Third person Singular
Of course , I do understand that modern - day Germany must be separated from the Nazi regime .	3	First person Singular
I should just like to confirm that the Commissioner and the French Minister for Europe are both agreed on that point .	0	First person Singular
So , no it is not as good as Dubai , but it s quieter and more peaceful , and you can still go to Dubai in 45 mins .	4	Third person Singular
Use of biochemical weapons as blackmail and threatened retaliation for such detentions was an alternative scenario in the Bojinka planning .	12	Third person Singular
Pets Discount has lovely employees , a wonderful grooming service , and everything I need to keep my dog in tip top condition !	17	First person Singular
There are a couple decent people working there , but the rest are VERY dishonest , as well as rude , I have yet to hear the truth come out of their mouths .	31	Third person Plural
Helps in self - expression and develops one 's potentiality .	0	Third person Singular
In the inner circle are the terrorists themselves .	7	Third person Plural
I believe that offering this right to fork has been a key element of our success thus far .	8	Third person Singular
yet to understand the effect of it on me you ought to know how I got out there , what I saw , how I went up that river to the place where I first met the poor chap .	33	First person Singular
This was already a fresh departure for me .	7	First person Singular
However , any queries you created were not visible in the Database window because there was no option to set this mode in the user interface .	15	First person Singular
If we are all in this thing together , let 's play nice .	10	First person Plural
In one class , he asks the students if anyone can give him an example of a " tragedy " .	4	Third person Singular
Earlier , Kerry said , “ Just because you get an honorable discharge does not , in fact , answer that question . ”	13	Third person Singular
I understand that it is a competitive process , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability .	0	First person Singular
" Our new lunar transportation system utilizes a unique architecture that will establish the equivalent of a two - way highway between the Earth and the Moon , " Kistler told SPACE.com .	6	Third person Singular
He and his wife took over the Silver Rhino last year .	2	Third person Singular
" He 's so fervent , " says my wife .	2	Third person Singular
I went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000 etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info it s greatly appreciated .	15	Third person Singular
Broad sections of the population having access to these new forms of knowledge and learning is something we should very much welcome .	17	First person Plural
While studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual works and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no work has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes .	22	Third person Singular
When you have a malignant tumor , you may remove the tumor itself surgically .	12	Third person Singular
All it takes is two twist ties and a few seconds of patience .	3	Third person Singular
We do n't want a knot in your tongue after speaking to your friends .	0	First person Plural
Bangs said his agency is still reviewing the decision .	2	Third person Singular
Harry , trying to say Shh ! and look comforting at the same time , ushered Dobby back onto the bed where he sat hiccoughing , looking like a large and very ugly doll .	22	Third person Singular
Yes , GCP provides the links to establish the correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems .	3	Third person Singular
Stacey here is the Master draft we discussed .	2	Third person Singular
actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	10	Third person Singular
What was the good of magicking himself out of his room if Hogwarts would expel him for doing it ?	9	Third person Singular
Typically it 's cold .	2	Third person Singular
It definitely has ambitions to rule vast areas and to expand in all directions .	0	Third person Singular
Nevertheless , poet and critic John Dryden rated Shakespeare highly , saying of Jonson , " I admire him , but I love Shakespeare " .	16	First person Singular
The US has strongly opposed a nuclear weapons program of Iran , yet Israel , which to this day has never officially said that they posses nuclear weapons , ranks around fifth in nuclear strength .	19	Third person Singular
If they do n't like it , it 'll only be two days , remember ?	7	Third person Singular
Yeah they ruined some shirts I had too .	5	First person Singular
I my self am one but appreciate that the organization is unlikely to make into the 22nd century .	0	First person Singular
He says to me , " Where there is no paradox there is no life . "	12	Third person Singular
If that is the case then acupuncture is n't going to hurt him .	12	Third person Singular
you will need to give him only a small place to explore , so he can make it his territory , and feel safe there .	5	Third person Singular
As he did with the people around him , Balzac studied these places in depth , traveling to remote locations and surveying notes that he had made on previous visits .	1	Third person Singular
We were always having our water shut off , there were always people having parties at the pool , even after it was supposed to be closed .	0	First person Plural
If you use this cage it 's best to remove the wire shelves altogether and replace it with hammocks and the like .	16	Third person Singular
The festival runs through March 11 this year .	2	Third person Singular
As I recall , Montavano , Shapiro and I usually make up one team , but I 'm willing to switch around a bit .	8	First person Singular
Why is it stil doing this even though I do n't have the other phone connected ?	2	Third person Singular
Subject : NASA IS A WASTE !	3	Third person Singular
Mr Mason stayed just long enough to tell the Dursleys that his wife was mortally afraid of birds of all shapes and sizes , and to ask whether this was their idea of a joke .	11	Third person Singular
Otherwise , he was locked in his room around the clock .	6	Third person Singular
You must be a Jew , we are speaking Yiddish .	6	First person Plural
I trust you and believe that you 'll be able to handle this and all you have to do is to reciprocate !	19	Third person Singular
I 'm pretty sure that Mayko is Japanese .	0	First person Singular
What is still being perpetuated in all civilized discussion is the ritual of civilized discussion itself .	15	Third person Singular
It 's fantastic that they got the Paris Agreement but their contributions at the moment are nowhere near the 1.5 - degree target .	0	Third person Singular
She gave me amazing pictures at an amazing price and made my wedding day so memorable .	2	First person Singular
I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted ( a reball ) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price .	24	First person Singular
I would not hesitate to use him again or refer him to my family or friends .	6	Third person Singular
That is another reason why I like competitive trail riding also .	5	First person Singular
Although there are no human vocals / lyrics , I think it's subject matter is audible .	14	Third person Singular
He said it was the same tire , and verified this , after checking both the actual tire on my car and my service papers from earlier in the week .	19	First person Singular
S. and I have an acquaintance who has hosted several of these children for many years ; to see these little ones breaks the heart .	2	First person Singular
What is your purpose behind this venture ?	1	Third person Singular
She is a pure b**** !!!	0	Third person Singular
I ask one of the hostesses when I may expect to receive a drink and she cries out in irritation , " Back to your seat ! "	0	First person Singular
All I can say is that Elmira you are the best I ve experienced , never before has the seamstress done a perfect job until i met you .	17	Third person Singular
You will not be disappointed with her work !!	6	Third person Singular
Code is 80435 .	1	Third person Singular
You have heard , of course , that the Ministry is conducting more raids , said Mr Malfoy , taking a roll of parchment from his inside pocket and unravelling it for Mr Borgin to read .	25	Third person Singular
( ps. I 'm assuming you 'll stop off in Wellington , and since it s summer , may I recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos ?	2	First person Singular
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar 's property ) .	9	Third person Plural
* Provides for vintaged Redwood path rates for core customers . *	1	Third person Singular
We are still trying to figure out some of the cash traders .	0	First person Plural
He is already demanding claims that Israel said no to not only the world , but to Arafat himself .	1	Third person Singular
“ The Free Society is fragile .	4	Third person Singular
we will not go over Global 's piece of the Cargill line ...	0	First person Plural
What saves us is efficiency – the devotion to efficiency .	3	Third person Singular
" The black race is the people through which the devil has always been able to bring evil unto the earth , " Jeffs has said as cited by the Southern Poverty Law Center 's " Intelligence Report . "	11	Third person Singular
I have never been disappointed .	0	First person Singular
It has also opened VW up to huge compensation claims , legal action and has seen it take more than € 16bn of provisions .	0	Third person Singular
By comparing my observations to what my colleagues and predecessors had found , I figured out what group it belongs to , and was able to determine that within that group , it was a new species .	13	First person Singular
however , in the study by Hein and colleagues it was found that children responded more or less frequently based on factors such as stimuli type .	10	Third person Singular
For one brief instant Quinn thought , So this is what detective work is like . But other than that he thought nothing .	9	Third person Singular
When something is unprecedented , it means it does n’t have a past , does n’t have a history .	14	Third person Singular
he makes so much MORE noise , as he plays and digs and jumps ( seriously )	9	Third person Singular
The short answer is that we do n't know .	5	First person Plural
Every now and then he would stop somewhere for a meal .	4	Third person Singular
He was released on US$ 20,000 bail on Thursday .	0	Third person Singular
Figuratively speaking , this outer circle is the guardian , which makes sure that the people look and listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement , rather than to the world outside .	6	Third person Singular
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID .	10	First person Plural
He rose from his seat , excused himself to Quinn , and walked quickly towards the door .	7	Third person Singular
Because I do n't feel like spending over $ 20 on a freakin DVD	1	First person Singular
However , it is okay to wash just a few items with them , like blue jeans .	12	Third person Plural
If you change the property setting , the change is applied to all selected controls .	9	Third person Singular
These works were written under the name of William Wilson , and he produced them at the rate of about one a year , which brought in enough money for him to live modestly in a small New York apartment .	14	Third person Plural
It was like walking into a furnace : nearly everything in Ron 's room seemed to be a violent shade of orange : the bedspread , the walls , even the ceiling .	1	First person Singular
Martin 's box is working wonderfully - I 'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by Friday .	7	First person Singular
Daniel Montalvo , 19 , a member of Scientology all his life , was arrested after leaving its elite group the Sea Org .	10	Third person Singular
It 's just up the highway and right around the corner ....	0	Third person Singular
What is your cat s name and why did you name him / her that ?	11	Third person Singular
So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)	13	First person Singular
It was n't a quarry or a sandpit , anyhow .	1	First person Singular
" To have a business allow that type of filth to be purveyed through their website or through their system is something that they say they ca n't handle .	23	Third person Plural
I also have a dating advice blog / site .	0	First person Singular
I have tryed to give him water but he wo nt take it .. what should i do ?	5	Third person Singular
Most important , despite the Russian army massed against us , we are embarking on an election campaign .	11	First person Plural
The employees at this Sear's are completely apathetic and there did n't seem to be any sort of management that I could see .	20	First person Singular
The simplest way is to just peg players by throwing dodge balls .	3	Third person Singular
WHEREAS , a body of men calling themselves the National Congress are now in session in Washington City , in violation of our Imperial edict of the 12th of October last , declaring the said Congress abolished ;	7	Third person Plural
We have to leave him at the vet for 3 days and I was told to call for check ups as often as I wished that no matter how many times I called I would not annoy them .	37	Third person Plural
Also the language is important in writing and in literature .	3	Third person Singular
" What ? " asks Winston , " is n't there any one here who can give me an example of a tragedy ? "	8	Third person Singular
The restaurant is the most beautiful thai restaurant in Geelong ... just love it	2	Third person Singular
The Director , satisfied the anchor had good hold , made his way aft and sat down amongst us .	18	First person Plural
Want to bring it to the White House ?	3	Third person Singular
We are still very interested in having Enron support our eCommerce Dispute Management Protocol .?	9	First person Plural
I have a question about McDonald 's Monopoly !	0	First person Singular
He is kind of hate walking with leash , every time I put the leash on , he will try to bite it .	22	Third person Singular
Against the pallor of his skin , the flaxen thinness of his hair , the effect was almost transparent , as though one could see through to the blue veins behind the skin of his face .	16	First person Singular
However , they would never drive the car with me in it to prove their findings .	9	First person Singular
Auto Towing is one of the best towing services I have used .	2	Third person Singular
BUT they stated that they will take as long as it takes to work out all the bugs so who really know how long .	4	Third person Plural
This has not yet penetrated the thinking of the Western World .	1	Third person Singular
The place where I 'm boarding is not likely to want to take me this far , and I do not have any ways of hauling him myself .	18	First person Singular
There 's nothing like it .	1	Third person Singular
It appeared , however , I was also one of the Workers , with a capital – you know . Something like an emissary of light , something like a lower sort of apostle .	6	First person Singular
I am pleased to confirm that the Commission has received the report to which the honourable Member refers .	1	First person Singular
Yes you can , but it will cost you lots of money unless you have an international plan .	5	Third person Singular
“ Oh ! ” says my mother .	4	Third person Singular
i have not gotten a good response so i think shanna and i are going to stay in town .	8	First person Singular
49 - Percentage of Americans in April 2004 who found that their taxes had actually gone up since Bush took office .	11	Third person Plural
It also is likely people have released some of these animals into the wild hoping they would survive -- for instance , a ranger in Glacier Park caught someone in this very act not long ago .	2	Third person Singular
Afterwards there was silence on board the yacht .	2	First person Singular
i want it b/c it is really small and cute .	4	Third person Singular
Open the door and let him out and see how he acts .	10	Third person Singular
I was moving out from 2 bdr apartment and it took for 3 strong guys 6 hours to load a track ( from 2 pm - 8 pm ) .	9	Third person Singular
And if you send me a story , that would be great to !	4	First person Singular
I am looking forward to seeing Ginger " Rees " Copeland when she comes to Houston .	12	Third person Singular
Was there any idea at all connected with it ?	0	First person Singular
It is only if the disadvantages equal the advantages that we should use the precautionary principle .	1	Third person Singular
The soup was stone cold , but he drank half of it in one gulp .	7	Third person Singular
Bottom line is that when it 's a small privatly owned resturant like this is you can tell that the owners and employees take pride in their product and service .	5	Third person Singular
Since Emperor Meiji , it has been customary to have one era per Emperor and to rename each Emperor after his death using the name of the era over which he presided .	20	Third person Singular
This command displays the Import dialog box so that you can select an XML document as well as a schema , which describes the structure of the data .	22	Third person Singular
His first venture was a publishing enterprise which turned out cheap one - volume editions of French classics including the works of Molière .	3	Third person Singular
At the baggage carousel I see my youthful Hasid again and we take a final look at each other .	11	First person Plural
Bangs said although the number of elk has not declined very much since the wolves came back , their behavior appears markedly different .	18	Third person Plural
The salatim salads are the smallest plates I 've ever seen placed in front of me ( you would most likely think they were condiments if it were n't explained to you ) .	7	First person Singular
A 1970 evaluation said Bush “ clearly stands out as a top notch fighter interceptor pilot ” and was “ a natural leader whom his contemporaries look to for leadership . ”	24	Third person Singular
In the Kowloon East geographical constituency , pro-Beijing district councillor Wilson Or was elected with 51,516 votes , the highest in this constituency .	12	Third person Singular
I was not impressed , and quite frustrated at their lack of rating for their courses .	14	Third person Plural
If all this is really happening , he said , then I must keep my eyes open .	11	First person Singular
According to the director 's own count , to date he has made eight feature films .	11	Third person Singular
Yeah , I thought that the holding his mouth thing sounded wrong .	7	Third person Singular
Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day .	1	Third person Singular
I went to this urgent care center and was blown away with their service .	8	Third person Singular
She looks at me and then at Renata , who is smiling , and finally submits uncomprehendingly .	1	Third person Singular
( This is a kind of " wind " of interstellar dust , caused by the fact that our solar system is moving with respect to the local interstellar medium . )	18	First person Plural
I ventured to hint that the Company was run for profit .	7	First person Singular
Dando was gleeful .	1	First person Singular
That s how they were caught .	3	Third person Plural
Desperation does not provide anyone with explosives , reconnaissance and transportation .	1	Third person Singular
He was trained to a harness / leash for outside time but he knew to use the litter pan inside .	12	Third person Singular
( 31 ) For the purpose of definitions used in this Directive it is useful to refer to relevant international standards such as ISO 14040 ( 32 ) .	12	Third person Singular
" If Iodine deficiency is serious you lose 15 IQ points , on average .	4	Third person Singular
2005 sees you expanding your intuitive and psychic skills even more , Aquarius .	1	Third person Singular
So they are 3 times larger than us and they have all the oil in the world .	9	Third person Plural
Instead of using vegetable oil , try substituting it for walnut or macadamia nut oils if they are available to you .	8	Third person Singular
Is this related to the problems he is having getting around ( circulatory ? ) ?	7	Third person Singular
I believe he is correct in that he needs my physical address for legal reasons , however , he did not adequately explain this during our session .	9	First person Singular
Who does that ?!	1	Third person Singular
I enjoyed my tour and i am looking for adventure tour and India heritage tours for valuable .	6	First person Singular
Also we do not address calculation of a termination payment in the event of a change in law as the long form does -- again , more in the interest of " saving space " than anything else ...	1	First person Plural
These are some of the things I 've been wondering ...	6	First person Singular
As they design their web pages for the newer browsers with advanced web technology and geared to the newest web core markup language HTML 5 , they are forced to accommodate older out-of-date technology to support IE6 users .	26	Third person Plural
The smartphone generation received an app it deserved , where , in the best case scenario , the most idiotic situation received an audience of millions .	6	Third person Singular
I think that this is for you since I do n't know any of these people .	8	First person Singular
( i know that snakes that have problems going to the bathroom wo n't eat . )	1	First person Singular
They squeezed me in and had me back up and running in no time .	0	Third person Plural
It has been 3 weeks and I STILL do n't have my table ( which was NOT cheap , I might add ) .	15	Third person Singular
There 's even a chapter titled " Poisonous Letter " in the Al Qaeda manual .	1	Third person Singular
Whether he was actually AWOL during this stint is unclear .	2	Third person Singular
But , given that South Korea 's workforce already includes a substantial share of non - regular workers , increasing temporary employment may not contribute to economic growth .	9	Third person Singular
So , I 'm Men and love to wear women 's lingerie :-) .	2	First person Singular
Mérida has a rich cultural life which also reflects its diversity .	8	Third person Singular
Harry stared from his purple-faced uncle to his pale aunt , who was trying to heave Dudley to his feet .	3	Third person Singular
If Abbas keeps up this " macho talk " he will kill potential peace talks and might as well allow Hamas ( which has probably done a better job at providing for the Palestinians ) rule the West Bank .	2	Third person Singular
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year .	33	Third person Singular
Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $ 400 !!	23	Third person Singular
When he swivels his head to go for it anyway , tell him sharp " UH UH " gently correct him with a small tug and continue your walk .	1	Third person Singular
I have a 9 month old German Shepherd that I raised from a puppy .	9	First person Singular
he will be freaked out , so going back to his territory will make him much happier .	14	Third person Singular
It 's June second , he told himself .	1	Third person Singular
It is a psycho-spiritual exercise and benefiting the mind by developing stamina and strength .	1	Third person Singular
You ca n't have met many decent wizards , said Harry , trying to cheer him up .	15	Third person Singular
I expressed , politely , the hope that the other attitude , the revolutionary one , would not be abandoned .	0	First person Singular
Special permission from Dumbledore so he could play for Gryffindor .	5	Third person Singular
That is just unheard of these days !	1	Third person Singular
I suggest Mr Evans goes back and reads the Regulation .	7	Third person Singular
3 . Is there any cheap way to give it a shine like I made it in a kiln ?	9	Third person Singular
The call in number is 800.713.8600 .	4	Third person Singular
They make up excuses in hopes to confuse their policy holders with misinformation .	0	Third person Plural
Place it down so that its breast is carrying its weight and rests on the ground .	7	Third person Singular
Aunt Petunia burst into tears and hugged her son , while Harry ducked under the table so they would n't see him laughing .	17	Third person Plural
I 'm assuming they are completely out of business since I ca n't find any contact information .	10	First person Singular
I will never go to another vet as long as I have animals .	10	First person Singular
I had my horse transported from CA to WA and he came on this big , open stock trailer .	2	First person Singular
I did n't think I 'd be awarded one , but I received the Dux Litterarum award at high school , so my chances were probably better than I thought they were .	11	First person Singular
On the other hand , an Extensible Stylesheet Language ( XSL ) style sheet is considerably more flexible than a CSS file .	14	Third person Singular
I 've had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the background I did n't notice at first .	16	First person Singular
You should call your vet now and ask them what is normal or not .	8	Third person Plural
I 'm hoping to build this up to be a hub for all the campaigners - a place where people can exchange ideas and advice .	0	First person Singular
I wish I had the capital to open my own shop ?	8	First person Singular
You will be asked to register , and then you should wander over to the Announce Your Arrival Section and present yourself .	21	Second person Singular
In general I would say that the staff is attentive and nice .	8	Third person Singular
Finally , I should like to say that the policies at the centre of our debate are part of an overall picture .	2	First person Singular
These are the kids who will destroy society , because of the crapfest the American family has become under the post hippie culture , you heard again .	16	Third person Singular
I do know that this will change the face of America .	0	First person Singular
Wikinews interviews Israeli mathematician and writer Aner Shalev	1	Third person Singular
It also gives the house a lovely smell , and is not toxic , unlike many synthetic chemical treatments .	10	Third person Singular
‘’ Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , ” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan ’s National Security Directorate .	17	First person Plural
And then there ’s the rain .	3	Third person Singular
I do n't recommend this place to anyone or even anything to eat .	0	First person Singular
THE MANAGER CAME OVER AND SAID HE WAS SORRY AND GAVE A NEW BATCH OF WINGS , HE SAID WE CA NT REALLY DO ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS ARE ALWAYS OPENING AND CLOSING .	6	Third person Singular
But the servers do n't pay attention to you whether it 's busy or not .	10	Third person Singular
My purpose was to stroll into the shade for a moment ; but no sooner within than it seemed to me I had stepped into a gloomy circle of some Inferno .	21	First person Singular
I realize baseball is just a game .	3	Third person Singular
It was just before Easter Sunday , 1 and I was sitting at my table .	0	Third person Singular
Mike Indivero , I understand that Mr. Mike Croall 's release date from NEPCO is Oct 31 , 2001 .	14	Third person Singular
It ’s easy to annoy people when you are cramped in such a small , tight space .	0	Third person Singular
He is my farrier ( shoes my horse s feet ) so I am technically a client if you want to view it that way .	6	First person Singular
" I wonder if he 's praying for you . "	4	Third person Singular
I 'm willing to give it a shot .	0	First person Singular
We were a party of 4 and none of us were particularly pleased with our dishes .	14	First person Plural
Iranian officials say they made no objections to Khan ’s ouster because they want to strengthen Karzai ’s campaign against warlords .	12	Third person Plural
It was night in Europe all the way .	1	First person Singular
Sweden has been mentioned in the discussion as one of the countries with satisfactory limit values .	1	Third person Singular
I recommend you to everyone in Calgary , as she is a professional and the cost for her was low .	10	Third person Singular
My dog has been sick for about 3 days now .	0	First person Singular
Comfort zone came out and did my house heat on the cheap .	6	First person Singular
New Zealand begins process to consider changing national flag design	2	Third person Singular
i have a 1 and a half year old male neutered cat and a new 2 month old spayed female kitten .	0	First person Singular
In the Warren Jeffs cult he reassigns wives if the husband displeases him or to reward the new husband .	6	Third person Singular
Also , remind me of Patterson 's email , so I can harass him directly .	10	First person Singular
I WAS THERE ON MARCH 6TH , 2009 .	0	First person Singular
Place it down so that its breast is carrying its weight and rests on the ground .	9	Third person Singular
Blue Planet is a weekly series examining the relationship of humans to the environment , by veteran environmental reporter Dan Whipple .	2	Third person Singular
It can also make him or her question your motives , leading the person to believe that you may be trying to get something out of him or her .	0	Third person Singular
It returns all customers from a (country|region) named " U % " , not all (countries|regions) beginning with the letter " U " , because the percent sign ( % ) is not a wildcard character in ANSI-89 SQL .	31	Third person Singular
Would not recommend I Was in a fair amount of pain for several weeks .	3	First person Singular
Neither of them had written to him all summer , even though Ron had said he was going to ask Harry to come and stay .	15	Third person Singular
He stood rocked back on his heels with his coat thrown over his shoulders and his hands in his pockets .	5	Third person Singular
" But do n't Americans know that Sadat was a Nazi ? " the librarian says .	15	Third person Singular
I will bear in mind however , as these debates are of especial interest to me , that Spain has been particularly affected .	0	First person Singular
They happened in the Philippines which , like Pakistan , is an important and vulnerable node for the business which intelligence agencies and terrorist organizations conduct with each other .	10	Third person Singular
I was n't interested in making either of these sacrifices , as I think the world 's how to manual needs to be high quality AND comprehensive .	12	First person Singular
Yo mama `s so fat , when she gets in an elevator , it HAS to go down .	13	Third person Singular
I bet you also did take charcoal as it is used for barbecue which does not get as hot as real coal ( e.g. for blacksmithing one needs coal , not barbecue charcoal ) .	8	Third person Singular
I asked her who she worked with and she just told me ti was the sales manager .	13	Third person Singular
In the novel Dark Matters I think what interested me in the structure was two thing : simple narrative and email .	5	First person Singular
We go through a number of drafts and then have the editors pick it up and assign the photojournalism aspect of it to our graphic design team , who adds the visual aspect to it .	13	Third person Singular
Because Usamah is Saudi , my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the Wahhabi school of Islam that predominates among Saudia 's some 15 million citizens .	2	Third person Singular
Language : Its Nature , Development and Origin ( 1922 ) is considered by many to be his masterpiece .	2	Third person Singular
We expect that the particles will be of order a micron in size .	0	First person Plural
As it moves over land , it is cut off from the source of energy driving the storm [ which is ] the evaporation of water from the warm sea surface ;	1	Third person Singular
She turned and walked back into the house and Harry , after a nervous glance at Ron , who nodded encouragingly , followed her .	0	Third person Singular
Which one should i get ?	3	First person Singular
Did n't hurt any that they knew my name by my second visit and greeted me warmly then and on my third visit .	7	First person Singular
He was used to walking briskly , and all this starting and stopping and shuffling began to be a strain , as though the rhythm of his body was being disrupted .	26	Third person Singular
It was 4:50 when a friend told me to call Bud , he would take care of me .	0	Third person Singular
Well you say Miramar I say Piramar	4	First person Singular
She was determined to make no end of fuss to get me appointed skipper of a river steamboat , if such was my fancy .	11	First person Singular
Since Member States and the industry agree that the star rating system has proved not to deliver the expected result , Directive 92 / 42 / EEC should be amended to open the way for more effective schemes .	12	Third person Singular
( Marrying a Canadian is not enough - that does n't count for at least two years . )	9	Third person Singular
i think it could have been done in a much more cost efficient way , right here on bad - old - planet - earth .	2	Third person Singular
These changes , while significant , were concentrated in the elite , and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages .	21	Third person Singular
Greendale likely refers to green river valley -- i.e. , Cairo 's Egyptian Islamic Jihad or the Islamic Group .	2	Third person Singular
We orderd our meals anyway , chimichangas , jalapeno borritos , and quesadillas .	2	First person Plural
They began to withhold power from California , and on Dec. 7 the ISO declared its first Stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts , which were narrowly averted .	15	Third person Singular
The reports say she is suspected of having been a member of Al Qaeda 's " Chemical Wire Group . "	4	Third person Singular
I do know that most of the time this plant was not buring like it did in July and August of this year .	0	First person Singular
I called them back a few hours after putting my Bodhi down and they still would n't budge .	0	First person Singular
" I can only imagine that this is what Hiroshima looked like 60 years ago , " said Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour after viewing the destruction from the air .	7	Third person Singular
I am astonished .	1	First person Singular
The bottom line is that the food is n't great and is relatively high - priced .	11	Third person Singular
It would be appreciated if you could advice me on this matter .	0	Third person Singular
I 'm not sure how I would have handled it .	5	First person Singular
Ok to book for me and my husband , Joseph .	4	First person Singular
I found this pure white bird in my neighborhood , its wing is injured , so I 'm currently taking care of it .	7	First person Singular
He had never been in a wizard house before .	0	Third person Singular
do you think they are cool b/c of the taco bell dog ?	3	Third person Plural
We 'll go in and have a steak there one evening , they 're trying to make a go of it with a charcoal grill and whatnot .	12	Third person Plural
" You 're ashamed of me , " he guessed , and Rachel kissed him and smiled and did n't say anything .	8	Third person Singular
We now have over 5000 addresses .	0	First person Plural
A bit of a knee - jerk reaction from me there , and I apologize for my over-generalizations .	13	First person Singular
I should have asked then but i did n't the only line i remember is de lunde bar .. or something like that .. does anybody know which song i am talking about ?	0	First person Singular
As long as you are a gentleman and treat them with respect they wo n't have any problem talking with you and your nationality will have nothing to do with how they treat you .	9	Third person Plural
I am very much afraid that most of Europe still does not understand it .	10	Third person Singular
I ’m answering your question .	0	First person Singular
We 'll go in and have a steak there one evening , they 're trying to make a go of it with a charcoal grill and whatnot .	0	First person Plural
Cast a vote for Beyond Control , and help us provide Abby with her life saving treatments again .	9	First person Plural
Worst experience ever like a sardine can and the bartender downstairs is the rudest person I have ever met .	15	First person Singular
I 'm assuming it 's to scare off predators / like how they will puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies .	12	Third person Plural
He 's not starving .	1	Third person Singular
In the street – I do n't know why – a queer feeling came to me that I was an impostor .	4	First person Singular
The owner , Jean , has been there 31 years !	5	Third person Singular
Supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening , but I 'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal .	7	First person Singular
During the Nazi occupation , Łódź was incorporated directly into the Third Reich .	6	Third person Singular
is there anything similar with The Onion where they continually revisit a topic or person ?	8	Third person Plural
I have terrible hair and he really takes his time to make it look right .	8	Third person Singular
One remark made by Sha'lan on Al - Arabiya TV , that he could n't say more about Chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor .	29	First person Singular
I do n't know how others feel , but I 'm definitely looking into immigration to Canada as an option .	9	First person Singular
The Jihad " soldiers " join packaged death tours to Iraq and other hotspots , while some of their leaders ski in Switzerland .	18	Third person Plural
He addresses me again in Yiddish .	0	Third person Singular
He addresses me again in Yiddish .	2	First person Singular
Richard do you have any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in Texas or are you aware of any Enron has filed ??	21	Third person Singular
Adds charm and shine to the face and skin .	0	Third person Singular
Filtering a field is particularly helpful when you have a large amount of source data but you want to focus on specific areas .	3	Third person Singular
The atmosphere alone deserves 4 stars but , the food was not up to par with the price tag and the reputation the restaurant carries .	10	Third person Singular
In the time it takes me to explain she grasps and loses the words , grasps and loses phrases as they go past .	17	Third person Singular
They phoned the same day , confirmed it was the gearbox quoted me the job , I gave the go ahead .	0	Third person Plural
Click the " Subscribe " button on someone 's Profile to get their public updates in your News Feed .	7	Third person Singular
In the Episode " So in Louvre Are We Two " , How many diffrent painting / scupltures are their and who are the artists ?	8	First person Plural
I would understand if I was being treated this way by a staff member but the club 's actual OWNER ?!	4	First person Singular
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	17	First person Plural
As Shakespeare 's mastery grew , he gave his characters clearer and more varied motivations and distinctive patterns of speech .	6	Third person Singular
When he tried to call again , he could no longer get a dial tone .	7	Third person Singular
How may I be of assistance ?	2	First person Singular
So far what they have done together has been good for us and that ’s how we would like to keep it ’’ , says Karzai .	21	Third person Singular
Zenghelis described her as the most outstanding pupil he ever taught .	2	Third person Singular
You ca n't MAKE them mate , you can only encourage them .	11	Third person Plural
Nobody gives a damn where he is .	6	Third person Singular
I 'm in	0	First person Singular
My spirits recovered , and as soon as I had got into my habit , I followed him to the garden I have already told about .	21	First person Singular
remember to visit with him while he is in the room , and tell him how good he is .	14	Third person Singular
He had nothing , he knew nothing , he knew that he knew nothing .	4	Third person Singular
It 's a cute place with a really friendly , laid - back atmosphere .	0	Third person Singular
She says the issue is complicated and will take time to get right .	1	Third person Singular
We have since moved slightly further away from the centre but it 's worth the extra travel , as the care provided exceeds our expectations ... especially after a few horrendous daycare experiences elsewhere .	23	First person Plural
Could one of you please email me a copy of the standard template you use for Enfolio gas purchase agreements ?	6	First person Singular
I see that it is a 4 , so that will be no problem .	0	First person Singular
Deco is still with Caoimhe .	1	Third person Singular
Again Dr. Fortier threw rocks at the bear and again its target was able to escape .	12	Third person Singular
The Commission , however , though bound to issue guidelines , does so only reluctantly and in a vague manner .	11	Third person Singular
Jean and Thane , I think that we need a FORMAL PLAN on what to do over the next 3 - 6 months to leverage this situation .	7	First person Plural
I would remind you that Mr Cornelissen 's report has been added to the agenda for Tuesday .	0	First person Singular
I 'll probably start looking next weekend .	0	First person Singular
We will still be around to assist them if needed .	7	Third person Plural
The 10 - week course has been " certified " by UK spy agency GCHQ .	5	Third person Singular
" This reality was noted by playwright Oscar Wilde , who said :	3	Third person Singular
A third narrative poem , A Lover 's Complaint , in which a young woman laments her seduction by a persuasive suitor , was printed in the first edition of the Sonnets in 1609 .	23	Third person Singular
For a time I would feel I belonged still to a world of straightforward facts ; but the feeling would not last long .	3	First person Singular
Do you think he 's teething ?	4	Third person Singular
He was an unshaven little man in a threadbare coat like a gaberdine , with his feet in slippers , and I thought him a harmless fool .	0	Third person Singular
You can somewhat reduce your vulnerability by preventive and defensive measures and by strict border controls but not eliminate it and definitely not win the war in a defensive way .	19	Third person Singular
this kebab shop is one of the best around the meat is good and fresh and the chilly sauce is the best , keep them lovely kebabs coming and a happy new year to all the staff	11	Third person Singular
They said they were " unable to tell me until they ordered my dress " .	12	First person Singular
He looked at his hands , saw that they were dirty , and got up to wash them .	8	Third person Plural
But on the other hand a good reputation will benefit him , both with respect to the product and to his service .	10	Third person Singular
Critics of Scientology at the Internet newsgroup alt.religion.scientology were critical of the attacks to the Church of Scientology website , with one poster writing " How can people look at both sides if one side is gone ? "	35	Third person Singular
Ken said to go ahead and equip it with what you think it should have .	12	Third person Singular
I will not eat halal meat , so guess what , I opted for foods which were n't a meat dish , there were plenty of other options .	0	First person Singular
Is this a transitional period for the baby ... that he / she is left alone much more time ?	10	Third person Singular
It actually had a hole in one of the slices .	0	Third person Singular
Most troubling , however , is the fact that the political will to end the crisis expressed a few short weeks ago seems to have ebbed .	22	Third person Singular
1 . I tested it out by making a figure boat	4	Third person Singular
It came out better than I even imagined .	5	First person Singular
Please join our growing family !!!! :-)	2	First person Plural
I think this location is no longer in business .	4	Third person Singular
The greater part of the Danube Delta lies in Romania ( Tulcea county ) , while its northern part , on the left bank of the Chilia arm , is situated in Ukraine ( Odessa Oblast ) .	16	Third person Singular
If so go for it and I 'll give you all the moral support I can as you figure out what is up .	6	First person Singular
This time it reached him , but he refused to believe that she no longer wanted to be married to him .	4	Third person Singular
Blank screens will not enrich our society .	5	First person Plural
The problem is that in many EU Member States it has become the easy option with dire consequences for the environment .	10	Third person Singular
If part of the public supports it , others tolerate it , many are afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood , organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism .	10	Third person Singular
We said the first people came out of the sun .	0	First person Plural
He reportedly treated them like sons .	0	Third person Singular
Linda is the rudest person you will ever talk to and she sticks up for all of the trashy , rude people that live there , not the nice ones that actually give a crap about respecting others .	12	Third person Singular
afterwards he arose and went out – and the wilderness without a sound took him into its bosom again .	16	Third person Singular
Who has the 2000 tax return file for 969 ?	1	Third person Singular
IT S NOT A BIG DEAL BUT I HAD TO TAKE MY SALAD HOME BECAUSE THEY FORGOT TO BRING IT .	11	First person Singular
The price they gave was good so I said hey this seems great .	4	Third person Singular
Maybe she meant if she made herself .	1	Third person Singular
This is not just the fault of the Commission , but I believe that we need to take action more quickly so as to achieve harmonisation in this area as well .	11	First person Singular
yet to understand the effect of it on me you ought to know how I got out there , what I saw , how I went up that river to the place where I first met the poor chap .	20	First person Singular
From Mérida , it is easy to take day trips to a vast array of destinations : archaeological sites , ecological parks , typical villages , caves , beaches , colonial missions and more .	4	Third person Singular
She has taken care of my sweet girl for almost 4 years now and I would not let Gracee go with anyone besides her !!!	5	First person Singular
A few minutes after I left , I was called and informed that " I " left my wheel lock ( which they should have left in the car ) .	22	Third person Plural
I just want a simple way to get a good deal to whatever Restaurant I want , whenever I want .	18	First person Singular
And that 's what they call living , that life at the grindstone , doing the same thing over and over again ....	4	Third person Plural
" What we know is that he 's always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their enemies , " former CIA OBL unit counter terrorism chief Michael Scheuer has said .	10	Third person Singular
Have patience with him , you just got him and who knows how he was treated before you brought him home .	13	Third person Singular
I am expecting to pay something in the $ 3, to $ 5,000 range .	0	First person Singular
Would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller meeting in October when we should have worldwide buy - in and commitment to these standards and ( hopefully ) our first draft of a meaningful exception report ?	31	First person Plural
Staff exchange has , nonetheless , gained ground and has now become a standard feature of Pericles .	9	Third person Singular
This extradition and imprisonment of Al Qaeda leaders , along with US support for Israel and the Mubarak government in Egypt , remains foremost in the mind of Dr. Zawahiri .	22	Third person Singular
In about forty-five seconds I found myself again in the waiting-room with the compassionate secretary , who , full of desolation and sympathy , made me sign some document .	6	First person Singular
We in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development feel that this form of production should be encouraged .	0	First person Plural
From about the 8th century BC city states began to appear : small , self - governing territories with their own political systems .	19	Third person Plural
We are looking , therefore , within the Structural Funds programme not just to see industrial restructuring but also to see a wider improvement in the whole of the economic base within the Principality .	0	First person Plural
We 'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to S.D. last week .	10	First person Plural
He supposed he had n't spoken clearly enough through his mouthful of ashes back in the Weasleys fire .	2	Third person Singular
If you want to hear how much ugliness there is – yes .	9	Third person Singular
The crane accident comes just ten days before the beginning of the Hajj , the annual pilgrimage to Mecca , Islam 's holiest site .	3	Third person Singular
Fortunately , there is a restaurant in each of the hotels with simple yet delicious cuisine .	3	Third person Singular
My trader is supporting her price of SJ Bondad GDP rather than SJ Non-Bondad GDP .	4	Third person Singular
taking young cat with me for a week out of state ?	4	First person Singular
Still , you have a better chance of some peace and quiet , and the weather can be surprisingly better in April and September than in mid-July – again , it ’s all part of the uncertainty principle .	30	Third person Singular
The neighbours are still interfering , but there are signs that rather than undermining Afghanistan ’s stability they may now be trying to strengthen it .	24	Third person Singular
I 'm assuming this was in reference to the January earthquake , do n't worry , it was very deep , so nothing was effected :)	17	Third person Singular
She could n’t care about tiny details .	0	Third person Singular
It 's so much fun !	1	Third person Singular
" At some point , Patricia tripped or the bear tripped her and was at her back .	13	Third person Singular
Just because you have a male and female , it can not be guaranteed the two mated .	9	Third person Singular
Harry fought to keep his face straight as he emerged .	4	Third person Singular
How FusionRetail has overcome these issues ?	2	Third person Singular
It was a good opportunity to know about Enron and its finance sector .	1	Third person Singular
He eats all of his grain but it just takes him a while to get it chewed because of the lack of muscle in his jaws .	9	Third person Singular
Currently , Mercury and Venus is conjunct and the conjunction is being closely aspected by Rahu .	10	Third person Singular
( ps. I 'm assuming you 'll stop off in Wellington , and since it s summer , may I recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos ?	14	Third person Singular
Dusty and I , we like to say , on Sunday , this is where we go to church .	2	First person Singular
Yes , I am traveling quite a bit .	2	First person Singular
Although Balzac was a supporter of the crown , Balzac paints the counter - revolutionaries in a sympathetic light - even though they are the center of the book 's most brutal scenes .	10	Third person Singular
Despite his aristocratic origins , L'Enfant closely identified with the United States , changing his first name from Pierre to Peter when he first came to the rebelling colonies in 1777 .	14	Third person Singular
Her father Mohammed Hadid Muhammad al-Hajj Husayn Hadid was a wealthy industrialist from Mosul .	8	Third person Singular
It could notionally be expanded to encompass the 5,000 - strong " 55th Brigade " of the Taliban regime , though this is not the technical definition .	22	Third person Singular
Is it someone on your team or someone from CEC ?	1	Third person Singular
The subject of all this talk is , ultimately , survival the survival of the decent society created in Israel within a few decades .	6	Third person Singular
I did n't understand what kind of student she was .	0	First person Singular
The American - Arab Discrimination Committee is suing Condoleeza Rice and Donald Rumsfeld , charging that they mismanaged the evacuation efforts .	16	Third person Plural
In Baghdad Kadhim Talal Husain , assistant dean at the School of Education at Mustansiriyah University , was assassinated with his driver in the Salikh district .	20	Third person Singular
Once in a fever I heard thousands of birds outside my window and I was terrified that they would fling themselves through the glass and attack me , but it was only the rain on the eaves .	20	Third person Plural
It was amazing .	0	Third person Singular
As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now .	20	Third person Singular
Please let us know if you need anything else .	2	First person Plural
" The US does not dictate what happens at the IMF , but it does have a disproportionate influence .	14	Third person Singular
the group to which Edwardsiella andrillae belongs includes many species that reproduce asexually , and it 's possible that the fields are " clones " produced asexually rather than the result of sexual reproduction .	6	Third person Singular
I am currently working on guidelines for Argentina which will address both physical and financial trading .	1	First person Singular
We have been able to keep ENA 's direct group expenses flat year on year , we are trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well .	16	First person Plural
When I finally found someone at the desk who could speak English , they moved our room , but we still did not receive the single queen we had " reserved "	1	First person Singular
Will we be valuing / booking a series of monthly call options or a series of daily call options ?	1	First person Plural
Companies may try to set up a firewall between sensitive systems and foreign powers , but it does not always work .	17	Third person Singular
It is also peak tourist season , which means there are far more people just about everywhere but the most remote corners of the island , and prices are at their highest .	1	Third person Singular
It clearly gives the Admin a very strong upper hand to control who when and where direct access can occur without having to say that they oppose direct access .	2	Third person Singular
Near the end of his life Balzac was captivated by the idea of cutting 20,000 acres ( 81 Km2 ) of oak wood in Ukraine and transporting it for sale in France .	7	Third person Singular
One little boy stands up and offers that , " if my best friend who lives next door was playing in the street when a car came along and killed him , that would be a tragedy " .	11	First person Singular
I was already a vegetarian when I read it a little more than a year ago , but it was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan .	0	First person Singular
I am missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet .	1	First person Singular
Everyone was gathering round for servings from the roast sheep , and the fair stocky man from the airport signalled a greeting with a piece of meat in his fingers .	1	First person Singular
I 'm checking my emails .	3	First person Singular
He did not like the girl sitting next to him , and it offended him that she should be casually skimming the pages that had cost him so much effort .	26	Third person Singular
He was dehydrated when he got there and lost weight .	1	Third person Singular
Pewter is perfect for what you are doing , and it melts on a stove top .	10	Third person Singular
Once he had taken the leap into that name , he had stopped thinking about Auster himself .	16	Third person Singular
It has got very spacious rooms , furnished completely and neatly .	0	Third person Singular
It s fab !	1	Third person Singular
As Joyce 's story demonstrates , agriculture is crucial to Africa 's future .	4	Third person Singular
The only way to get at what 's different is to make comparisons with close relatives .	9	Third person Singular
I 've been doing this professionally since I was in my twenties , and before that since I was sixteen doing little tidbit poetry readings in coffeehouses .	8	Third person Singular
no one was charged for forced marriage , only the beating .	2	Third person Singular
The place is chill and comfortable .	2	Third person Singular
For example , the Weatherspoon Art Museum at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro saw attendance levels reach 11,000 visitors when it exhibited its Warhol collection in 2010 , according to curator Elaine Gustafon .	24	Third person Singular
As stated , the decision is the prerogative of the ECB and would appear inappropriate for the Bank to speak on its behalf by excluding the possibility of looking at other alternatives .	21	Third person Singular
I 'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY .	18	Third person Singular
The beating that these countries ' currencies have taken as the US Federal Reserve begins to tighten monetary policy is just the start ;	14	Third person Singular
The home page for Rockin on the River is , and it lists all the acts scheduled for the season .	12	Third person Singular
We sat in the front dining area , it was very cozy and pleasant .	0	First person Plural
We called our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it taken care of .	0	First person Plural
I felt weary and irritable . Hang Kurtz , I thought .	0	First person Singular
Each area has its own way of making wine .	3	Third person Singular
If you do n't practice , then nothing happens .	8	Third person Singular
The US Red Cross has mobilised thousands of volunteers for its biggest - ever natural disaster effort and federal emergency teams are being dispatched to affected areas .	4	Third person Singular
During the session , he demanded to have my physical address , which I 've always kept private as I am enrolled in a witness protection program .	4	Third person Singular
It was for sale in a couple of galleries in SF and was about $ 20,000 .	0	Third person Singular
With regard to criminal sanctions , the Commission has published two reports [ 5 ] on the implementation of the above-mentioned Framework Decision , which show a satisfactory level of implementation .	8	Third person Singular
It was three years between recovery of specimens and final publication , why did it take so long ?	1	Third person Singular
I can see how you get confused though . :)	0	First person Singular
If it 's inherently negative , then they 're either over-zealous , ignorant of other people or what to avoid those that contradict their fantasy land that caters to them and them only .	7	Third person Plural
Huge selection and , great suggestions from the staff and they refer you to reliable places if they do n't have what you need .	10	Third person Plural
I would like to have a meeting to go over the payment methodology .	0	First person Singular
Fort Lee is a small town but is piled high with apartment buildings .	7	Third person Singular
Good luck w/ it & will pray for you to have the willpower to be smoke - free :)	3	Third person Singular
Magazines constantly change their policy on it ; they want it , they do n't want it ...	6	Third person Singular
" I need to pay for a damaged book , " she said .	1	First person Singular
Madam President , I do not wish to reopen the debate , but I had also asked for the floor , to comment on Mr Barón Crespo 's motion .	3	First person Singular
The interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections , but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 ( or so ) balloting centres .	24	Third person Plural
I was married by a judge .	1	First person Singular
One of my top 5 places to eat in Baltimore .	2	First person Singular
When he had come to the end , he said , Do you think I 'm crazy ?	8	Third person Singular
i have not gotten a good response so i think shanna and i are going to stay in town .	12	First person Singular
In Othello , the villain Iago stokes Othello 's sexual jealousy to the point where he murders the innocent wife who loves him .	15	Third person Singular
My goal , however optimistic , is to execute the risk policy by the end of today .	0	First person Singular
Everything reflects the significant event , for the significant event is beyond question historical and political , not private .	10	Third person Singular
Mayor Teddy Kollek , irrepressible organizer of wonderful events ( some of them too rich for my blood ) , takes us to dinner with one of the Armenian Archbishops in the Old City .	20	Third person Singular
They vehemently protested the Israeli assassination of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , the leader of Hamas , last March .	0	Third person Plural
We have already recommended you to some of our friends !	8	First person Plural
They will , however , cost a bunch .	0	Third person Plural
They promise them the delights , mostly sexual , of the next world , and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead .	2	Third person Plural
My bday is Saturday :) and I wan na have breakfast / lunch with my fam .	6	First person Singular
The laser is made into the hand grip and has a switch on the side to turn it on .	9	Third person Singular
We 've had a crate made to transport Fritzi , and she 's been trying it on him .	0	First person Plural
So I started a small mailing list and added their addresses to it .	12	Third person Singular
As he did not have a window seat he did not see the bush and the earth red as brick-dust and the furze of growth along the river-beds :	1	Third person Singular
I still do the odd chapter , but i am a bit delinquent in finishing some of them these days !	0	First person Singular
When I was a young man in Air Force ROTC I was chosen to attend a unique Pilot Training Program called Euro- NATO Joint Jet Pilot Training .	1	First person Singular
Also , would those of you who have not responded to me via email confirming your acceptance of the terms upon which our four companies have agreed to assume cost responsibility for the TCA work on this .	22	First person Plural
As far as the call with Uncle Ben goes , if he was thrilled to hear from me I could n't tell by his voice .	8	Third person Singular
Her two brothers died at Auschwitz , Hjalmar Wentz said ;	0	Third person Singular
" Beijing may end up in a early 1990s Japan situation , where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them . "	14	Third person Singular
Mrs. Indira Gandhi arrives this afternoon and yesterday it was United Nations and Sekou Toure .	9	First person Singular
Somewhere in between his rudeness he asked if we smoked .	5	Third person Singular
Just our standard .	1	First person Plural
My husband has been a professional chef , so he is a good judge of quality food .	10	Third person Singular
The current study seeks to build on this research by estimating the prevalence of discrimination experiences among a large , nationally representative sample of adults from the United States .	3	Third person Singular
It is fair to say that this creates an unprecedented breeding ground for cruel dictators , terror networks , fanaticism , incitement , suicide murders and general decline .	1	Third person Singular
Is the drink popular ?	0	Third person Singular
and their gpa was better than mine ....	1	Third person Plural
The down side was that sometimes there was a lot of noise in the hallway from other patients / doctors .	3	Third person Singular
I frequent this resturant on a weekly basis but usally only for lunch .	0	First person Singular
Kesha and Pebe co-wrote the song " Stephen " together when Kesha was 16 , Kesha then tracked down David Gamson , a producer that she admired , from Scritti Politti who agreed to produce the song .	12	Third person Singular
Think that was bad - by December of '74 the Dow had sunk to a bear market low of 577 .	2	Third person Singular
I have never called myself that , by the way .	0	First person Singular
Kaoshikii is especially good for women .	1	Third person Singular
He was a tall dark fellow in his mid-thirties , with rumpled clothes and a two-day beard .	7	Third person Singular
But something about it seemed to call out to him – as if its unique destiny in the world was to hold the words that came from his pen .	9	Third person Singular
“ Beijing believes its intervention is necessary to prevent a continued legislative paralysis in the city , ” he said .	2	Third person Singular
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned global warming , clean air , clean water , pollution or environment in his 2004 State of the Union speech .	20	Third person Singular
This campaign season , there have been questions about whether George W. Bush fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s .	14	Third person Singular
The Peak District ( Derbyshire ) is the closest .	6	Third person Singular
I was there when they did a free raffle in August and I won a hard drive !	4	Third person Plural
In the past Muggle Quidditch has mainly been played at colleges in the US , but over the last few years there has been a dramatic rise in the number of community teams .	5	Third person Singular
They are a big part of our family .	6	First person Plural
Everyone on staff is very professional and friendly .	3	Third person Singular
But Bout 's name is n't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives , before it sinks like so many others beneath the media 's frothing triviality .	19	Third person Singular
We see the base of the food chain , the plankton , the small things , and we see how those animals are food to animals in the middle of the pyramid , and on so up this diagram .	0	First person Plural
Find him before he finds the dog food .	1	Third person Singular
you 've kept it up this long	3	Third person Singular
“ It ’s not funny , ” Derya says .	8	Third person Singular
Marriage is , in and of itself , a noble concept , but it too often leads to kids and kids flat out suck .	13	Third person Singular
Well last night while I was sleeping , my hamster escaped from his cage .	4	First person Singular
I just do nt want to freak him out or make him feel uncomfortable .	11	Third person Singular
Now that the Dursleys knew they were n't going to wake up as fruitbats , he had lost his only weapon .	5	Third person Plural
As you know , our next meeting is on Wednesday , July 12 from 3:00 - 5:30 p.m .	4	First person Plural
Ok , I know that Mcdonald 's has Monopoly going on right now .	7	Third person Singular
Will be staying here any and every time I come anywhere near .	8	First person Singular
I do think some Y!A users need to work on their reading comprehension as I ca n't comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse .	32	Third person Singular
Eugene A. Nida ( November 11 , 1914 – August 25 , 2011 ) was a linguist who developed the dynamic-equivalence Bible-translation theory and one of the founders of the modern discipline of Translation Studies .	14	Third person Singular
what does it mean when a veiled chameleon egg is soft ?	9	Third person Singular
In its scope it belongs to the most far - reaching cultures of the time , in which many sites are known .	4	Third person Singular
And though he 'd been a faithful servant , he was not such a player that he could get away with that .	10	Third person Singular
One thing is certain for sure .	2	Third person Singular
Michael Chestney was very pleasant and patient with my wife and she suggested I go check it out .	13	First person Singular
Jeff , here is the intial draft .	3	Third person Singular
However , he left my horse without a shoe for TWO WEEKS ( now that 's what I call a crap farrier ) .	15	Third person Singular
And , everyone , all of our friends and all of our acquaintances would say , " Hey , you 'd get along with him really well . "	11	First person Plural
" When I left , " he said , laughing , " the hostages wept and begged me to stay . "	6	Third person Singular
For Kevin Allton , a USI instructor in English , Warhol was also a legend .	11	Third person Singular
And , just as a psychologist would predict , one of the partners , China , has decided to go its own way .	16	Third person Singular
SHE KNOWS GREAT FOOD AND DINING EXPERIENCES .	0	Third person Singular
Please send me an email response about whether you and Michelle Cash are OK with what he 's written .	16	Third person Singular
I could n't say no ... so Nicki ( the little girl - 10 yrs. old ) and I waited for the bus .	18	First person Singular
Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosencreutz , which suggests ( and most people who ’ve heard of it suppose ) that the wedding is Christian ’s .	23	Third person Singular
I have just checked with RAC ( David Gorte ) and we have a green light to go ahead with the project .	11	First person Plural
But it did revolutionize the way we think of as a smartphone .	1	Third person Singular
Josh Kindig , he 's coming on board , he has some ideas for that too , he wants to take over " aywv " and do more gaming news .	17	Third person Singular
I get that careless teenager kind of treatment from some of their staff ... perhaps they should hire more serious adults to help serve / cook .	15	Third person Plural
There he is , she said .	2	Third person Singular
He heard the sound of someone entering the room behind him .	0	Third person Singular
Aunt Dorothy says her secretary 's been trying to get hold of you .	3	Third person Singular
I would say if he does not call you back by friday call him again he could be playing hard to get ?	13	Third person Singular
Like most of us I was a little skeptical and little worried about the legal aspects of it all .	4	First person Singular
I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it : I do n't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says .	13	First person Singular
Last year she came up to me during one of the games late in the season ; she was so happy we were going to the post season .	21	First person Plural
" Yes , " I said .	4	First person Singular
I remember signing my first autograph to a kid when I was 25 years old .	10	First person Singular
They were very friendly and were able to explain me exactly what was wrong with it .	9	First person Singular
This cost is averaging $ 79,000 per month if we continue to run the compressor as we have in August and September .	2	Third person Singular
The hardest thing in running this business , which is why people ca n't do it , is the relationship that my wife has with the gals and with the customers .	9	Third person Singular
I highly recommend Debi , she does an amazing job , I " love " the way she cuts my hair , extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .	0	First person Singular
I just wan na make sure :) Thank !	0	First person Singular
( He is 92 pounds ) He does not listen to any commands , but my major problem is that he will not go outside on command , or even with me .	1	Third person Singular
Anticipating a difficulty , I ask the stewardess to serve me a kosher lunch .	4	First person Singular
The upstairs " guest suite " is pretty neat .	6	Third person Singular
Dogs , cats , rabbits , wolves , moose , horses , you name it , we have it .	18	Third person Singular
When i put him off of my bed , he jumps back on and same thing .	3	Third person Singular
they may then chose to ask you to bring more evidence , or just look up the record and hand you the certificate .	0	Third person Plural
There are deals in the Aruba book so I 'm not sure why you are n't picking those up .	8	First person Singular
Well , I 've picked someone my own size at last tonight .	6	First person Singular
I 'm pleased that someone referred me to them for my commercial business .	0	First person Singular
I have sat here patiently and I find it quite extraordinary that you are not calling me .	6	First person Singular
Al - Qaeda wants them , Iran wants them , Russia wants the better ones , and all the US wants is to give them all a piece of coal .	20	Third person Singular
I do n't know .	0	First person Singular
beware they will rip u off	1	Third person Plural
The result , then , is hardly the cat 's pyjamas .	5	Third person Singular
She comes to you .	1	Third person Singular
It ’s sort of like , " Hmmm ... that ’s hilarious . That ’s really really funny " rather than people falling off their chairs .	24	Third person Plural
At this point , Fred caught his mother 's eye and quickly busied himself with the marmalade .	6	Third person Singular
He told himself to stay calm .	0	Third person Singular
This is a beautiful site and a wonderful idea .	1	Third person Singular
It is complicated because it deals with all nine separately and it is necessary to submit amendments in nine sets .	5	Third person Singular
He struck a match , and I perceived that this young aristocrat had not only a silver-mounted dressing-case but also a whole candle all to himself .	0	Third person Singular
Then she gave him work to do , with the promise he would n't eat again until he 'd finished .	11	Third person Singular
Ultimately , codependency leads to a loss of identity , serious frictions , and often a nasty breakup – unless one or both of the partners becomes more self-reliant and strikes out on his or her own .	3	Third person Singular
This may take some time , but it 's worth the effort if you can attract a wild mouse eater to your yard . [ 6 ]	8	Third person Singular
It is a great course for local golfers to be proud of and all the comments in 2008 have been very positive !!	1	Third person Singular
Since they knew our preferences , we almost always went along with their menu suggestions and were never sorry we did .	1	Third person Plural
It 's queer how out of touch with truth women are .	1	Third person Singular
On the one hand , it should pressure Musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " Legal Framework Order " that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .	35	Third person Singular
Harry stared at them all watching him .	6	Third person Singular
This is one example of what happens when Bush gets a question that he has n't anticipated .	6	Third person Singular
Although flying to the Chathams and back is not cheap , it is worth it .	14	Third person Singular
Dogs , cats , rabbits , wolves , moose , horses , you name it , we have it .	16	First person Plural
I know a lot of people say to wait until he calls you , but it 's different because I 'm a client and technically that 's all I am at this point .	15	Third person Singular
I want signed and numbered .	0	First person Singular
This Muggle woman bought it , took it home and tried to serve her friends tea in it .	13	Third person Singular
It was there , in this Central African territory , that he had been a colonial servant until the settlers succeeded in having him recalled and deported for his support of the People 's Independence Party .	28	Third person Singular
Firstly , the other reviewer clearly has never been to Nick 's , or he would know that Nick only charges $ 13 for a haircut which is pretty much industry standard .	14	Third person Singular
The present research represents a first step in exploring the impact of transmedia systems , as exemplified by Game of Thrones , through the study of fans .	3	Third person Singular
Dr. Shady is inexperienced and prideful .	2	Third person Singular
" Balzac himself attributed his condition to " intellectual congestion " , but his extended confinement in the " alcove " was surely a factor .	2	Third person Singular
If your washing machine is worth its salt , it will undo those straps in a heartbeat and tie them in a sheet bend unless you prevent it .	27	Third person Singular
New York was the nowhere he had built around himself , and he realized that he had no intention of ever leaving it again .	2	First person Singular
Besides holding our hearts together through long periods of separation , it had the effect of making us tolerant of each other 's yarns – and even convictions .	17	First person Plural
The Fallujah fighting has killed fair numbers of Iraqi noncombatants , including Shaikh Abdul Wahhab al - Janabi of the respected Association of Muslim Scholars .	3	Third person Singular
Molten brass is damn hot and usually it 's pressurized gas and forced air or oxygen .	7	Third person Singular
Hedwig had woken up with a particularly loud screech and was beating her wings wildly against the bars of her cage .	12	Third person Singular
I assume you have your anwser and do n't need me .	0	First person Singular
All you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican food , is add a whole lot of pepper .	7	Third person Singular
When those lucky enough not to have Herpes create a climate of shame and indignity for those of us who do , not only are they hurting us , but they are hurting themselves .	27	First person Plural
Nevertheless this places Karzai in a difficult and sensitive situation because he has to maintain excellent relations with both the US and Iran .	12	Third person Singular
The model does not include the effect of rising carbon dioxide concentration , which has complex and potentially offsetting impacts on global food supply .	14	Third person Singular
His remark did not seem at all surprising .	0	Third person Singular
A thoroughly comprehensive service ; excellent communication and best of they are transparent with their fee ( ie nothing is simply implied or assumed ) .	14	Third person Plural
I have been going to Nick for 5 months now precisely because he does pay attention to detail .	12	Third person Singular
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	17	First person Plural
They already have rights to take it , alter it , and release those changes to the world - this is what the whole open source thing is about .	20	Third person Singular
He could suggest to Virginia Stillman that she get an unlisted telephone number .	7	Third person Singular
The difference is when the cat hisses , that means they are annoyed and they want the other cat to go away .	9	Third person Singular
But I succeed in suppressing this a triumph over myself .	9	First person Singular
The rapporteur has also quite rightly stated that Parliament was not heard in time regarding the guidelines .	9	Third person Singular
There were 3 names before us .	5	First person Plural
Unfortunately , Mr. Lay will be in San Jose , CA participating in a conference , where he is a speaker , on June 14 .	17	Third person Singular
It never happens there .	2	Third person Singular
Our time is likely to be limited to 5 - 10 minutes .	0	First person Plural
if everything is filtered , and you still have this problem - try changing the filter - if it is still there , try doubling up on the filters ...	19	Third person Singular
The countryside is very beautiful , especially if you have a few months ( or years ) to get to know the place .	2	Third person Singular
It returns all customers from a (country|region) named " U % " , not all (countries|regions) beginning with the letter " U " , because the percent sign ( % ) is not a wildcard character in ANSI-89 SQL .	1	Third person Singular
I 'm in love with the old - growth forest , and I 'm a patriotic American because we have those .	12	First person Singular
But she did a fabulous job letting me know what she was doing at all times and styled my hair in a way i could do it at home .	1	Third person Singular
She sounded breathless and kept patting her hair .	0	Third person Singular
The popular radio company at the time was called Victrola .	7	Third person Singular
Not once does he claim to be present at what happens .	10	Third person Singular
He was quite a nice young man in Dar-es-Salaam .	0	Third person Singular
i m pretty sure that they do see things on the tv screen because my cat chases things around the tv screen	14	First person Singular
Right now , yeah , he 's helping us right now .	6	Third person Singular
I forgot to tell you that I saw your friend on a re-run Jeopardy the other night and I almost called you but it came on at 11:30 .	0	First person Singular
I took the cage and place it next to the couch .	0	First person Singular
" This is a great scientific discovery " , but it was so awful .	2	Third person Singular
She was an anthropologist , and Bray accepted this as an explanation for her passion for arranging excursions , on which she carried her baby tied on her back , African style .	27	Third person Singular
You can tell when your king snake is about to shed , because its eyes will get milky looking .	13	Third person Singular
She really listens to what it is you would like to achieve , and I am very happy with my results .	15	First person Singular
They were called criminals , and the outraged law , like the bursting shells , had come to them , an insoluble mystery from over the sea .	0	Third person Plural
Under the accord , a new northeastern provincial council was formed and the Indian army was deployed as peacekeepers in the north and east .	9	Third person Singular
The days start to shorten & it gets even wetter , windier & colder .	7	Third person Singular
I was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that I have had in my life .	0	First person Singular
i have talked to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say it s a routine thing when entering another country .	20	Third person Singular
Under his administration , the female vote was approved , political parties were legalised , all of the exiled were allowed to return and the remaining political prisoners were freed .	1	Third person Singular
However , then I asked to amend my return to apply a credit I had just become eligible for .	3	First person Singular
We 're entering into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio-political - spiritual territory here that may require further examination and serious introspection .	0	First person Plural
No business is going to push customers away without good reason ; so is n't it reasonable to think they might know what they 're doing ?	23	Third person Plural
Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy , even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery ( as he had twice stated i must agree to ) .	27	Third person Singular
I 'd be happy if someone helps , especially someone who has been to Fujairah or lives there . :)	0	First person Singular
What could be the issue and can I try some home remedies first ?	7	First person Singular
The Escola do Cérebro is a platform that integrates seven digital games into a database .	8	Third person Singular
Jane , on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .	13	First person Plural
We have since moved slightly further away from the centre but it 's worth the extra travel , as the care provided exceeds our expectations ... especially after a few horrendous daycare experiences elsewhere .	11	Third person Singular
The EU is an inspiring political structure that seeks to break the mold of the nineteenth - century nation - state .	2	Third person Singular
Sometimes I even think I 'm down South again , that 's a fact .	11	Third person Singular
If anyone has it handy , it could speed things up for me .	6	Third person Singular
I have had several dentists in my life , but Dr. Deters is by far my favorite .	15	First person Singular
I asked why so high and they said it was due to the labor of moving things out of the way .	6	Third person Plural
Eventually , she got the break she was so eager for :	2	Third person Singular
Although it is highly built up , Fort Lee also houses many playing fields and recreational parks as well as bike and running trails .	1	Third person Singular
Please know that I have yet to meet a convict who wants their child to be a thief , an addict , a dealer , a prostitute , or a violent individual .	12	Third person Plural
I also have a profile they fill out for me , a mini-MMPI that I developed , so that I have an idea -- Rebecca and I put it together	14	First person Singular
he will reassure himself that no other animal is in there , and that no other animal will come in - he is afraid that he is in someone else 's territory when he is in a new house .	0	Third person Singular
" Norman is one of my good buddies , so it totally sucked to see him in that emotional state . "	2	Third person Singular
He could n't very well offer a work of the imagination to do that , could he ?	0	Third person Singular
I 'm sorry he makes me want to puke so I shut him off .	10	First person Singular
How do I take care of my newborn baby fish ?	2	First person Singular
Rodents require special bedding in their cages to absorb their waste , and this needs to be cleaned regularly , or your hamster could suffer from problems due the buildup of ammonia from his urine .	14	Third person Singular
So I just needed to know if it is a suitable place to live in and in what ways .	1	First person Singular
Lopez addressed the note which I had written , sealed it with his sleeve - link , and sent it by the hand of the servant , Jose .	12	Third person Singular
Put guards in front of every concert hall and there will always be a line of people to be checked by the guards and this line will be the target , not to speak of killing the guards themselves .	38	Third person Plural
I will be getting with my vet first and if I do get him , have the spinal fluid test done for EPM and a titer test .	5	First person Singular
Since work has gone to hell , I am hoping to find some excitement in the possibility that LSU may play in the Cotton Bowl ( if Rohan " Alabama " Davey shows up for the next 3 games . )	7	First person Singular
I am going to try and study aboard but idk where I can go I can not decide where do you think would be the best place to go ?	11	First person Singular
I have a day stop - over in San Francisco and my wife want to see some of the key sites .	0	First person Singular
Hilary Braysmith , USI associate professor of art history , said , " I think his photography is equally influential as his graphic works , his more famous pictures of Marilyn .	25	Third person Singular
It is a directive which safeguards the interests of rightholders and protects intellectual property .	5	Third person Singular
In addition to the Structural Funds and the common agricultural policy , the financing of the Community needs to undergo radical reform .	17	Third person Singular
If they smell strongly earlier , test with a wooden skewer ; if it returns clean after sticking into a cupcake , they 're ready .	13	Third person Singular
St Jude , the patron saint of Lost Causes , comes to mind .	10	Third person Singular
Jann , phoned this morning and asked me to pass this information to the group , concerning Bobby Riggins .	7	First person Singular
Does that work for you ?	0	Third person Singular
The straps on adults ’ overalls often get so twisted during the wash that one wishes she had just used an old fashioned washboard instead .	16	Third person Singular
He made it to Grand Central well in advance .	0	Third person Singular
But then again he could be !	3	Third person Singular
We would not hesitate to use Spears Roofing again .	0	First person Plural
And every time he see some one he will rush to people and jump on them , does n't listen to me .	15	Third person Plural
Would it embarrass Evelyn if Evelyn sang ? she asked Bray .	8	Third person Singular
I am sorry for him , he is a good dad	1	First person Singular
I 'll take it to my bank tomorrow morning , deposit it in my account , and give you the money when it clears .	5	First person Singular
He was incredibly informative about the options I had , giving me opinions on different treatments to choose from .	1	Third person Singular
He felt himself the middle-aged relative , a man of vague repute come from afar to the wedding and drawn helplessly and not unenjoyably into everything .	0	Third person Singular
None of us will be using their services again , which is a shame .	2	First person Plural
He is kind of hate walking with leash , every time I put the leash on , he will try to bite it .	0	Third person Singular
Th-thank you , said Harry , edging along the wall and sinking into his desk chair , next to Hedwig , who was asleep in her large cage .	22	First person Singular
The house they had bought , filled with possessions that had been stored all the years they were in Africa , the garden they had made , spoke for them .	23	Third person Plural
As in the real world , the first step to flirting is to get over your cold feet and jump right in !	11	Third person Singular
I could only groan in frustration and curse my lazy bones .	0	First person Singular
I well remember what intelligent , informed people were saying in the last years of the Weimar Republic , what they told one another in the first days after Hindenburg had brought in Hitler .	0	First person Singular
The door is easy to use and it keeps the cold out during the winter .	2	Third person Singular
the first night i brought her home i did the sniffing under the door thing and left it at that .	3	First person Singular
An hour later , they headed for Flourish and Blotts .	4	Third person Plural
He said it was the same tire , and verified this , after checking both the actual tire on my car and my service papers from earlier in the week .	3	Third person Singular
Harry stared from his purple-faced uncle to his pale aunt , who was trying to heave Dudley to his feet .	7	Third person Singular
I really want to go to andiamo s for my birthday and i was just wondering how much it would cost for the four of us to eat there	25	First person Plural
Considering that it is only today that we are dealing with a Commission proposal first made on 19 March 1998 , even though Parliament responded relatively quickly , this time lag is a little too long .	7	First person Plural
" Or they could use their talents to design , say , real rockets .	2	Third person Plural
For example , I actually forgot to feed my cat , and they went out of their way to take care of him .	22	Third person Singular
Quinn was rewinding the spool for another attempt when Auster and his wife entered the room .	11	Third person Singular
He could become severly dehydrated ( especially if he continues to vomit and have diarrhea ) .	8	Third person Singular
It was nice and close to the Taj .	1	Third person Singular
FITNESS UNLIMITED is a second home to a lot of us gym members who work out daily .	2	Third person Singular
Yes ; I respected his collars , his vast cuffs , his brushed hair .	11	Third person Singular
I tried to do it on the HRonline web - site , but the procedure is too complicated .	4	Third person Singular
In a simpler world , where innovation simply meant lowering the cost of production of , say , an automobile , it was easy to assess an innovation 's value .	21	Third person Singular
I 'm hoping the bakers continue to do their baking out of another place , because it would be a shame not to have these cakes any longer .	0	First person Singular
A large group of my friends and I rent almost the whole motel every year for a weekend , and the experience and stay have always been five - star .	7	First person Singular
It took over 1.5 hours for our food to come out and by that time my 8 month old had it !	6	First person Plural
At the time , guardsmen were required to accumulate a minimum of 50 points to meet their yearly obligation .	16	Third person Plural
I can not describe how delicious the mango and cheese pastries and the omelets are to die for .	0	First person Singular
Founded in 1925 as games for everyman , the open air theater on the great steps in front of St. Michael still attracts a diverse public .	22	Third person Singular
I had buried my husband in a lead box sunk into the mud of the bottom of the river , where all the riverboatmen lie .	0	First person Singular
I think it is wonderfully responsible that you are going into this rescue eyes open and are getting the opinions of qualified professionals ( and a bunch of Yahoos ) before you decide to take this horse on .	0	First person Singular
Maybe she meant if she made herself .	4	Third person Singular
It 's a little hard to parse , but at this point his ostensible view is that the Gateses are very good money - redistributors , and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible .	12	Third person Singular
She was 84 years old .	0	Third person Singular
I do n't think it will be hard to keep his weight up so long as he can eat the grain .	4	Third person Singular
As a result , Trump is n't very worried about the Latin American vote at a national level .	5	Third person Singular
This frightened me so that I did n’t dare turn .	2	First person Singular
I got him back the first of the month and he had lost some weight but attributed that to be worked everyday ( I expected him to drop some ) .	2	Third person Singular
He was stand-offish with the other agents , and they on their side said he was the manager 's spy upon them .	14	Third person Singular
" He Would Tear Down Our System Of Checks And Balances , Giving Far Too Much Power To The President . "	1	Third person Singular
He 's been waiting for you since eight o'clock .	0	Third person Singular
I did n't think I 'd be awarded one , but I received the Dux Litterarum award at high school , so my chances were probably better than I thought they were .	22	First person Singular
Claimed he was too busy for two test drives .	2	Third person Singular
As the plant matures , pinch off the top two pairs of leaves once a stalk reaches a reasonable height .	3	Third person Singular
Mike one of owners was awesome , he explained the detailed plan , and executed on time , I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .	18	First person Singular
Neither of them had written to him all summer , even though Ron had said he was going to ask Harry to come and stay .	16	First person Singular
which burger chain do you think is as good as in n out or better in the chicago area besides five guys and smashburger ?	6	Third person Singular
can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep. ireland and put a irish pay , go dongle in it ?	1	First person Singular
<< Upon the sixth of April , Alexander the Great was born .	10	Third person Singular
everywhere one looks , it seems , there are deep-seated problems .	4	Third person Singular
Do n't think I do n't know I 've got some bad times coming to me , he said , as if taking up , in private , current talk about himself .	15	First person Singular
The paint becomes exhausted , the city encroaches with its soot , the plaster crumbles within .	7	Third person Singular
Founded in 1871 , it has become the region 's primary political , cultural , economic , and transportation center .	4	Third person Singular
Instead of writing " Silver Service - Fragile " you should write something that makes it sound less theft inviting while showing the fragile nature of the contents .	14	Third person Singular
Hot Iron has become a favorite of our family .	7	First person Plural
Oxalic acid is two carbon dioxide molecules joined together .	2	Third person Singular
Someone else I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty .	6	Third person Plural
Is that ok with you ?	0	Third person Singular
But my wife and I first went there thinking it would be Brazilian food ( think lots of meat ) , but it turned out to be a vegan restaurant !	9	Third person Singular
If you paste this in your browser , it will take you directly to our GW website .	8	Third person Singular
that was a strange way to flirt .. but i guss it was his way ...	1	Third person Singular
best is using an online travel agent	1	Third person Singular
Mrs Clinton has a reputation for a hawkish outlook , but this will be tempered by war - weary public opinion in the US .	2	Third person Singular
I 'm 61 years old and have dental problems my entire life .	0	First person Singular
So , as I was leaving I asked for the designer / dress name or style number associated with my top picks .	4	First person Singular
But I would like to say that safety is a priority objective for the Commission .	1	First person Singular
Before the phones went , I was told [ my family in Biloxi ] had lost their roof , barn , 2 oak trees and many pines and they were letting in water	16	Third person Plural
i am going out tonight to get wasted if anyone is interested .	0	First person Singular
I 'm not planning to get involved since this is your deal .	9	Third person Singular
Everyone has the right to life , liberty and the security of person .	1	Third person Singular
He knows his own mind but he 's not an intransigent fellow at all ...	7	Third person Singular
Fine lot these government chaps – are they not ? he went on , speaking English with great precision and considerable bitterness .	10	Third person Singular
One variation is Quarter Snitch Quidditch .	2	Third person Singular
My father took off his coat and draped it over the edge of the pew and when I came back from communion I stole his glove .	8	Third person Singular
I just do nt know how to do it with a grown dog .	0	First person Singular
Overall , it is not a good solution , but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it .	26	Third person Singular
[ The Spitfire Tournament in Canada ] was a really good tournament actually .	7	Third person Singular
I believe we are to some extent already protected with " Enron " proceeded with anything , but EnronOnline ( TM ) , etc. just affords us more protection .	2	First person Plural
I <3 Max 's	0	First person Singular
They sometimes do nt get along ( you know how some girls are lol hahahaahh but for real though , two girls tend to fight a lot .	0	Third person Plural
I love to play with that and I am always looking for muses that fit that bill because it is so interesting making a collection when I find one .	26	First person Singular
As Brian Jenkins once said , " terrorism is theater . "	8	Third person Singular
I worked with Andrew for 2 months and did acupuncture and herbs .	0	First person Singular
He 's getting used to his new home , but has n't eatin yet .	5	Third person Singular
I have two cats , and at first they hissed at each other because cats are very territorial , but now they do fight and play .	0	First person Singular
His father Mohamed El-Hassan Mohamed said he was taking his entire family to the U.N. headquarters in New York , because international dignitaries wanted to meet with his son and express their support .	27	Third person Singular
A faint pinkish glow was visible along the horizon to the east .	4	First person Singular
Pettigrew was hailed by someone , and Bray and the woman were left facing each other like the dancers ;	1	First person Singular
I saw this place and it looked like the HOLY GRAIL .	5	Third person Singular
I work with him and since past 6 years he is hosting his websites to Liquidweb .	9	Third person Singular
The freaky thing here is that these bozos are seriously claiming the moral high ground ? ? ? ? ?	4	Third person Singular
We were standing in the store for 20 minutes to simply pick up an order .	0	First person Plural
In a very few hours I arrived in a city that always makes me think of a whited sepulcher .	12	Third person Singular
To what do I owe this small pleasure ?	3	First person Singular
I have gone there time and time again whenever I need to get my hair done or when I want a haircut .	0	First person Singular
Get feedback from researchers on possible subjects , based on the knowledge and skills they feel librarians need ;	14	Third person Plural
Harry waited for a minute in case he came back , then , quietly as he could , slipped out of the cabinet , past the glass cases , and out of the shop door .	7	Third person Singular
He just rescheduled to Wednesday .	0	Third person Singular
He stands alone in front of the audience and , ultimately , he has to bring out the best of himself in order to make the audience laugh .	13	Third person Singular
The book undergoes a massive temporal rift ;	2	Third person Singular
And it has , because it is spring and inside the ground something is stirring .	2	Third person Singular
Most troubling , however , is the fact that the political will to end the crisis expressed a few short weeks ago seems to have ebbed .	5	Third person Singular
The last time I did that I was suggested to buy oblivion when I told them I was looking for a fps .	7	Third person Singular
Cullen and Dykman ( attorneys for Boston Gas Company ) approved all of our changes on the agreement to release the Tenn and Iroq space back to Boston Gas .	13	First person Plural
He would arrive early , never later than seven o'clock and sit there with a take-out coffee , a buttered roll , and an open newspaper on his lap , watching the glass door of the hotel .	0	Third person Singular
Everyone is relaxed and having fun !!!	1	Third person Singular
His number is 860-665-2368 and e-mail address is leporjj@selectenergy.com .	2	Third person Singular
I personally trust this Midas store with all my vehicles , I have been going there for years & would never go anywhere else !	11	First person Singular
Thus , the time it takes and the ways of visually exploring an artwork can inform about its relevance , interestingness , and even its aesthetic appeal .	17	Third person Singular
At beaches which are primarily Thai visitors however , this is not advised .	10	Third person Singular
Visualisations can be as useful tools , but meditation is more than that .	9	Third person Singular
I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted ( a reball ) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price .	16	First person Singular
Such intelligent discussion has n't always been wrong .	3	Third person Singular
And then the horror of it all hit me and I said , “ Sonia , up ! ”	5	Third person Singular
Cindy said Jaime has grown up very much .	3	Third person Singular
It was not until he had his hand on the doorknob that he began to suspect what he was doing .	12	Third person Singular
It was amazing .	1	Third person Singular
In March 2003 , Mohammed reportedly said that Moussaoui was not going to be part of 9/11 but was to be part of a " second wave . "	9	Third person Singular
He did n't mention anything about it .	0	Third person Singular
" But you have n't talked about her to me . "	7	Third person Singular
I was not impressed , and quite frustrated at their lack of rating for their courses .	9	Third person Plural
I started with 21 email addresses .	0	First person Singular
Do yourself a favor and give them a call .	6	Third person Plural
The dress is contemporary .	2	Third person Singular
I understand that we are still reviewing the attachment that lists the open transactions .	3	First person Plural
He had nothing , he knew nothing , he knew that he knew nothing .	11	Third person Singular
In fact , he orchestrated the whole thing himself .	8	Third person Singular
I 'm afraid you 've got the wrong Paul Auster .	0	First person Singular
Although there are no human vocals / lyrics , I think it's subject matter is audible .	9	First person Singular
For example , I am concerned when I buy the monthly bus passes and I have to fill in my SS number .	14	First person Singular
This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by means of two or more elements , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .	2	Third person Singular
It is complicated because it deals with all nine separately and it is necessary to submit amendments in nine sets .	1	Third person Singular
It was a very practical salesman approach to his work .	8	Third person Singular
I saw him , later on , for several days , sitting in a bit of shade looking very sick and trying to recover himself :	24	Third person Singular
He was hare in pursuit of the tortoise , and again and again he had to remind himself to hold back .	17	Third person Singular
Turns out the engine had no oil , and when oil was put it , it would just run out of the filter .	0	Third person Singular
We are looking to expand our Wholesale Clients across the Nation .	5	First person Plural
The white pages allowed me to get in touch with parents of my high school friends so that I could track people down one by one and the restaurant section is basically my cookbook .	18	First person Singular
To get her to talk , although I was tired of lingua and I did n't really want to think about anything .	13	First person Singular
Anyway , I 'm sure my Mom told you guys but Travis and Kathy got to meet him and I think it went well .	17	Third person Singular
Why should I bother my children with all this nonsense ?	4	First person Singular
Sam , please confirm , Global Counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems .	8	Third person Singular
( ps. I 'm assuming you 'll stop off in Wellington , and since it s summer , may I recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos ?	15	Third person Singular
Here 's a story ... as I was waiting at the bus stop ( 7:35 am ) to go to school , a lady approached me and asked if I 'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus .	6	First person Singular
We hope you do !	0	First person Plural
I would certainly not want farmers in countries that do not want to join the euro to be penalised .	0	First person Singular
The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming , and makes me more grateful for the blessings I have .	14	Third person Singular
408 - Number of species that could be extinct by 2050 if the global - warming trend continues .	17	Third person Singular
no pet is really easy to take care of .	2	Third person Singular
It is a fairly standard , fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar .	0	Third person Singular
The bear dwarfed the 6 - foot - 1 Mr. Parenteau , knocking him to the ground , he said .	18	Third person Singular
Meanwhile , Arthur Levitt has agreed to meet with us in September to brainstorm on the ideas we 've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them .	17	First person Plural
The main reason I wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust .	7	Third person Singular
I could not understand any his reasons .	0	First person Singular
Seems as if there is a clear distinction being made between the ' imaginary ' Whore of Babalon and the actually Whore of Babylon , which is this global system .	4	Third person Singular
The profits obtained from prosperous textile mills opened up practically unlimited possibilities for their owners .	13	Third person Plural
My vote was " in favour " .	2	Third person Singular
Here is the link to the latest commercial laptops on the market , I will follow up with the consumer models .	1	Third person Singular
Her work was noticed and she was recognized as a promising new author .	5	Third person Singular
As such , the Game of Thrones storyworld represents a remarkably rich and challenging environment for fans old and new , who must negotiate an increasingly complex network of paratexts and intertexts in order to fully engage with its narratives .	8	Third person Singular
I thought to get a decent pizza the only way was at a fancy restaurant , and I have to get a whole pie .	17	First person Singular
On one occasion , it is implied he is an undercover agent whose target is Homer .	14	Third person Singular
However , I seriously doubt that the introduction of free market principles , which the report so enthusiastically recommends , is the right solution .	18	Third person Singular
But then , to its more severe leftist critics , some of them Jews , Israel is not the " democratic exception " it is said to be .	16	Third person Singular
I found nothing else to do but to offer him one of my good Swede 's ship 's biscuits I had in my pocket .	0	First person Singular
And there we are , Kissinger has entirely wrecked Russia 's Middle East policy and the Pope is about to swap the Vatican for the Kremlin .	17	Third person Singular
As faith leaders , we commit ourselves to public action , visibility , education , and mutual support in the service of the right and freedom to marry .	4	First person Plural
As long as you are a gentleman and treat them with respect they wo n't have any problem talking with you and your nationality will have nothing to do with how they treat you .	12	Third person Plural
We understand that it is important that the two institutions - Parliament and Commission - cooperate and work together and that the current cooperation with the Committee on Regional Policy , and in particular the transport group , is magnificent .	3	Third person Singular
Perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing Zahav was going to be golden as its name suggests ( and as the many golden reviews seem to attest ) , we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience .	31	First person Plural
I do n't remember near which station it is though .	7	Third person Singular
Mohamed was a VIP guest at the Google Science Fair this weekend , and was able to meet finalists at the event held at Google 's headquarters located in Mountain View , California .	14	Third person Singular
It 's just disappointing .	0	Third person Singular
We hauled the horse to Windsor and got him treated there .	0	First person Plural
Even though they still charge you the days you booked but wo n't use , it is worth the get the hell out of this crap hole .	2	Third person Plural
Attached are my resume and an addendum covering academic & consulting experience .	2	First person Singular
The Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles ( not a drop of magical blood in their veins ) and as far as they were concerned , having a wizard in the family was a matter of deepest shame .	32	First person Singular
She asked for the dinner combo and they gave her two dinner plates instead .	9	Third person Singular
for Books that Speak for Themselves ....	5	Third person Plural
If you want a specific product , try doing a online search to see where it is available locally .	15	Third person Singular
“ It ’s okay , Mom , ” I say .	8	First person Singular
We were quiet after that .	0	First person Plural
Now imagine that infinite happiness is surrounding you in every direction .	5	Third person Singular
For the last year SNY has broadcast footage of me with my poems , so quite a few fans known about the " Mets Poet ' .	11	First person Singular
** and i can upload my pictures and videos on the computer ( facebook )	5	First person Singular
But like i said nothing ever came of It .. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up ..	33	Third person Singular
[ The santorum neologism is ] offensive beyond , you know , anything that any public figure or anybody in America should tolerate , and the mainstream media laughs about it . — Rick Santorum	30	Third person Singular
There is a wonderful quote attributed to Einstein — " If we knew what we were doing , it would n't be called " research " , would it ? "	18	Third person Singular
But it looks like Google is n't opening it's mouth about the reason behind the offer as Linux News reports :	5	Third person Singular
It contained 36 texts , including 18 printed for the first time .	0	Third person Singular
Since they knew our preferences , we almost always went along with their menu suggestions and were never sorry we did .	6	First person Plural
He reportedly treated them like sons .	3	Third person Plural
" We had to take action . ''	1	First person Plural
It costs us so much money to for us to travel overseas and to compete internationally .	1	Third person Singular
It s prettty much the same $$$ , please advice !?????!!!!	0	Third person Singular
They are especially rude to women .	0	Third person Plural
It ’s sort of like , " Hmmm ... that ’s hilarious . That ’s really really funny " rather than people falling off their chairs .	1	Third person Singular
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	21	First person Singular
When taking on ballet , it is important to stretch daily for at least 15 - 30 minutes , to give the muscles ample opportunity to warm up , reducing the risk of injury .	6	Third person Singular
He told me to remember to call like 3 times before he left .	0	Third person Singular
Dave has much to offer .	1	Third person Singular
This is ok by me .	1	Third person Singular
Total transportation invoiced for 2001 was $ 180.9 m .	5	Third person Singular
The last one is colourful too but it is about 4 cm long .	7	Third person Singular
He naturally assumes you 'll come out of exile .	2	Third person Singular
He sometimes repeated this process during the publication of a book , causing significant expense for both himself and the publisher .	0	Third person Singular
Recall that it was two Exocets that ripped the USS Stark to shreds in 1987 , killing 37 sailors .	2	Third person Singular
The best analogy I ’ve heard is when Rob Siegel , former editor-in-chief , likened it to wine tasting .	6	Third person Singular
There has therefore been enough time for the Commission to prepare its programme and for us to become familiar with it and explain it to our citizens .	1	Third person Singular
He was quite alone , but where he was , he had no idea .	10	Third person Singular
Do n't think I do n't know I 've got some bad times coming to me , he said , as if taking up , in private , current talk about himself .	7	First person Singular
Its maximum low - altitude speed is Mach 2.2 , some three times faster than the American - made Harpoon .	0	Third person Singular
If your French is good / moderate , then head to Paris without a doubt .	3	Third person Singular
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company ' Moore Noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics .	8	Third person Plural
He is my mechanic going forward !	2	First person Singular
It contained details and issues that had already been raised in previous reports .	0	Third person Singular
He was promoted to chairman in October 2015 , the month after the scandal was unearthed .	14	Third person Singular
I 'm a guy with tricky hair so getting that right is job # 1 .	0	First person Singular
A key question is how they acquired the anthrax strain first isolated by the Texas Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Lab in 1980 .	3	Third person Singular
Leave them in there with food and water and such for about 2 hours .	1	Third person Plural
Saying that I need to give him my address or else I have intimacy issues is not helpful .	7	First person Singular
That is why my Group moves that this item be taken off the agenda .	5	Third person Singular
They each grabbed a copy of Break with a Banshee , and sneaked up the line to where the rest of the Weasleys were standing with Mr and Mrs Granger .	0	Third person Plural
It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms , a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war .	11	Third person Plural
What was Bush doing with his youth ?	5	Third person Singular
The hope was that anyone looking for the Aunt would see the family post and know that help was available .	18	Third person Singular
I think that this is for you since I do n't know any of these people .	0	First person Singular
The man was obviously enjoying himself , but the precise nature of that pleasure eluded Quinn .	2	First person Singular
And not only did he select the authors , it was probably he who translated the Arabic manuscript back into Spanish .	12	Third person Singular
I 'm just speculating now .	0	First person Singular
1 of them is really colorful and is about 6 cm long .	2	Third person Plural
It was not until he had his hand on the doorknob that he began to suspect what he was doing .	6	Third person Singular
I do n't want to appear before God on judgment day and have to explain why I did n't do anything like this in my life .	16	First person Singular
She was dead on -- this restaurant was wonderful --- do not be put off by the one negative review on this page .	7	Third person Singular
Yes , lovely creature , is n't she ?	7	Third person Singular
Supposing he was still alive in another four weeks , what would happen if he did n't turn up at Hogwarts ?	2	First person Singular
What do the new al - Qaeda videotape and audio speeches of Bin Laden and Ayman al - Zawahiri tell us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the organization ?	20	First person Plural
Well maybe a miracle could happen , but let s face it we 're ordinary people and so require practical day to day techniques !	9	First person Plural
Even if you did melt it , I doubt you foresaw the issues of handling it and pouring it .	15	Third person Singular
that deal is making like it wants to close and the traders scheduled a 430 call to wrap it up	6	Third person Singular
By this time , " her skin was weeping , her body malnourished and her corneas melting " , according to the Sydney Morning Herald .	14	Third person Singular
At some point or another , most people realize that the world does n't revolve around them .	12	Third person Singular
It 's more compact , ISO 6400 capability ( SX40 only 3200 ) , faster lens at f/2 and the SX40 only f / 2.7 .	1	Third person Singular
The problem is how to enable the whole world to enter the new future , including the Arabs .	2	Third person Singular
These companies find it harder to recruit skilled graduates when financial firms can pay higher salaries .	3	Third person Singular
We 're set for 11/01/01 .	0	First person Plural
IT S NOT A BIG DEAL BUT I HAD TO TAKE MY SALAD HOME BECAUSE THEY FORGOT TO BRING IT .	0	Third person Singular
Norton initially made a living as a businessman , but he lost his fortune investing in Peruvian rice .	12	Third person Singular
To one side of him was the park , green in the morning sun , with sharp , fleeting shadows ; to the other side was the Frick , white and austere , as if abandoned to the dead .	4	Third person Singular
Provided me with warm blanket and has soft music playing .	6	Third person Singular
This means that in addition to being well-formed , the documents conform to a defined schema .	1	Third person Singular
John Key is too busy looking after his rich mates , while the rest of us pay .	15	First person Plural
Naturally the Commission will do its best to ensure that progress is made .	11	Third person Singular
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they had n’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .	0	Third person Singular
But then again I was nice to them so that could have been why .	3	First person Singular
I am waiting on the confirms and will send them to you shortly by fax or e-mail .	9	Third person Plural
I forgot to tell you that I saw your friend on a re-run Jeopardy the other night and I almost called you but it came on at 11:30 .	18	First person Singular
Lydia Buchtmann for Food Standards Australia New Zealand , says they are looking at mandatory guidelines on iodine by the end of the year .	10	Third person Plural
I am SO GLAD to have found Dr. Liau .	0	First person Singular
I ve tried to tame them and they just would not get tamed .	7	Third person Plural
remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it , and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time .	7	Third person Singular
" I 'm afraid not , " explains Winston , " that is what we would call a GREAT LOSS . "	12	Third person Singular
We do not want to make the conditions of competition worse for some countries unilaterally and improve them for countries such as Austria or other transit countries .	0	First person Plural
And her last name , Nguyen is a typical Vietnamese family name ... anyone ?	1	Third person Singular
You mean , how did we manage to make it all happen so quickly , right ? :)	9	Third person Singular
They wanted no excuse for being there . They were a great comfort to look at .	0	Third person Plural
They may also give themselves undue credit for positive achievements instead of acknowledging the input of others or of circumstances .	0	Third person Plural
" I 'm going to jail either way , hope it was worth it . "	11	Third person Singular
USDA employee Johnelle Bryant first told us , in sensational detail , of Atta 's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster .	6	First person Plural
There 's of course Jason , who is our editor and he 's the one who writes dD .	7	Third person Singular
I 've never met a hamster that did n't bite me .	0	First person Singular
They also have the best tea I ever had , not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores , I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .	0	Third person Plural
I was appalled .	1	Third person Singular
Open the door and let him out and see how he acts .	11	Third person Singular
I have wavy hair and she cut to my hair style .	8	First person Singular
The paint becomes exhausted , the city encroaches with its soot , the plaster crumbles within .	2	Third person Singular
How to convince my parents to let me get a Ball python ?	3	First person Singular
Simplicity gave it that blessed , laudatory lack of clutter , the efficient and effective text - based ads , and the support of anyone with a dial - up connection .	2	Third person Singular
In the light , Margot Wentz 's head was the figurehead of a ship above the hulk of her body :	8	First person Singular
Some times , the airline provides these at the airport , however check first that this is the case .	16	Third person Singular
They may look young but do n't let that fool you , as their knowledge of music far surpassed what we expected .	13	Third person Plural
After they sporulate , they do rot .	4	Third person Plural
The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mother s father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that 's a common misconception ( http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm ) .	10	Third person Singular
He keeps them in place .	0	Third person Singular
She remarked that tomorrow she must pick the dill for drying .	4	Third person Singular
I am a new patient .	1	First person Singular
Nonetheless , if the English law had been accepted , the daughters of Luis X , Felipe V and Carlos IV would have had more of a claim to the throne , above their aunt Isabella of France .	33	Third person Plural
I 've booked Videoconference Room # 1 .	0	First person Singular
I seem to be going out , he said to himself .	10	Third person Singular
If I were , said I , I would n't be talking like this with you .	5	First person Singular
It is a very cruel death with bodies dismembered and horrible severe lifelong injuries to many of the wounded .	0	Third person Singular
They picked my car up in Yarmouth and towed to Bath for a great price .	0	Third person Plural
I believe they have a real study testing the lab work in real world situations now , but it may be some time before those results are released .	2	Third person Plural
We start with the headline and then flesh out the story , as opposed to The New York Times , which writes the issue and then has a headline editor to make it snappy .	21	Third person Singular
Ineos is an English company which has a majority of its operations in the US .	10	Third person Singular
The woman who had dozed beside him all night communicating the intimate rhythm of her breathing but never exchanging a word , suddenly began to talk like a bird who has the cover taken off its cage .	30	Third person Singular
No need to thank me , just send me gifts .	8	First person Singular
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to own property alone as well as in association with others .	3	Third person Singular
Please let me know your approval before we make any changes .	2	First person Singular
He found himself sitting on a sofa , alone in the living room .	0	Third person Singular
I 'm not driving tonite , but I bet that we could hitch a ride back with Anil .	7	First person Singular
That has NEVER happened before so I was kinda realizing at that point that he was a little interested .	15	Third person Singular
I saw her sometimes : in a bright pink dress , a sparkling drink in her hand , on the arm of some foreign officer with brocade on his shoulders , at the edge of a marble patio .	28	Third person Singular
Doves are a species of pigeon , they are Seed eaters , they do not eat bread , or worms .	12	Third person Plural
He must have been looking too hard , for a moment later she turned to him with an irritated expression on her face and said , You got a problem , mister ?	12	Third person Singular
When you see flower buds , pinch them and two pairs of leaves under them off .	14	Third person Plural
Until we have come up with those numbers it would be premature to make any offers for the summer .	8	Third person Singular
But there is nothing in the brilliant air and the massive white clouds hanging over the crumpled mountains that suggests exhaustion .	2	Third person Singular
“ We are actively thinking of possible ways to limit the scope of litigation to only those with a real standing in a project , ” he was quoted as saying .	1	First person Plural
After exposing the ants to the fungus , we took pictures of each foraging arena three times per day , and counted how many ants were present on each food-source .	8	First person Plural
Yawning and grumbling , the Weasleys slouched outside with Harry behind them .	11	Third person Plural
They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they " do as they wilt " .	9	Third person Plural
However , when he printed out the service quote , I could see that it was NOT the correct tire , and was not even an appropriate tire for my car model .	10	First person Singular
Harry dashed around his room , collecting his things together and passing them out of the window to Ron .	3	Third person Singular
USI 's art gallery , like 189 other educational galleries and museums around the country , is a recipient of a major Warhol donor program , and this program is cultivating new interest in Warhol 's photographic legacy .	29	Third person Singular
IT IS NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE , MORE OF THE CUISINE BRETT ENJOYS IN MISSISSIPPI .	14	Third person Singular
We know that he had once been married , had once been a father , and that both his wife and son were now dead .	3	Third person Singular
I just have a few issues supporting my back and my left leg flops .	7	First person Singular
I would suggest going for tribal Sheikhs rather than clerics , since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any Ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority .	28	Third person Plural
He clearly enjoyed , as governor , watching executions .	0	Third person Singular
The problem is whether one cares what happens to the polar bears , checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables .	2	Third person Singular
The very structure of the text of the COM in wine shows us that wine is an agricultural product rather than an industrial product .	12	First person Plural
I am not sure from the article as written that the global nature of this effort comes across .	1	First person Singular
Did she make it ?	1	Third person Singular
The social status of women is far below what it was in the Western World 150 years ago .	9	Third person Singular
In Iraqi society , PM Allawi is responsible for protecting his clan , including especially his first cousins , so this kidnapping makes him look weak and brings substantial shame on him .	31	Third person Singular
“ So I hate to put a little pressure on you , but the fate of the republic rests on your shoulders , ” he told the crowd gathered on a sports field at the University of North Carolina .	18	Third person Singular
The cousins could not be found because no one was sure of their married names .	9	Third person Singular
The media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as " liberals . "	28	Third person Plural
Now that 's a post I can relate to .	5	First person Singular
So , the prospect of fungi existing on other planets elsewhere , I think , is a forgone conclusion ;	15	Third person Singular
A full internal balance sheet review will be completed within the Q1 audit timetable which incorporates	15	Third person Singular
I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment opportunities that I do n't have access to now .	14	First person Singular
Hang on – this has n't got anything to do with Vol – sorry – with You Know Who , has it ?	20	Third person Singular
We felt that the menu had a little more variety on the Mariner of the Seas .	0	First person Plural
I have no idea if that is related or farmers are doing a better job of clearing out opossums now because they know opossums are carriers , but we have n't had an EPM horse in at least 10 years .	0	First person Singular
I really appreciate BJ s for making that special day even better with their wonderful food and service .	13	Third person Plural
I am thinking 4 slides at the most .	1	First person Singular
I m glad his butt was facing me so he could n't see my red face I think my Mare was even laughing ..	9	Third person Singular
I should like to make just a few comments .	0	First person Singular
She had her cards memorized as well as everyone else s ( when you play you 'll see why you can know everyone else s hands ! ) .	0	Third person Singular
In addition , we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer .	23	Third person Plural
( The position does not exist ) .	3	Third person Singular
If we are to get a common transport market genuinely up and running , it is important that we should not only have regulations but that these regulations should also , as far as possible , apply to every country .	1	First person Plural
It was pretty epic as I remember and would love to send my friend there .	12	First person Singular
If their condemnation seems to be reasonable , they probably are n't hubristic .	1	Third person Plural
If part of the public supports it , others tolerate it , many are afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood , organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism .	6	Third person Singular
Everyone was so helpful that I can not wait to go back .....	5	First person Singular
I especially like the Chicken Curry pie .	0	First person Singular
She trusts me , she ’s more my dog than anyone ’s , and she did n’t like it but for me she lay there .	21	First person Singular
She was eventually sent to Rehabilitation Project Force in Sydney , which the Church describes as a religious retreat , but critics charge is a forced work camp .	14	Third person Singular
The landlord is not nice nor helpful	2	Third person Singular
The service was ok , our waitress kept forgetting our drinks even though we reminded her several times .	15	Third person Singular
I am going to give it one last chance in next few months and see ??	5	Third person Singular
How they murdered him I do not know , save that it was Murillo 's hand who struck him down , for Lopez had remained to guard me .	12	Third person Singular
It is Enpower No. 295870 .	0	Third person Singular
54 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 30 September , 2003 .	13	Third person Singular
Nevertheless , most European countries still trade with Iran , try to appease it and refuse to read the clear signals .	13	Third person Singular
Mr President , I would once again like to congratulate Mr Koch on his magnificent work on this other report , which in a way supplements the debate which we held in October on rail transport .	3	First person Singular
why does my baby king snake refuse to eat ?	1	Third person Singular
This BuzzMachine post argues that Google 's rush toward ubiquity might backfire -- which we 've all heard before , but it 's particularly well - put in this post .	22	Third person Singular
I 've never had a dwarf hamster but I 've had the same problem with my pet rat I put some chicken wiring around it the I got from home depot and now it ca n't out .	0	First person Singular
If it 's inherently negative , then they 're either over-zealous , ignorant of other people or what to avoid those that contradict their fantasy land that caters to them and them only .	1	Third person Singular
He tried to tell me it was when I told asked him if he knew what fps stood for and he had no clue .	5	Third person Singular
There were four of us and I was taken first by a gentleman .	7	First person Singular
you have brought someone else into his territory , and he needs to be reminded that you still love him , and support his claim to his space .	26	Third person Singular
The debate that a handful of Texas multi-millionnaires close to the Bush family have cleverly manufactured over John Kerry 's war record is absurd in every way .	22	Third person Singular
mm it depends on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him in .. atleast as far as i 'm concerned .	22	First person Singular
I 'm not sure about the origin of the name but they are a lot of different cities with different and unique names like Miramar so it 's just a name .	27	Third person Singular
If space is minimal , or you are keeping him in there to be kept away from other pets , then I can understand why you would choose to keep him there .	30	Third person Singular
I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT GOING ON WITH YOU AND THE LITTLE WOMAN .	0	First person Singular
But best is obviously photoshop CS5 or if you r on a macbook there s aperture :)	14	Third person Singular
She guided me through a very difficult period dealing with a family member 's suicide , coupled with elder abuse .	0	Third person Singular
My pup has a wonderful temperment and has been a wonderful addition to my family !	7	Third person Singular
" I must try to save you . "	1	First person Singular
Harry enjoyed the breakneck journey down to the Weasleys vault , but felt dreadful , far worse than he had in Knockturn Alley , when it was opened .	26	First person Singular
The birth registration was done right in hospital .	3	Third person Singular
" But it may be that BA and IAG have cracked it and can offer something vaguely reliable . "	11	Third person Singular
I will initiate the call .	0	First person Singular
A different layout lets you calculate and compare summarized values for different elements in your data , or display summaries for a subset of the data .	3	Third person Singular
He needs more info about these trades ( i.e. , price info ) and would like to talk with you about it .	1	Third person Singular
I had a couple of hickies on my neck the day after and the guys all wanted to know if those were shuttle burns .	0	First person Singular
It ’s fair to say that Rocco Catalano works , lives and breathes retro .	1	Third person Singular
In its scope it belongs to the most far - reaching cultures of the time , in which many sites are known .	3	Third person Singular
If he always does this , welcome to the club .	1	Third person Singular
Or , you can put the animal in a snap trap designed for rats or mice since that is the only really humane kill method for invasive animals .	18	Third person Singular
I think it ’s similar to what Colbert said to Terry Gross .	0	First person Singular
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	0	First person Singular
When there are a lot of people , say , " You 're probably wondering why I 've gathered you here today . "	16	First person Singular
to aim at full intelligibility of the reader so he / she may understand the full implications of the message ;	9	Third person Singular
WT Cal has been added .	2	Third person Singular
" I have a duty toward you , " he tells me .	1	First person Singular
South Korea holds about $ 200 billion .	2	Third person Singular
Neiafu offers all the usual amenities including banks , schools , tour companies , restaurants , cafes and bars , supermarkets , a market and a hospital .	1	Third person Singular
He felt like taking Auster in his arms and declaring his friendship for life .	0	Third person Singular
There are 50 of them , 48 located from Maine to Florida and California to Washington State and all in between .	4	Third person Plural
Probably it is .	1	Third person Singular
A moment later he heard the child running towards him down the hall . The child shot into the living room , caught sight of Quinn , and stopped dead in his tracks .	31	Third person Singular
house of pies here i come .	4	First person Singular
After all , the internet is not a luxury ; it is an essential tool .	11	Third person Singular
Be warned - they 'll ltake you for everything they can .	3	Third person Plural
I prefer darker colors because I can see their eggs , more easily and the fish look better next to them .	20	Third person Plural
When darkness came , Stillman would eat dinner at the Apollo Coffee Shop on 97th Street and Broadway and then return to his hotel for the night .	22	Third person Singular
I ve paid 500 for a double room there and it was fine and clean .	0	First person Singular
I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft .	0	First person Singular
The picture I described here is not pretty .	2	First person Singular
He did not even give me the chance to say i would stay on the ventilator longer , which i would have .	10	First person Singular
She leered at him , showing mossy teeth .	3	Third person Singular
So , therefore , now he says i am inoperable ( even though i am not 100 % inoperable ) , and he is letting me die .	5	Third person Singular
There is no lower rating for Noonan 's Liquor , owners and employees .	1	Third person Singular
As much fun as they are , I figured we would probably do some different things than what you have planned for them .	9	First person Plural
him to get to know his new home .	5	Third person Singular
I have a 3 week old baby budgie and I noticed that his / her mother does not stay with him in the nest at night .	14	Third person Singular
A changing bag folds neatly and does not take much space in your bag .	6	Third person Singular
There has been talk that the night curfew might be implemented again .	1	Third person Singular
However , the breakdown between him and Linares and the discontinuation of the progressive line provoked the Revolution of Vindication which overthrew him in 1879 .	5	Third person Singular
As far as the EEI goes , the only remaining issue that I 'm aware of ( aside from finalizing the LOC ) is whether we 've finished coordinating the Attachment containing the list of prior transactions .	5	Third person Singular
Before he had a chance to absorb the woman 's presence , to describe her to himself and form his impressions , she was talking to him , forcing him to respond .	16	Third person Singular
Please advise as to who his replacement is and their report date .	5	Third person Singular
While Tanya is reviewing credit , can you please send a " blank form Paragraph 13 " for this master .	2	Third person Singular
We welcome discussion about our efforts and the possibilities of applying this in other contexts .	0	First person Plural
When I first get on I take 1 leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with my heel and hold it there for 1 lap at a walk around a large dressage arena .	16	First person Singular
Sara is working on that with Susan Bailey , another paralegal in our Group .	12	First person Plural
While I left a you a phone message with some information about our project , I thought I could give you some additional details by e-mail as well ...	12	First person Plural
What I have been hearing about the representative in Nicaragua is indicative that the project had not been properly closed down .	1	First person Singular
The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .	8	Third person Plural
' He sealed the utterance with that smile of his , as though it had been a door opening into a darkness he had in his keeping .	9	Third person Singular
Her mind was on the broader pictures —	0	Third person Singular
Again there is no official written statement from Sistani 's office confirming this allegation , which I think is intentional .	18	Third person Singular
Nevertheless , poet and critic John Dryden rated Shakespeare highly , saying of Jonson , " I admire him , but I love Shakespeare " .	18	Third person Singular
There is nothing wrong with a REAL negotiation , but nothing particularly helpful about generating one that s just for show .	17	Third person Singular
Rather , says one of the prelates , he would stay in Rome and become Party secretary .	2	Third person Singular
Stillman never seemed to be going anywhere in particular , nor did he seem to know where he was .	18	First person Singular
I hope the above is clear .	0	First person Singular
it was assumed that he would pick up family and other relationships merely by being exposed to them .	4	Third person Singular
I do n't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed , understand and have implemented these standards .	12	First person Plural
IT IS NOT A HIGH END STEAK HOUSE , MORE OF THE CUISINE BRETT ENJOYS IN MISSISSIPPI .	1	Third person Singular
We welcome discussion about our efforts and the possibilities of applying this in other contexts .	4	First person Plural
He said , All very festive , but it was distraction ; he had the feeling of listening inwardly , watching for something else .	12	Third person Singular
Our son Stephen is looking after it tonight .	3	Third person Singular
He was commissioned as a captain in the Corps of Engineers on April 3 , 1779 to rank from February 18 , 1778 .	0	Third person Singular
Can you find out who I need to send it to in HR ?	5	First person Singular
And whoever dwells in the past , does n’t understand the future because the past is full of prejudices , of commitments .	7	Third person Singular
I ’d said my prayers , talking a long time as usual with my Maker and thinking about some of the great mysteries the Father of Lights had revealed to me .	13	First person Singular
Why has no air quality test been done on this particular building since we were elected ?	13	First person Plural
( 1 ) Everyone has duties to the community in which alone the free and full development of his personality is possible .	4	Third person Singular
Last time I got a medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled her easily .	15	Third person Singular
As Heald told The Huffington Post , US surface ozone has dropped partly due to the Clean Air Act .	10	Third person Singular
I 'd probably be more inclined to board my two dogs here , seeing that they do n't just take every dog coming in .	0	First person Singular
Hambali reportedly is cooperating to some degree .	2	Third person Singular
For the first couple of weeks back , Harry had enjoyed muttering nonsense words under his breath and watching Dudley tearing out of the room as fast as his fat legs would carry him .	28	Third person Singular
I have spoken with Mark Lay and he is interested .	8	Third person Singular
I enjoyed your recent e-mail but was sorry to hear about your dad .	6	Third person Singular
I would n't have mentioned the fellow to you at all , only it was from his lips that I first heard the name of the man who is so indissolubly connected with the memories of that time .	14	First person Singular
My family and I thank you !!!!!!!!!!	3	First person Singular
Still I passed through several abandoned villages .	1	First person Singular
He called the next day to see if everything was to my satisfaction .	11	First person Singular
They were just flung out there , and on we went .	9	First person Plural
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	19	Third person Singular
Recall how a few years ago , just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers , the financial sector prided itself on its innovativeness .	19	Third person Singular
I hope you have a huge network .	0	First person Singular
One of the most famous plants is the dragon 's blood tree “ dracaena cinnabara ” which exists only on Socotra and nowhere else on the Earth .	17	Third person Singular
It 's been around forever .	0	Third person Singular
Are whole offices ( eg Tokyo ) unreachable or is it only those who have home offices ?	9	Third person Singular
can ever & never forget the training undergone here which made my life step onto the successful job without any hurdles .	11	First person Singular
The act of moving from one place to another seemed to require all his attention , as though not to think of what he was doing would reduce him to immobility .	23	Third person Singular
Aafia was on her way with her children to visit and uncle and a friend in Islamabad .	6	Third person Singular
Her voice was listless in the dark and she was even harder to understand when I could n't see her properly .	9	Third person Singular
we purchased a new home but was unable to sell our old house so we contacted this property management company and they have helped us quickly rent out our house and keep it maintained .	14	First person Plural
We have and will have children of our own , grandchildren too .	0	First person Plural
By the time you get to be a writer for The Onion , though , the odds are you are going to succeed because we make it pretty challenging .	24	First person Plural
" Pop art was about what popular American culture really thought was important " , Kathryn Waters said .	3	Third person Singular
But they , too , failed .	1	Third person Plural
It has invested $ 3 billion in the African country 's oil industry , which supplies it with seven per cent of its needs .	0	Third person Singular
Anyone who looks like a druggy or dodgy .	2	Third person Singular
An imaginative reading , I guess you could say .	4	First person Singular
He felt as though Auster were taunting him with the things he had lost , and he responded with envy and rage , a lacerating self-pity .	16	Third person Singular
The man was obviously enjoying himself , but the precise nature of that pleasure eluded Quinn .	5	Third person Singular
We look to it to challenge the UK Government , to ensure that the private sector , which surely must be providing the major impetus for Structural Funds expenditure , is involved in the planning stage .	3	Third person Singular
i can think of a few things	0	First person Singular
give them time to set up their territories , and once you bring the new kitten out , pay a lot of attention to the male .	6	Third person Plural
If I had been in your place , I probably would have done the same thing .	8	First person Singular
i have two options	0	First person Singular
In our Constitutional system , we have three branches of the Federal Government : the Legislative , Executive , and Judicial branches .	5	First person Plural
It is also a fact that almost everybody in the region blames this situation on the United States , on Israel , on Western Civilization , on Judaism and Christianity , on anyone and anything , except themselves .	37	Third person Plural
In this time visitors will come to the house , pay their respects to the desisted and their family and have a couple of cups of tea with a sandwich or a bun .	17	Third person Plural
Bray saw Margot Wentz put up her head with a quick grimace-smile , as if someone had told an old joke she could n't raise a laugh for .	6	Third person Singular
I have n't personally but I know a couple of people who have .	5	First person Singular
Of course not . But I mean the book inside the book Cervantes wrote , the one he imagined he was writing .	19	Third person Singular
Yo mama `s so fat , she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth .	7	Third person Singular
My friend called the hotel to cancel our room as soon as I called her .	7	First person Plural
" 4 . May I qualify under the Skilled Worker category even if I score less than 67 points ? "	13	First person Singular
They believed that genuine democracy was now on its way .	8	Third person Singular
I noticed there was a hole in the bottom of his pail .	3	First person Singular
She highly recommended him and described him as the " Saintly Instructor and Simply the Best Instructor there is .... very calm , pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions " .	6	Third person Singular
Ahmed Mohamed , a 14-year-old boy from Irving , Texas , was arrested at his school by police after he brought a digital clock he had made to school .	14	Third person Singular
Against all his expectations , it was a book he himself had written – Suicide Squeeze by William Wilson , the first of the Max Work novels .	2	Third person Singular
It was three years between recovery of specimens and final publication , why did it take so long ?	14	Third person Singular
The probe began in June , focusing on Mr Winterkorn and brand chief Herbert Diess , who remains at the car maker .	17	Third person Singular
Well maybe a miracle could happen , but let s face it we 're ordinary people and so require practical day to day techniques !	12	First person Plural
Yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son Ahmed Abdul Qadoos , who receives a stipend from the UN for being officially low - IQ due to lead poisoning .	19	Third person Singular
Some people are willing to take your horse , but they really have old trailers that are not the safest in the world .	10	Third person Plural
The total number of casualties from hundreds of suicide murders within Israel in the last three years is much smaller than those due to car accidents .	17	Third person Singular
It will give us some weekend reading !	0	Third person Singular
The man seemed young – almost a boy – but you know with them it 's hard to tell .	13	Third person Plural
I would highly recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a quality tattoo done .	0	First person Singular
I 'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY .	16	First person Singular
His art perfectly combines painting and Chinese calligraphy .	3	Third person Singular
It 's just like cooking kidney , just boil the piss out of it	0	Third person Singular
HBS will shadow Enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period .	27	First person Plural
if you had any pics of your hens i would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks ?	8	First person Singular
The people abandoned their farms and religious sites and the ground they stood on became moorland .	11	Third person Plural
Since Debbie is a client too , I think I 'll just mail them to your home unless you prefer otherwise .	7	First person Singular
So I really felt like this place was extremely outdated especially since the pictures make it look nice and modern .	7	Third person Singular
I had the Chicken Parmesan Dinner and my wife had the Shrimp Scampi Dinner .	7	First person Singular
However , he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron 's interests .	2	Third person Singular
I am hiring them to come once a week now that they got my house to where they can maintain it for only an hour and a half every two weeks !	17	Third person Plural
He 's a good kitty , just when he plays he bites REALLY hard .	1	Third person Singular
I also struggle with passwords .	0	First person Singular
The second or third pad will bear some flowers , but wait before harvesting them or you might affect the size of future harvests .	14	Third person Plural
They stopped somewhere to give a man a lift ; he was caught in the lights , hat in hand ; only his clean white shirt had shown on the dark road .	11	First person Singular
Text the other person a brief message asking them about their day , asking them a specific question about work or school , or simply saying " Hi ! " .	14	Third person Plural
I asked her who she worked with and she just told me ti was the sales manager .	2	Third person Singular
I 'm pleased that someone referred me to them for my commercial business .	10	First person Singular
He tried to tell me it was when I told asked him if he knew what fps stood for and he had no clue .	6	Third person Singular
In my dream I told her , “ Stay , Sonia . Stay . ”	3	First person Singular
( 2 ) No one may be compelled to belong to an association .	4	Third person Singular
For those who care , a good proportion of the my class went on to 4 - year colleges , many of them ranked in the top 50 of US News .	22	Third person Plural
It aims to take the journey time into account after deducting this from the working hours actually completed , without being able to measure the real journey time .	1	Third person Singular
Another 18 th - century story has Shakespeare starting his theatrical career minding the horses of theatre patrons in London .	6	Third person Singular
As recently as last week the official line stated they had no knowledge he had entered the country .	13	Third person Singular
He was referred to me by a friend , who did n't have the best experience with Ted , but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end .	1	Third person Singular
If Iran and Syria - with their significant armaments , missile technologies and suspected chemical weapons capabilities - decide to engage with the relatively undersized US force in Iraq , our troops there will be fish in a barrel .	6	Third person Plural
" In the cities where we 've launched or are under construction , our work will continue , " Barratt said .	5	First person Plural
Do you know what it 's like to be chased by the Ghost of Failure while staring through Victory 's door ?	4	Third person Singular
He had told me that he found indescribable delight in reading dictionaries for lack of other books .	3	First person Singular
It was no problem to get PROVIDED the birth was registered in the first place .	1	Third person Singular
Yes ; I respected his collars , his vast cuffs , his brushed hair .	7	Third person Singular
It 's also got the website where the song has been uploaded .	9	Third person Singular
They chased the Communists out of the capital ( Hanoi ) and retook control .	0	Third person Plural
She 's the best !	0	Third person Singular
To prove that he was not a self-obsessed ingrate , he began to question Auster about his writing .	4	First person Singular
But I am also happy to not go , as long as someone collects more animals on my behalf !	2	First person Singular
I believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI ( based in London ) .	8	Third person Singular
I would like to get this done ASAP .	0	First person Singular
Their Thali was not brought out as described ( no saag ) .	0	Third person Plural
The whole industry is in crisis .	3	Third person Singular
In 1891 she met her future advisor who would help , she assumed , this poet-turned-fiction-writer and connect her with editors : Tosui Nakarai .	2	Third person Singular
Everyone was killed .	1	First person Singular
The owner was VERY rude , accused me of not reading my contract , and basically told me to shut up when I was trying to ask questions to further understand the process of canceling my membership .	11	First person Singular
When the Hasid returns to his seat after prayers , I tell him that my wife , a woman of learning , will be lecturing at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem .	10	First person Singular
The first pre-historic settlements was constructed in 3000 BC around the hill of Acropolis .	4	Third person Singular
We have seen the gap between rich and poor widen .	0	First person Plural
The history of values is okay because wisdom is ageless ; it does n’t grow old , like material .	11	Third person Singular
When the plants become a few inches tall and their leaves mature , it 's time to transplant them to a larger container .	13	Third person Singular
The city regained its importance in Greek civilization , and by 1900 had evolved into a very attractive cosmopolitan city , with abundant neoclassical architecture harking to the nation 's past .	3	Third person Singular
We had the ants in an observation nest , and I could just look at them for hours , watching them go about .	20	Third person Plural
After looking at the menu and seeing the new menu items they had , we knew we were in for a treat !	11	Third person Plural
I ordered a kid meal with a milk and found a bottle was half opened already .	12	Third person Singular
The second challenge is that of enlargement which will , of course , have a considerable impact , both in budgetary and geographical terms .	3	Third person Singular
This consolidation is obviously a result of Bush 's aggressive invasion of Iraq and of the botching of the aftermath .	2	Third person Singular
They make up excuses in hopes to confuse their policy holders with misinformation .	8	Third person Plural
i could n't be more happier with the way my garage looks .	9	First person Singular
When I said yes to Mweta I knew it and every time I walk past the title on my office door I know it .	21	First person Singular
Psychology major at University of Texas Arlington Amneh Jafari heard of the incident and wanted to issue her support to Mohamed .	17	Third person Singular
After these successes , he signed a contract with Team Telekom and moved in with his girlfriend in Merdingen in Südbaden , where he lived until 2002 .	15	Third person Singular
Professor Eastman says manufacturers could easily remedy the situation by using iodised salt in their products in line with the United States and most European countries .	14	Third person Plural
The Blindleia is a skerry - protected waterway that starts near Kristiansand in southern Norway , and continues past Lillesand .	9	Third person Singular
He was used to walking briskly , and all this starting and stopping and shuffling began to be a strain , as though the rhythm of his body was being disrupted .	1	First person Singular
until you brush it away . )	3	Third person Singular
Who he was , where he came from , and what he did are of no great importance .	11	Third person Singular
I took my 3 year old son here at the weekend and to be honest , apart from the shark walkway , I thought it was rubbish and overpriced .	2	First person Singular
We too , are open to suggestion as the Global and Enron relationships are very important and a high priority to us .	0	First person Plural
I never got a price quote over the phone and they take your cc info just to make the appointment because if you do n't show up , they 'll charge you .	0	First person Singular
“ I had it done when I was little and see , you ca n’t even tell . ”	6	First person Singular
i got her number though .	0	First person Singular
We were expecting a great experience , when we recieved a friendly greeting by the hosts .	0	First person Plural
They are either raised coral limestone or coral atolls .	0	Third person Plural
Beside these two buses , there is no public transport , but car rental with driver is available .	6	Third person Singular
It is easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sings : " I 've got a feeling , a feeling I ca n't hide ... " in front of Yoko in the film .	14	First person Singular
After class we went back to bus stop and within minutes her bus arrived .	11	Third person Singular
It is important to note that there is also a departure tax of CUC 25 , to be paid in cash when departing Cuba by airplane ; this is not required for boat departures .	0	Third person Singular
The letter was never acknowledged .	2	First person Singular
I 'm compeltly dissatisfied with their service and their products .	0	First person Singular
i believe that NASA is a HUGE waste of tax payers ' money , but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies , that i find it best not to think about it .	4	Third person Singular
Women usually have more childcare and household responsibilities than men , which make it difficult for them to devote as much time to farm work , or even to supervise hired labor .	13	Third person Singular
I think she likes her special room in your house .	0	First person Singular
Because of my academic and professional background , I understand the issues and challenges facing Virginia much better than the other candidates , and I am offering real solutions that can be appreciated across the political spectrum .	8	First person Singular
I need to have a form filled out that says I do n't have health insurance coverage through Enron .	10	First person Singular
I 'm pretty sure for the cast that it was the other way around .	0	First person Singular
Your reply is good and deserves something good in return .	2	Third person Singular
And the claim was that it had to do with Iranian missiles , but forget about that .	5	Third person Singular
The Rev. Gerald Robinson appeared stony - faced as the jury 's guilty verdict was read , and he blinked repeatedly and glanced at his lawyers before being led away in handcuffs .	24	Third person Singular
He instantaneously put me at ease and his ongoing treatments have been absolutely pain free .	3	First person Singular
Please let me know what is possible , and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions ( 978-376-9004 ) .	5	Third person Singular
" You do not achieve peace from history , " he says .	11	Third person Singular
International law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones , stands behind them and shoots with immunity and can not be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government .	30	Third person Singular
But while the ( otherwise perishable ) thoughts are still fresh in my mind from the hearings on Monday and Tuesday , I wanted to throw out some observations for discussion in the days / weeks ahead .	22	First person Singular
It can also make him or her question your motives , leading the person to believe that you may be trying to get something out of him or her .	6	Third person Singular
It is best to play it safe with wats and other sacred sites in Thailand ;	1	Third person Singular
We oppose the excessive control the central administration of the Union and its Member States exercises and we are calling for a reduction in the bureaucracy that has taken root in the drafting and implementation of programmes .	0	First person Plural
The kind of laugh they 've picked up from people like Uncle Willie said Neil .	4	Third person Plural
My understanding was that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC 's online profile in order for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC 's peak load periods .	0	First person Singular
I do n't know where the hell he may be .	7	Third person Singular
It 's all that 's keeping me going .	6	First person Singular
I believe ENE will continue to be range bound , but in case it is not , I do n't want to forgo 50 % of my option premium .	26	First person Singular
Thing is , it worked .	1	Third person Singular
I do n't want to appear before God on judgment day and have to explain why I did n't do anything like this in my life .	24	First person Singular
I want to make sure that I understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value would be booked .	0	First person Singular
I think just living in a house with so many girls is making him go crazy ?	13	Third person Singular
My cat had a seizure yesterday and was ill .	0	First person Singular
And when I move it I guess he figures I 'm playing . x.x	4	Third person Singular
Their service is top - notch and I especially love the free French champagne served even in Economy .	2	Third person Singular
It turns out that a lot of dolphins are being sold as meat in the whale meat market around the world .	1	Third person Singular
Mr Weasley took Harry 's glasses , gave them a tap of his wand and returned them , good as new .	8	Third person Plural
I occasionally wonder whether that is why the world is so uncomfortable with them .	0	First person Singular
Significantly , the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago ( now retired ) , upon being contacted , does not even report that he necessarily sent the only copy of the strain to Ft. Detrick .	6	Third person Singular
We have some people who are great at politics ; some people we give all the war stuff to ; someone who is in charge of the Britney Spears story of the week — the entertainment stories .	12	First person Plural
Here 's a story ... as I was waiting at the bus stop ( 7:35 am ) to go to school , a lady approached me and asked if I 'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus .	33	Third person Singular
Alright , so my dad had been wanting me to check my e mail for a few days but I never got around to it .	3	First person Singular
I think he left the Nail out of the shoe as a excuse to come back and see you hey he may be your Prince charming ..	2	Third person Singular
They have done very well and like the dry food better .	0	Third person Plural
we purchased a new home but was unable to sell our old house so we contacted this property management company and they have helped us quickly rent out our house and keep it maintained .	28	First person Plural
The Donuts were very over proofed , making them stale and bready .	8	Third person Plural
It was a Saturday and my spring was broken ...	1	Third person Singular
When they sound off , it is a true audio / visual experience .	6	Third person Singular
" Well , you are a Jew , " he says .	9	Third person Singular
Read the entire article ; there 's a punchline , too .	6	Third person Singular
This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave because other people were waiting .	1	Third person Singular
I did n't understand what kind of student she was .	9	Third person Singular
Stephanie 's knowledge of the market and properties in our price range , made us feel secure in our decision to buy when we did .	23	First person Plural
If the latter is the case , we could place both Sara and Elena in a specialist job group ( the salary range is 33 - 66 K ) .	3	Third person Singular
It was ok , nice management , they let us check in early , but the place was old .	7	Third person Plural
My waiter was so excellent I gave him a 75 % tip , and it was worht every penny ..	15	Third person Singular
There is a painting on my wall in the Oval -- first of all , I do n't know .	15	First person Singular
we made people very unhappy , and we made them unhealthy .	0	First person Plural
I will also be having my other vet up who 's a chiro & acupuncturist to evaluate him for wobblers .	17	Third person Singular
i could call him r2 for short	0	First person Singular
I would be a lot more concerned if the shoe fell off because it was missing one lousy nail .	14	Third person Singular
Musharraf calls the bluff	1	Third person Singular
Oh , they also charged me for the procedure ( $ 250 ) AND had the audacity to charge me a $ 25 ' DISPOSAL ' fee .	5	First person Singular
They do n't let just anybody do it .	0	Third person Plural
I did not go near my father but kept my hand in my pocket , feeling the soft leather glove .	12	First person Singular
A country deserves the leaders it has , my friends ...	8	First person Singular
And one of our friends , our common friends , he introduced us during study hall , and we just kind of hit it off from there .	3	First person Plural
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive .	24	Third person Singular
This is now my fourth week and I have made a total of $ 42,000.00 and it 's still coming rapidly .	17	Third person Singular
They want a program that will be a success , " Johnson - Freese said .	0	Third person Plural
My argument is it 's art and therefore should not be censored he 's making us censor it who 's right	0	First person Singular
“ We live in the modern era ! ” she cried .	1	First person Plural
He then " fixed " it for free but it still looked like crap .	9	Third person Singular
I need your help again .	0	First person Singular
But one should not go here expecting something fantastic , unless perhaps you 've never had middle - eastern food before , or succulent duck , tasty lamb , decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts .	31	Third person Singular
He really knows what he is talking about and will approach the different options fairly .	2	Third person Singular
We continue to depend on this same virtuous cycle : More readers , means more editors , which creates better instructions , leading again to more readers .	13	Third person Singular
The " food " is believed to contain some of those	4	Third person Singular
In China the hair is typically put in a chemical bath to remove the cuticle completely , Tarlo explains .	18	Third person Singular
Mr Weasley liked Harry to sit next to him at the dinner table so that he could bombard him with questions about life with Muggles , asking him to explain how things like plugs and the postal service worked .	15	Third person Singular
If it is hard to see how Baathist Iraq posed any real threat to Israel , it is not so difficult to see a menace in the current instability .	1	Third person Singular
The daytime temperature varies ; in January , it is about 24 ° C ( 75 ° F ) and in June , about 35 ° C ( 95 ° F ) .	9	Third person Singular
My mom told me how to tame them and I was very happy with the results .	3	First person Singular
In Brazil , I will be meeting again with Tozzini lawyers .	3	First person Singular
He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project Novial .	0	Third person Singular
He originated nothing , he could keep the routine going – that 's all . But he was great .	17	First person Singular
They will be there by noon on the 20th , and the surgery will last 1.5 hours and then they 'll watch him for 2 more hours before they put him into ICU .	30	Third person Singular
We were having a major problem in maintaining cash .	0	First person Plural
In fact , it would tend to encourage more organized anti-India outfits , such as the Pakistani Inter- Services Intelligence ( ISI ) and outside - linked Maoists , to exploit these networks and weaken India 's eastern flank .	3	Third person Singular
even if they did , our risk is limited to the premium , not some big payout .	5	First person Plural
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	0	First person Singular
Although , I do n't think that scary movies will affect pets for a long time ; I am sure they 'll forget sometime -- or am I wrong ?	20	Third person Plural
Dave is a patient and methodical teacher , who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students ' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take .	1	Third person Singular
This is one of the best farms I have ever been too .	1	Third person Singular
White men with long staves in their hands appeared languidly from amongst the buildings , strolling up to take a look at me , and then retired out of sight somewhere .	22	First person Singular
Maybe next time they will have it .	6	Third person Singular
I recently converted this test to an online test in order to norm it to a larger population and , subsequently , to make it available to any one who has access to a computer and the Internet .	30	Third person Singular
Give yourself the gift of visiting Winterowd Fine Art !	1	Second person Singular
They offer a good portions at a great price , it 's enough food to fill you up , but you do n't ever feel like you ate too much .	0	Third person Plural
Then take care of yourself .	4	Second person Singular
Hey there , I 'm trying to find a restaurant in Philly to take my husband tomorrow for his birthday .	3	First person Singular
I do n't know if the kid had a bad day or what , but I had to sit and apologize about nothing for 10 minutes until he dropped the issue .	0	First person Singular
" The effects of iodine deficiency are dependent upon how severe it is and when it occurs .	11	Third person Singular
she told me that after friday and saturday she felt i was slowly regressing .	8	Third person Singular
i am not going unless lisa promises to get all wasted and boob out .	6	Third person Singular
In her opening remarks for attendees , Waters pointed out those features to attendees , noting the touches of the Warhol Factory , or the studio where he worked , that were present around them .	34	Third person Plural
The newly married couple living on the corner in front of the entrance of George 's house ( Friar Park ) refers to him as an overbearing person to stay away from .	21	Third person Singular
As people have said , the situation there is extremely volatile .	8	Third person Singular
The last time I did that I was suggested to buy oblivion when I told them I was looking for a fps .	17	Third person Singular
They had once been white , he remembered , but now they had turned a curious shade of yellow .	0	Third person Plural
However , we draw on our many faith traditions to arrive at a common conviction .	2	First person Plural
If you plant the cuttings too deep , they might rot .	8	Third person Plural
As we discussed , here is a first effort at a revised TVA offer letter .	5	Third person Singular
They could n't use real Quidditch balls , which would have been hard to explain if they had escaped and flown away over the village ; instead they threw apples for each other to catch .	0	Third person Plural
Let us know your thoughts on this document and if you are comfortable with our using this until such time as the hybrid form is launched .	24	Third person Singular
I think it ’s important we have an original take on those things .	0	First person Singular
Was fast and easy , Just had our car returned this morning , I would recommend these Mobile Mechanics for sure .	0	Third person Singular
Auster saw the yoyo in his hands and said , I see you 've already met .	5	Third person Singular
I think that ’s why they immersed themselves in pattern and colour .	0	First person Singular
It ’s this quiet experience where you are trying to soak in what the joke is , have we done anything like this , is it a unique take , what are other people doing .	25	Third person Singular
They still would not drive the car with me to show their mpg number .	8	First person Singular
If you want to make it more quickly , cut the skittles in half before putting them into vodka .	5	Third person Singular
As we discussed yesterday , Laird and I spoke and we think that the presentation is good to go for Thursday .	1	First person Plural
For example , I would like to know if Rothko or Kline did any work on paper .	3	First person Singular
The flowers were all that I hoped they would be , I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all .	22	First person Singular
Then she gave him work to do , with the promise he would n't eat again until he 'd finished .	3	Third person Singular
A part of him had died , he told his friends , and he did not want it coming back to haunt him .	3	Third person Singular
Quinn asked him if he could try , and the boy walked over and put it in his hand .	2	Third person Singular
This country can do with a few more white people like you , take it from me .	16	First person Singular
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I am determined to prove to the Admissions committment that I can do the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business .	2	First person Singular
We do n't want to have to give anyone permission to use our recordings , we want anyone to use them for whatever they want .	0	First person Plural
This place offers a great manicure and pedicure .	2	Third person Singular
I assume his actual reason is that he 's worried that Berkshire Hathaway just ca n't grow quickly enough to justify his usual charity policy .	7	Third person Singular
Yo mama `s so fat , she `s got smaller fat women orbiting around her .	6	Third person Singular
From what we hear from the news media , one could easily conclude that all Christians are opposed to gay marriage .	2	First person Plural
Well , almost two weeks ago he came out and did my horse s feet and was SO flirty .	6	Third person Singular
it was worth of the ride more than an hour ...	0	Third person Singular
Even if you mash it with a spoon he ca n't do that ,	8	Third person Singular
It lists the record sources , fields , and calculated controls of a page .	1	Third person Singular
The answer lies in one now - familiar name : Jack Abramoff .	2	Third person Singular
Perhaps that 's why a surge of tears clouds his pupils while the syllable of time unearths his crop and surrenders his mystery to the bound waters .	20	Third person Singular
They have failed to extend their influence in Europe .	0	Third person Plural
As they design their web pages for the newer browsers with advanced web technology and geared to the newest web core markup language HTML 5 , they are forced to accommodate older out-of-date technology to support IE6 users .	3	Third person Plural
Fort Lee also has a great community center open to all borough residents .	3	Third person Singular
Take the messages for what they are : she has no objection in you being pals at uni , but she does not want to take matters further .	8	Third person Singular
But because we do n't want to sound hateful we must pretend everyone 's a possible suspect and make airline travel more miserable than it 's ever been .	2	First person Plural
Do you have the heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are now ?	14	First person Plural
This is not a rip - off , it is decent ; it 's legal ; and it is virtually no risk - it really works !!	23	Third person Singular
Sometimes you can make a bad decision very quickly , then regret it for many years to come .	12	Third person Singular
What is the most interesting place to see in South Korea ?	1	Third person Singular
The doctor has an injection gun and while my mother is focused on my daughter , she puts it firmly against my mother ’s arm and puts the chip in .	18	Third person Singular
Too bad they were out of the Chocolate Lava Cake .	2	Third person Plural
He was a chattering idiot .	0	Third person Singular
i would highly recommend calling these people up for your next car .	0	First person Singular
( A civic agent notices you noticing , and attaches itself to your infospace , whispering statistics —	9	Third person Singular
This is to advise you that we have available , for your business or personal use , Stan 's four ( 4 ) WNBA Comets tickets .	6	First person Plural
Even after the attacks on September 11 , Bush was obsessing about Iraq .	9	Third person Singular
As you see below , she is pulling those together .	6	Third person Singular
They did n’t have them in our day , and people without children express through their disapproval all their hatred of modern parenting .	6	First person Plural
The " Federal Eagle " stamp used in the anthrax mailings was a blue - green .	11	Third person Singular
Is it true ?	1	Third person Singular
I 'll search him out before class or after that break and see if I can set it up .	3	Third person Singular
We met a couple of weeks later , Ted was late .	0	First person Plural
Yo mama `s so fat , she could sell shade .	2	Third person Singular
They squeezed me in and had me back up and running in no time .	6	First person Singular
o and the cheaper the better ( we are trying to save money now , sooo .. that d b helpful ) thanks	7	First person Plural
All the carriers were speaking together , and in the midst of the uproar the lamentable voice of the chief agent was heard ' giving it up ' tearfully for the twentieth time that day ...	21	First person Singular
In his left hand he held a red object that Quinn could not identify .	1	Third person Singular
XSLT is an XML-based language that allows one XML document to be mapped , or transformed , into another XML document .	6	Third person Singular
I 'll believe it when I see it .	5	First person Singular
OVERALL DECENT BUT IF YOU ARE EXPECTING A RUTH CHRIS TYPE STEAK , THIS IS NOT IT .	16	Third person Singular
As he did , he accumulated points toward his National Guard service requirements .	8	Third person Singular
3 ) If he shows no interest in water , then take him back to your vet .	12	Third person Singular
It was an evolution .	1	Third person Singular
With these operating standards implemented worldwide , we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure Enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide .	15	Third person Singular
When victims and witnesses speak up , at least sometimes a child is protected , the truth is exposed , and justice is done .	17	Third person Singular
When you open an Access file , if Access does n't find a referenced file in the specified location , it searches for the reference as follows .	21	Third person Singular
This was in my third year of Biology study I think .	1	Third person Singular
He did warm it up .	3	Third person Singular
My girlfriend and I took a chance on this place because we did n't want to wait in line at Outback .	0	First person Singular
He felt a bit awkward .	0	Third person Singular
He could be killed years ago and the israelians have all the reasons , since he founded and he is the spiritual leader of Hamas , but they did n't .	27	Third person Plural
If I had time to drive to Tacoma before they closed during the work week , I would just so I could get those boots fixed properly again .	1	First person Singular
He was crossing the street and moving eastward .	0	Third person Singular
Can you explain more about it for us ?	7	First person Plural
Has a location , Theirs or TW land / ROW , been settled and when is the required in - service date ?	4	Third person Plural
Mérida has a rich cultural life which also reflects its diversity .	1	Third person Singular
The community center has dance , yoga , and other exercise classes , offers open gym hours for basketball or other recreation .	13	Third person Singular
However , they would never drive the car with me in it to prove their findings .	2	Third person Plural
Bush has a sadistic streak .	1	Third person Singular
This magma tends to be very viscous due to its high silica content , so it often does not reach the surface but cools at depth .	17	Third person Singular
even if they did , our risk is limited to the premium , not some big payout .	7	Third person Singular
From Mérida , it is easy to take day trips to a vast array of destinations : archaeological sites , ecological parks , typical villages , caves , beaches , colonial missions and more .	3	Third person Singular
" The effects of iodine deficiency are dependent upon how severe it is and when it occurs .	15	Third person Singular
These are two areas of action which I invite the Commissioner to set up and in which I would ask him to involve us .	23	First person Plural
And , I can say , this was one of my favorite places to eat in all of Richmond .	10	First person Singular
He was utterly gracious and took it like a man , I am beyond furious .	11	First person Singular
There is so much beauty all around the island , it is difficult not the appreciate to magnificent scenery and wildlife .	10	Third person Singular
it is a transmedia system in the sense first used by Marsha Kinder ( 1991 ) and popularized by Henry Jenkins ( 2006 ) , in which media-hopping networks of intertextualities extend the “ storyworld ” of an original production .	1	Third person Singular
One thing that I should say ... is that like all research , the outcome of what we are doing is highly uncertain .	7	Third person Singular
I want to know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a report , not a legislative proposal , and whether that is something I can competently do on Thursday .	5	Third person Singular
The Jewish community was practically wiped out , and many others lost their lives .	3	Third person Singular
I 'm forwarding a revised development agreement term sheet , showing revisions from your original version .	0	First person Singular
Miramar California is a bit north of San Diego .	2	Third person Singular
Does that work ?	0	Third person Singular
One poster admitted to being a part of the effort , writing in a blog post " I have myself , as per instructions , loaded up Gigaloader and started bombarding the Scientology homepage .	17	First person Singular
I was thunderstruck .	0	First person Singular
My favorite place to eat .	0	First person Singular
And frankly , I face a big obstacle .	4	First person Singular
I hope that the whole House will endorse their constructive approach .	0	First person Singular
It s Really Good And The Rat Calculater Says Is Big Enough For 5 Rats , But I Would Put A Maximum Of 4 In It Really :)	17	First person Singular
Yes , we should add compliance with OTC Derivatives and / or Commodity Contracts and Qualified Party requirements of the Securities Act ( Alberta ) , Securities Act ( British Columbia ) and Securities Act ( Ontario ) .	2	First person Plural
It was n't until he gave up and walked out the door that someone asked Can I help you .	16	First person Singular
Our plan is to organize a maximum of 6 clinics , each one full day .	0	First person Plural
i always thought there s no custom charges for gifts .	4	Third person Singular
It 's amazing how he deals with those fellows – better than I do , I can tell you .	15	First person Singular
When the war ended he came to Israel via Cyprus , joined Kibbutz Sdot Yam , married , and had two children .	4	Third person Singular
However , the Web page designer must provide a location from which components can be downloaded , and must reference the site license in a license package file ( .lpk ) that is associated with one or more Web pages .	32	Third person Singular
For instance , you might say something like , " I do n't know why every song on the radio nowadays has a Texas Flynn feature . Does he even have time to record between rehab stints ? "	27	Third person Singular
I am taking my wife out for our first year wedding anniversary and we both agree that we want a good steak .	17	First person Plural
Abby has three wonderful young children , and friends who love her and need her .	1	Third person Singular
I was kind of curious , what exactly is Guild Wars ?	0	First person Singular
L'Enfant was promoted by brevet to Major in the Corps of Engineers on May 2 , 1783 , in recognition of his service to the cause of American liberty .	1	Third person Singular
Is it ok for a woman in french culture to make the first move ?	0	Third person Singular
It read , " The people of Fallujah condemn the massacre which was committed on Friday against people dedicated to the protection of Fallujah .	0	Third person Singular
They have seen your pet , and are most aware of his condition .	11	Third person Singular
I asked myself what I was to do there , now my boat was lost .	2	First person Singular
i 'm doing a report on how afghanistan and Vietam are different and alike .	0	First person Singular
Though YouTube is complying with the Church of Scientology 's requests to take down the video , other sites such as Gawker.com have stated that they will keep hosting the video .	25	Third person Plural
I just get hung up on ' Christians ' , as they 're the dominant form where I come from .	17	First person Singular
THERE IS NO SUCH THING any more , anywhere , it ’s an online dating scam . "	10	Third person Singular
My friend and I went there for lunch today .	0	First person Singular
Construction was underway at the mosque in order to enlarge the mosque and improve crowd control , which has been a recurring problem during Mecca 's pilgrimages .	18	Third person Singular
That 's all you can really ask from a car dealer and Michael and Barrett hit all 3 .	1	Third person Singular
Everyone has the right to freedom of thought , conscience and religion ;	0	Third person Singular
Clap your hands or give it a gentle shove until it jumps up and walks away .	11	Third person Singular
Under the release of physical contact , he said to Mweta , I do n't know what we 're talking about , and Mweta said , You ... I told you we expect you back , now .	12	First person Singular
No problem , sounded like it 's done every day .	5	Third person Singular
I am forwarding for your attention the resume of Peter Percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems .	12	Third person Singular
No ... that 's all .	3	Third person Singular
If I was Rummy I 'd send Posada to Iraq to blow things up there .	1	First person Singular
Their attempts to ingratiate themselves with India and other neutralist nations have gained them little .	13	Third person Plural
Minister of Education Stefania Giannini said a " more general reflection " ( ( it ) ) is needed .	17	Third person Singular
He has become our department expert on the PSA account ( much more knowledgeable than myself ) and the various plan provision amendments .	15	First person Singular
Why have the staircases not been improved since my accident ?	1	Second person Singular
I 've never been a smoker & am a very strong anti-smoker , but I 'm an over-eater & so I know how hard it is to change a habit .	20	First person Singular
I go to school in the area and usually wait until I go home to get my hair cut .	0	First person Singular
I have never been anywhere out side my home town Charlotte north Carolina please help !!!!	7	First person Singular
" But you have n't talked about her to me . "	9	First person Singular
I typically have work done on my Jeep at the dealership , but it is 6 years old now and getting charged dealership prices just did n't seem cost effective anymore .	0	First person Singular
Some individuals reported that when they are able to reach the site , all they get is a message stating , " The word scientology means search for truth ... " .	25	Third person Singular
One thing is for sure , the economy is not faltering on my account .	2	Third person Singular
I had a dead battery last week and called this company since they were the closest they had very quick service for a Monday morning , thanks again guys .	12	Third person Plural
We trust and appreciate Scott Larson and know that he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs !	16	First person Plural
He was stand-offish with the other agents , and they on their side said he was the manager 's spy upon them .	0	Third person Singular
Wintour herself appears briefly , and is filmed putting her sunglasses on before being interviewed .	9	Third person Singular
Does it work ?	0	Third person Singular
Under the leadership of Governor Bush and others we have made real progress in Education in Texas over the past decade .?	8	First person Plural
Now that the Dursleys knew they were n't going to wake up as fruitbats , he had lost his only weapon .	18	Third person Singular
I loved the car so we began negotiating my trade - in and the price of the 09 XF .	5	First person Plural
“ Agora was invitation - only but many of these marketplaces are easily accessible if you know how to search , ” Dr Lee adds .	2	Third person Singular
And I was relieved when Nicki called to let me know she was home safe .	2	Third person Singular
We would still keep the 20,000,000 line referenced in Schedule B of the POA agreement .	0	First person Plural
Now I feel more confident wearing my bathing suit in the summer .	6	First person Singular
I do n't know where the hell he may be .	0	First person Singular
Yes , I suppose I wo n't know my way around when I get into town .	12	First person Singular
You understand it was a Continental concern , that Trading society ; but I have a lot of relations living on the Continent , because it 's cheap and not so nasty as it looks , they say .	13	First person Singular
you will need to give him only a small place to explore , so he can make it his territory , and feel safe there .	14	Third person Singular
Between them bloomed a long professional and amicable relationship that lasted for years .	1	Third person Plural
It seems to be a perfectly normal check .	1	Third person Singular
" We were screaming , hollering , flashing lights .	1	First person Plural
So I kept reading and then I saw the dates , it was from mid day Friday and arriving home mid day monday . :(	11	Third person Singular
$ 120 b - Amount the war and its aftermath are projected to cost for the 2004 fiscal year .	8	Third person Singular
What volatilities are you using to value the options - monthly volatilities or intra-day volatilities or a blend of the two ( if blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols ) ?	26	First person Singular
This is an important matter .	1	Third person Singular
I 'm American and I am going to the UK for the first time , what should I expect ?	0	First person Singular
I still remember him stuttering about " the General , " unable to remember Musharraf 's name .	0	First person Singular
She has also been charged with trying to kill her two - year - old daughter .	9	Third person Singular
Which is so dumb .	1	Third person Singular
1 ) When you get the bird , place him or her or them in the cage .	11	Third person Singular
And then I noticed that I cheat a little bit when I write them down .	13	Third person Plural
i am going to my grandma s in north carolina and we are going camping in a cabin in west virginia .	0	First person Singular
But we 've been looking at streamside communities .	1	First person Plural
We REALLY enjoyed our balcony -- coffee in the mornings , drinks at night , standing outside when docking and leaving port -- however , it is quite a bit more expensive .	25	Third person Singular
There was a click again and the rustle , and I could not think of what it could be .	10	First person Singular
We must help them to improve their border security .	0	First person Plural
For by definition an orphan drug is precisely a drug that offers very limited prospects of making a profit .	6	Third person Singular
i m not worried about damaging the surface my tank is on because i can prop it up off the surface anyway .	0	First person Singular
I want to take a cruise around the world .	0	First person Singular
What do you think ? he said , scornfully .	5	Third person Singular
And it 's an amalgamation of questions .	1	Third person Singular
There is a tunnel from the mosque to the Royal Palace , across the square .	1	Third person Singular
To me the doctor says in her normal voice , “ It ’s just a little lidocaine . ”	6	Third person Singular
Is there anyone else we should tell ?	0	Third person Singular
When someone comes up and says , ' Frank , thank you , your work is great . "	15	Third person Singular
I ca n't imagine them not being able to meet the Feb 05 deadline .	0	First person Singular
The very structure of the text of the COM in wine shows us that wine is an agricultural product rather than an industrial product .	11	Third person Singular
It is important to take the idea , not just the intellectual analysis .	0	Third person Singular
( Even though he has bigger things to do in D.C. , this is his legacy and he recognizes that if deregulation does not work in Texas , the repercussions could be global . )	18	Third person Singular
Rates ca n't go up w/out declaring the rate freeze over in some fashion --- trying to finesse it .	18	Third person Singular
Anyway , so that was 2 days ago that I called and left a message , but he still has n't called back yet .	4	Third person Singular
That 's a tragedy for those populations , but it 's also a tragedy for the people eating them because they don't know that that 's toxic meat .	20	Third person Plural
" What is that ? " he asks .	7	Third person Singular
I think it is wonderfully responsible that you are going into this rescue eyes open and are getting the opinions of qualified professionals ( and a bunch of Yahoos ) before you decide to take this horse on .	2	Third person Singular
Elena 's motorcycle tour through the region around Chernobyl has revived interest in one of the most serious nuclear disasters in history .	9	Third person Singular
I work with him and since past 6 years he is hosting his websites to Liquidweb .	12	Third person Singular
Wikinews interviews New York bar owner on Santorum cocktail	1	Third person Singular
She was wearing a flowered apron with a wand sticking out of the pocket .	0	Third person Singular
Hypnosis techniques that involve laying a chicken on its back may " succeed " by cutting off its air supply .	17	Third person Singular
I have attempted to revise them to make them clearer .	5	Third person Plural
This means that we don't allow joint accounts .	1	Third person Singular
That was last night , the second night Renata did n’t come home .	1	Third person Singular
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department .	1	First person Singular
By the way , I am interested in re-looking at a Picasso ( although we have 2 ) that your gallery had a couple of years ago .	5	First person Singular
These works were written under the name of William Wilson , and he produced them at the rate of about one a year , which brought in enough money for him to live modestly in a small New York apartment .	30	Third person Singular
I do think some Y!A users need to work on their reading comprehension as I ca n't comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse .	10	Third person Plural
Myself and Credit were calling in and none of the calls rolled into voice mail ( ? ) .	0	First person Singular
The flowers were all that I hoped they would be , I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all .	7	Third person Plural
These three little ones do n't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice Dad , but I 'm sure they 'll find out soon .	9	Third person Plural
She was instructed to destroy the agreement and another would be forwarded to her with the necessary corrections and re-wording of Section 7 .	1	Third person Singular
What Dunn 's committee hopes to learn is why all these events transpired .	4	Third person Singular
" So you 've talked to her about me . "	8	First person Singular
Robb says it is " like an experimental novel in which the female protagonist is always trying to pull in extraneous realities but which the hero is determined to keep on course , whatever tricks he has to use .	2	Third person Singular
It said it was in January but still !!!!	3	Third person Singular
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .	3	Third person Singular
I use Queensland half - hourly price during 13 December , 1998 - 30 June 2001 giving about 44,000 price observations .	0	First person Singular
After he lost a lawsuit in which he tried to void his rice contract , Norton 's public prominence faded .	7	Third person Singular
The French Digital Council , which advises on bills in line with questions of digital technology , could also scrutinise it .	6	Third person Singular
I hope they will be rejected because they are really the epitome of what Parliament is not able to do .	2	Third person Plural
I love how it really depends on how good a horse your horse really is , not how talented he is .	19	Third person Singular
I was soooo lucky to have used Marlon 's photography services .... such a creative and talented photographer and a pleasure to work with .	0	First person Singular
I can now give the floor to one speaker in favour and one against .	0	First person Singular
This way they will see that your hand is good and it s not going to grab them or hurt them .	17	Third person Plural
Quinn had not worn a tie since the funerals of his wife and son , and he could not even remember if he still owned one .	10	Third person Singular
He recovered and was released from the hospital on April 11 , becoming the first serving U.S. president to survive being shot in an assassination attempt .	0	Third person Singular
This right to love and form a family is so fundamental that our United States Constitution takes it for granted in its dedication to " secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity . ”	31	First person Plural
The sooner the better but I 'd probably wait until after the holidays .	5	First person Singular
Their worker even cleaned 3 of my windows and changed a lightbulb for me .	0	Third person Plural
For this to be possible , what we need from the European Commission are not just good intentions , but clearer guidelines and a firm commitment to monitoring the way these resources are used by the Member States .	7	First person Plural
are they just making these places up ?	1	Third person Plural
The interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections , but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 ( or so ) balloting centres .	3	Third person Singular
July is when he started to exhibit slight symptoms and the owner and vet originally thought it was just some nerve damage from something in the pasture with no visible injury .	1	Third person Singular
Wandering , therefore , was a kind of mindlessness .	4	First person Singular
Indeed , even in ancient civilizations , adequate maternal nutrition was considered essential to ensuring future generations ' survival and prosperity .	10	Third person Singular
How many times do you suppose you ’ve served it at your establishment since its creation ?	14	Third person Singular
Yes , it s that good .	3	Third person Singular
If an engagement with Iran envelops our forces in Iraq , and comes to involve Syria , our economy will likely shatter under the strain of fighting so many countries simultaneously .	12	Third person Singular
i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs .	15	Third person Plural
I sat generally on the floor , while , of faultless appearance ( and even slightly scented ) , perching on a high stool , he wrote , he wrote .	0	First person Singular
I 'm handling the afternoon -- I think that Harry has this morning .	10	Third person Singular
In the end Nixon kept his promise for “ … peace with honor …. ”	5	Third person Singular
He shooed the shocked Masons back into the dining room , promised Harry he would flay him to within an inch of his life when the Masons had left , and handed him a mop .	16	Third person Singular
It was declared a wildlife sanctuary in 1975 .	0	Third person Singular
I hope and trust that Europe under German leadership will rise to the occasion .	0	First person Singular
would it help getting an aquarium cage or a plastic see through box so it ca nt escape i can buy it a wheel	21	Third person Singular
As recently as last week the official line stated they had no knowledge he had entered the country .	9	Third person Plural
Orla got it in one .	2	Third person Singular
But if somebody wakes up one morning and suddenly no longer is funny , then yeah , head first , out the door as quickly as possible , and as sadistically as possible .	3	Third person Singular
Along with Zawahiri , Abdel Rahman and his two sons have had considerable influence over Bin Laden .	7	Third person Singular
West Oakland was once a burgeoning working-class neighborhood with its roots tracing as far back as the opening decades of the 19th century .	9	Third person Singular
" The funeral was attended by " almost every writer in Paris " , including Frédérick Lemaître , Gustave Courbet , Dumas père and Dumas fils .	3	Third person Singular
" We take document security seriously , " she said , but refused to give any more details about how the papers came to be on a road .	1	First person Plural
We had frosts in October so I would n't advise visiting late in the year to be honest , Spring time is your best bet .	0	First person Plural
During the Six Day War , Yehoshua says that he felt himself linked to a great event , that he was within a historic wave and at one with its flow .	11	Third person Singular
It is estimated that Israel has over 200 nuclear weapons yet neither the US nor any of her allies expresses the slightest concern .	0	Third person Singular
Frequent urination is a sign of several things .	2	Third person Singular
Look for a lot of stripes in their head that starts from the beak and goes back to the back fo the bird .	10	Third person Singular
This cost is averaging $ 79,000 per month if we continue to run the compressor as we have in August and September .	9	First person Plural
It was something natural , that had its reason , that had a meaning .	7	Third person Singular
Their quote came in at half the price of A&E for the same work and same part .	0	Third person Plural
Back on the train , we continue southwards .	5	First person Plural
I propose we have a conference call with Bob Fagan on Fri July 20 at 1:00 pm Calgary time to discuss any areas of concern / confusion you may have .	2	First person Plural
My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly completed .	21	First person Singular
When the next hailstorm blows through , I will not hesitate to contact James at Team Texas Construction .	4	Third person Singular
So even back in the sixties , he was very aware of this part of our culture .	7	Third person Singular
When the male gets his titts out the female gets mad with him knowing he ca n't produce milk .	3	Third person Singular
I will walk outside and he will stand at the door and stare at me or run away .	0	First person Singular
Undersecretary for Education Mr. Toccafondi says " many schools will increase their fees or they will quit . Then the State will have to find new resources to build new structures and manage them " ( ( it ) ) .	5	Third person Singular
It contains a tiny lagoon , which has all but dried up .	0	Third person Singular
I think it ’s similar to what Colbert said to Terry Gross .	3	Third person Singular
It seems that the Palestinian leadership ( upcoming ) will not be a peace partner with Israel .	0	Third person Singular
I shopped it around and they were extremely competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my tires which should extend the life and get me better gas mileage .	0	First person Singular
The referenced TAGG # was entered as a ' New Counterparty ' , can you please let me know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the counterparty exposure .	4	Third person Singular
This year we were n't sure .	2	First person Plural
Suppose at the end of the year they were not put on contract ?	7	Third person Plural
He knows his own mind but he 's not an intransigent fellow at all ...	2	Third person Singular
Not once does he claim to be present at what happens .	2	Third person Singular
It is Enpower No. 295870 .	1	Third person Singular
Actually , I think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just do n't be too mad if I have to cancel .	25	First person Singular
I tell all my customers they can try it , but do n't count on it .	5	Third person Plural
And one of our friends , our common friends , he introduced us during study hall , and we just kind of hit it off from there .	10	Third person Singular
And I remember there sitting at my desk thinking , " Well , I know this " .	14	First person Singular
We felt we made it better because it introduced a process for review and refund . "	2	First person Plural
Well , I had my seventeenth and eighteenth birthdays in the detention camp at Fort Howard , the guest of Her Majesty 's governor , said Odara , that I know .	4	First person Singular
It is complicated because it deals with all nine separately and it is necessary to submit amendments in nine sets .	12	Third person Singular
I enjoyed working with you and wish you the best of everything .	0	First person Singular
Apart from that in spite of my repeated attempts I could not get in touch with the manager to even lodge an official complaint .	6	First person Singular
EPM , Anyone Dealt with it ?	5	Third person Singular
When creating a new password , be sure that it is at least 6 characters in length and that you use a complex string of numbers , letters , and punctuation marks .	10	Third person Singular
It is also important to act decisively against the campaign of lies and fabrications and to monitor those Western media who collaborate with it out of naivety , financial interests or ignorance .	23	Third person Singular
I can recommend some good restaurants since I took Ric there last year for his birthday .	14	Third person Singular
In all my travels I ’ve never seen anything like it and am often met with an odd look when I explain them to foreigners .	20	First person Singular
He was prompt , knowledgable , friendly , clean and just an overall great guy who obviously cares about his business .	17	Third person Singular
I have lived in the UTC La Jolla area for many years , and I never new this salon was here until a friend reffered me to see Holly here .	19	Third person Singular
The house of Annas , in which Jesus was questioned and struck , is within the compound .	13	Third person Singular
I believe that these are three weekends in a row , January 6 , 13 and 20th .	0	First person Singular
If anyone has it handy , it could speed things up for me .	2	Third person Singular
On Monday I called and again it was a big to - do to find anyone who knew anything about it .	20	Third person Singular
A recent example of weather control was China 's preparation for the 2008 Summer Olympic Games .	6	Third person Singular
The few times I have consulted with a travel agent I was able to find the same for less on my own , and more options than what they were selling .	3	First person Singular
Some of the most intriguing questions are chemical ; do they produce some kind of antifreeze , and is that orange glow in the ROV lights their own ?	10	Third person Plural
During the first stages of Romanization , the peninsula was divided in two by the Romans for administrative purposes .	9	Third person Singular
Overall , 2005 is sure to be a year you wo n't forget .	3	Third person Singular
I wish I had you as my dentist early on in my life - maybe my teeth would have been a lot better then they are now , However I am glad you are my dentist now .	34	First person Singular
I ended up buying a birthday card and would probably come back for more .	0	First person Singular
1 . Here 's a site that lists world cruises including prices .	7	Third person Singular
But I still wanted to push against his hand and put my hand in his pocket and steal the leather palmed glove , that secret animal .	1	First person Singular
I just called again and was told that workmanship , not wood , is guaranteed for a year - well in my opinion - the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship !	0	First person Singular
The world was outside of him , around him , before him , and the speed with which it kept changing made it impossible for him to dwell on any one thing for very long .	5	Third person Singular
I should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you did n't spell her name right in the email - I mean it 's such a common spelling .	25	First person Singular
I found her through a colleague one day when one of my clients was in the midst of a panic attack and needed professional help that I am not qualified to provide .	11	First person Singular
1 . I tested it out by making a figure boat	2	First person Singular
Mr Weasley was slumped in a kitchen chair with his glasses off and his eyes closed .	2	First person Singular
I am looking for people who would like to play D & D 3.5 and live in or around the Chillicothe , OH area .	1	First person Singular
The success American Motors ' compact - sized Rambler models spurred GM and Ford to introduce their own downsized cars in 1960 .	16	Third person Plural
I came to La Crosse to go to college , and my mom would send me birthday flowers though here .	11	First person Singular
In addition they will be contacting you to discuss their participation in projects outside their rotation .	2	Third person Plural
Either I suck at my own style or Janice is a genius .	1	First person Singular
Just last night we were saying we 'd come and get you ourselves if you had n't written back to Ron by Friday .	3	First person Plural
I have never seen this car before until this lady at wal mart had it and she told me she got it here and that everyone was so nice to her .	14	Third person Singular
Now , however , he is to go before the courts once more because the public prosecutor is appealing .	5	Third person Singular
The Washington Monthly 's Who 's Who of Neocons in Iraq helps explain the extreme incompetence and possibly double - dealing of many in the CPA .	11	Third person Singular
I had my passage on a little sea-going steamer .	0	First person Singular
I know when is eat-e chicken , I know when is eat-e beef .	10	Third person Singular
His eyes began to mist .	0	Third person Singular
At the same time , it pleased him to know that Stillman also had a red notebook , as if this formed a secret link between them .	26	Third person Plural
I was asked by the officers , in their inimitably dumb way , whether I knew the writer Günter de Bruyn and whether we are intellectual relatives .	23	First person Plural
If Israel were governed as Egypt is , or Syria , would I have come here at all ?	12	First person Singular
I have been a patient a NW hospital and it was great .	9	Third person Singular
However , I was n't going into any of these .	2	First person Singular
They were men enough to face the darkness .	0	Third person Plural
In line also with the recommendation of the evaluator of Pericles , it is appropriate to extend the Pericles programme , based on the need to :	13	Third person Singular
Steve , everything looks good with one exception .	3	Third person Singular
They said he had caused the fire in some way ; be that as it may , he was screeching most horribly .	17	Third person Singular
They kept the name Oracle and created the RDBMS engine .	0	Third person Plural
they will move if they get too warm - it 's not like a heat rock which you should avoid at all costs .	0	Third person Plural
XML is a data interchange format in that it allows you to exchange data between dissimilar systems or applications .	1	Third person Singular
i m pretty sure that they do see things on the tv screen because my cat chases things around the tv screen	5	Third person Plural
I 'm suppose to start a job at Cracker Barrel , but I ca n't risk losing the job because I have two visible tattoos on my arm .	0	First person Singular
That was the last Ismat heard from her .	1	Third person Singular
In all , we received requests for 61 persons outside of Enron to host an eSpeak event .	3	First person Plural
My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly completed .	0	First person Singular
Flowers blooming create a hormone change which dramatically reduces the flavor of the leaves , as well as reducing the amount of foliage which grows .	24	Third person Singular
It is spectacular .	1	Third person Singular
When it comes to genetic engineering , however , science seems to matter less than politics .	1	Third person Singular
We always took ours to dinner and discussed what things we felt we ' had ' to do and which ones we felt like skipping in lieu of just chilling .	20	Third person Singular
Limit them to one room with easy to clean flooring .	1	Third person Plural
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	3	First person Plural
I mean that was discussed in U.S arms control journals , that they would have to regard as a potential threat to their strategic deterrent , meaning as a first strike weapon .	0	First person Singular
I 'd go if I were you , or she 'll tell everyone in London you were buttering up to the Africans and did n't want to see them .	4	First person Singular
I can dig it up if you 'd like .	0	First person Singular
The case against Iran has a feeling of Déjà vu .	4	Third person Singular
Web giant Google is resisting an attempt by the US to force it to reveal what users are searching for .	12	Third person Singular
However , I 've read on the internet that the French dating etiquette is totally different .	2	First person Singular
His daughter 's condition deteriorated , to the point that the baby spent all her energy battling the infections caused by the constant breaking of the skin , leading to severe malnutrition and , eventually , her death .	36	Third person Singular
Please allow me to say that the present report can be judged very positively .	2	First person Singular
Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg tweeted to Mohamed and said the boy was welcome to come and tour the company .	11	Third person Singular
I thought it would be a good idea to see how a few that I liked would look like on a model ( by looking the dress up online ) .	2	Third person Singular
It notes 10 points at which the US made key mistakes that might have stopped Bin Laden 's plot .	0	Third person Singular
He found his red notebook , sat down at his desk , and wrote steadily for the next two hours .	2	Third person Singular
And I gave it all my heart , all my energy , based upon principles that did not change once I got into the Oval Office .	5	First person Singular
In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .	3	Third person Singular
In the outer group level , the header section contains fields from the Orders table and the footer section contains a calculated total control named OrderValue .	19	Third person Singular
First and Last time we 'll eat there	4	First person Plural
He will exceed your expectations !	0	Third person Singular
Here is the attachment ...	1	Third person Singular
In a recent interview , Zay and Zayion described recording their version of “ Knuck If You Buck ” on a home laptop .	10	Third person Plural
This has been an ongoing concern for the five years that I have been a Member of this Parliament , and I have raised the issue time and time again .	12	First person Singular
The 2000 tax return has no income , assets , or liabilities .	4	Third person Singular
The first challenge that we have before can do any kind of analysis of these interstellar dust particles is simply to find them .	4	First person Plural
First of all I think maybe they have bad teachers , which is a problem .	6	Third person Plural
I do n't have enough information to answer this question , one way or the other .	0	First person Singular
It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who does n't know anything about it and get them to initial it .	27	Third person Singular
Wikinews interviews Mario J. Lucero and Isabel Ruiz of Heaven Sent Gaming	1	Third person Singular
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page , we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers .	0	First person Plural
It remains unclear if these figures represent real individuals , or if the authorial " I " who addresses them represents Shakespeare himself , though Wordsworth believed that with the sonnets " Shakespeare unlocked his heart " .	1	Third person Singular
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .	19	Third person Plural
Yahoo! Founders Jerry Yang and David Filo selected the name because they considered themselves yahoos ...	11	Third person Plural
Frank Rack got in touch after they returned from Antarctica in hopes that I could help with an identification on the anemone .	13	First person Singular
I love pizza and this was a complete and utter disappointment !!	0	First person Singular
We 've had a crate made to transport Fritzi , and she 's been trying it on him .	11	Third person Singular
One day he remarked , without lifting his head , ' In the interior you will no doubt meet Mr. Kurtz . '	2	Third person Singular
Like Iran , Syria 's military is nothing to scoff at .	6	Third person Singular
' When you see Mr. Kurtz , he went on , tell him from me that everything here – he glanced at the desk – is very satisfactory .	14	First person Singular
I hope your dad 's surgery goes well !	6	Third person Singular
Josh Kindig , he 's coming on board , he has some ideas for that too , he wants to take over " aywv " and do more gaming news .	4	Third person Singular
The project eventually was terminated but Larry and Bob decided to finish what they started and bring it to the world .	3	Third person Singular
So huge in fact , that Toronto slang is influenced by and has Jamaican references , and Jamaican beef patties are staples in my high school cafeteria .	8	Third person Singular
They 'll die off , I suppose .	5	First person Singular
The following quote is from that Coogan article :	3	Third person Singular
It smelled like shit .	0	Third person Singular
Then he started to see the real horrors of war .	1	Third person Singular
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed , the price was Non-Bondad .	12	Third person Singular
He said the main aim of the subpoenas will be to determine whether collusion occurred to " fix " prices , which would violate federal trade laws .	0	Third person Singular
I figured it would end soon , but the money just kept coming in .	0	First person Singular
My friend and I were to stay here for a girls night , catch up on our lives evening .	16	First person Plural
It means they 've gone too far .	2	Third person Plural
His appearance was certainly that of a hairdresser 's dummy ; but in the great demoralization of the land he kept up his appearance .	2	First person Singular
He tried to tell me it was when I told asked him if he knew what fps stood for and he had no clue .	13	Third person Singular
Too little is being done in this area . More needs to be done , but we must avoid creating more bureaucracy .	2	Third person Singular
All the guys at work are saying I should n't bother having it fixed I should just buy a new one .	14	First person Singular
Should you have any questions , feel free to call me .	10	First person Singular
So I have a mini-MMPI that I --	1	First person Singular
I am prepared to believe it .	1	First person Singular
It 's the water pumped into the tanks for ballast and then pumped out again that pollutes the seas , says John .	16	Third person Singular
Even when he robbed Dostoevski , he pitied him as one might " a little cherub-like child . "	6	Third person Singular
Even that locution , ' his appointment ' , seemed odd to him .	12	Third person Singular
anyways I feed them to my road sometimes .	3	Third person Plural
But their parents refused to accept this .	1	Third person Plural
In any case , we have had some more time to do some exploring ( and shopping ) , so we have some good ideas about what to do if you come .	20	First person Plural
I love this place lots of people to talk to and school is across the street !	0	First person Singular
I am SO GLAD to have found Dr. Liau .	1	First person Singular
hopefully she does n't hose you .	2	Third person Singular
I need creative art ideas ?	0	First person Singular
Anyway they jimmy rigged it so i could drive it home .	1	Third person Plural
We 're moving more towards the Internet at this point , because the Internet is a much easier , safer way for a person to look at sensitive material and not get caught with it .	34	Third person Singular
I 've been looking at the bose sound dock 10 i ve currently got a jvc mini hifi system , i was wondering what would be a good set of speakers .	10	First person Singular
He lathered his face , took out a clean blade , and started scraping off his beard .	0	Third person Singular
I am on Yahoo !	0	First person Singular
The tag builds on the original punchline or twists back on it in a surprising way .	11	Third person Singular
I look , I see the round bottle is red wine inside ...	0	First person Singular
I 'm more than happy to help people with the site or answer any questions about Action Network - just drop me a message .	0	First person Singular
Otherwise , I will be sending it to Peoples as our final revision by mid morning .	6	Third person Singular
it was a little to high dollar for me	0	Third person Singular
I would n't send my dogs there .	4	First person Singular
After you have had the chance to review the attached , please send me a marked - up draft and we can discuss our concerns from there .	20	First person Plural
I love them .	2	Third person Plural
I have been here a few times for oil changes and just got my tires , alignment and state inspection done yesterday .	13	First person Singular
" Perhaps the author most affected by Balzac was American expatriate novelist Henry James .	8	Third person Singular
In Jakov Lind 's interesting brief book on Israel , Ben-Gurion is quoted as saying , " The Jews know hardly anything of a hell that might await them .	11	Third person Singular
The city 's name reflects its history as a city " reborn from the ashes " of the previous settlement .	4	Third person Singular
Family owned and operated makes sure the atmosphere is relaxed and the food home - cooked with style .	8	Third person Singular
or are they just supposed to look like they are so nothing will try to eat them	2	Third person Plural
We were familiar with Search Engine Optimization strategies , but new nothing about Social Media - we just heard that it was the next big thing .	0	First person Plural
He 'd almost be glad of a sight of his arch-enemy , Draco Malfoy , just to be sure it had n't all been a dream .	0	Third person Singular
My overall impression was that he did n't seem as interested in the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters .	3	Third person Singular
It does n't matter how graceful your horse is , or how high he can jump , or how well he does a sliding stop .	13	Third person Singular
i have never tried feeding him a pinky that was bigger around than he is .	9	Third person Singular
Being well - informed will give you certainty and that is desirable in a world of conflicting reports .	10	Third person Singular
Biologist Nick Bos tells Wikinews about ' self-medicating ' ants	3	Third person Singular
I told Paul that you called him yesterday so abruptly because you did n't want to waste his time while you got tests done for arthritis .	6	Third person Singular
I have n't even changed the wording after I first put it down .	0	First person Singular
I think that building a universal how-to manual would be a tremendous gift for the world .	0	First person Singular
Will they be shown nationally or regionally , on NBC or on any of the company ’s multiple cable networks ?	1	Third person Plural
Stepping nimbly out of Harry 's reach , he pulled a thick wad of envelopes from the inside of the pillowcase he was wearing .	22	First person Singular
Is there any way to strengthen it ?	0	Third person Singular
In fact , upon hearing the evidence , a former Pakistani prime minister confessed that he would have been more proactive in this area had he known while he was in office what he knows now .	33	Third person Singular
The situation appears to be even worse in Mississippi .	2	Third person Singular
Using aimless motion as a technique of reversal , on his best days he could bring the outside in and thus usurp the sovereignty of inwardness .	10	Third person Singular
And I think I remember , a bunch of guys called because of that also .	1	First person Singular
Try Varkala , it s a ammazing and is by the beach .	3	Third person Singular
As I mentioned in my voice mail , Mike Roberts going to hire Sara Woody , a recent MBA grad from Rice , into his group .	24	Third person Singular
Aside from that little * mystery * , one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong I was about how another dress that I loved compared to one of her dresses that I was trying on .	17	First person Singular
the compound word for this phrase , in the language that was spoken round the capital , and that he had never really known well .	19	Third person Singular
He has never lived in a war zone .	0	Third person Singular
However , if they have been vomiting numerous times , then the blood could be due to irritation of the stomach and intestines .	3	Third person Plural
Their service is top - notch and I especially love the free French champagne served even in Economy .	0	Third person Plural
It 's hard to keep up with the stories about billion dollar appropriations , debt forgiveness , and loan guarantees to countries like Egypt and Israel and now even Pakistan .	1	Third person Singular
It is the marrying off of young girls to older men often close relatives that enfurates me .	1	Third person Singular
They did n’t have them in our day , and people without children express through their disapproval all their hatred of modern parenting .	4	Third person Plural
Now that 's a post I can relate to .	2	Third person Singular
If that were the case , and Stillman managed to elude him , it would mean that Virginia Stillman was responsible .	19	First person Singular
I am going up soon and having the tractor fixed .	1	First person Singular
She trusts me , she ’s more my dog than anyone ’s , and she did n’t like it but for me she lay there .	18	Third person Singular
Working with Rod Jacobsen was my first experience working with a CPA , so I did not know what to expect .	4	Third person Singular
He remembered having read somewhere that the eyes were the one feature of the face that never changed .	0	Third person Singular
Finally I descended the hill , obliquely , towards the trees I had seen .	11	First person Singular
This is , after all , his business , and if he wants you to remain a customer why on earth is he doing shoddy work ?	6	Third person Singular
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar 's property ) .	16	First person Plural
Tens of thousands are homeless , and officials say it could be weeks before power is restored .	9	Third person Singular
Bray was half-embarrassed to find that he even caught his eye , once , and there was a quick smile ; but Mweta was used to having eyes on him , by now .	6	Third person Singular
i have to go to butt - fucking mississippi .	0	First person Singular
Is it possible to shoot lazers out of your Wang ?	1	Third person Singular
Well , not much I can say except I 'm very disappointed with this experience .	4	First person Singular
Co-founder of Google , Sergey Brin , personally met with Mohamed during his visit to Google .	12	Third person Singular
She recommended products but absolutely did n't pressure me to buy .	8	First person Singular
He 's getting used to his new home , but has n't eatin yet .	0	Third person Singular
I detect the hissing lisp of the lying serpent in this article .	0	First person Singular
And between the time I began my research and the time I applied , the minimum score did change once .	11	First person Singular
But now that the scene was taking place , he felt quite disappointed , even angry .	9	Third person Singular
But the long silence from Ron and Hermione had made Harry feel so cut off from the magical world that even taunting Dudley had lost its appeal – and now Ron and Hermione had forgotten his birthday .	25	Third person Singular
It has invested $ 3 billion in the African country 's oil industry , which supplies it with seven per cent of its needs .	16	Third person Singular
" To have a business allow that type of filth to be purveyed through their website or through their system is something that they say they ca n't handle .	25	Third person Plural
Dudley , who was so large his bottom drooped over either side of the kitchen chair , grinned and turned to Harry .	6	Third person Singular
The premise with which the administartion is acting is that if they expeditiously suspend everyone 's right to bilateral contracts quickly , it sets up a barrier which the direct access coalition must break through .	11	Third person Plural
We are only doing public domain works , for a number of reasons , partly to keep simplicity in our copyright situation -- public domain means it s as simple as can be .	26	Third person Singular
It does n’t have a moment .	0	Third person Singular
If we look at the situation where safety advisers are concerned , in a number of countries it is compulsory to employ such safety advisers in companies as from 1 January of this year .	18	Third person Singular
By then , he was sufficiently well known in London to be attacked in print by the playwright Robert Greene in his Groats - Worth of Wit :	4	Third person Singular
If all this is really happening , he said , then I must keep my eyes open .	3	Third person Singular
But now that they are part of a chain , service has slipped .	11	Third person Singular
Strip mall asian it is not !	3	Third person Singular
Superior work - always comes through when we need him .	4	Third person Singular
He did warm it up .	0	Third person Singular
1 . The pricing that we have given CRRA is specific to FuelCell Energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer ( i.e. , ONSI would be a lot more money ) .	9	Third person Singular
The Treaty of London , signed on 30 May 1913 , partitioned significant part of territory claimed by Albania , regardless its ethnic composition , between the Balkan allies reducing the territory of Albania to its central regions .	35	Third person Singular
On the means of delivery , I am not sure from your note whether or not I fully understand the intent .	16	First person Singular
I started this page to help with my boredom .	7	First person Singular
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I am determined to prove to the Admissions committment that I can do the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business .	13	First person Singular
That means expense , space , and they require weekly cage cleaning .	7	Third person Plural
I packed six loaves of flatbread , some olives , a hard cheese , one nice dress , walking clothes , my pills and glasses , a jug of wine , a can-teen of water , and a kitchen knife .	21	First person Singular
Ayad Allawi , and other ministers running on his list , have quite expectedly used their governmental positions in campaigning .	15	Third person Plural
I think that ’s why they immersed themselves in pattern and colour .	3	Third person Singular
Regardless of method , the winning seeker wins 30 points for his or her team , unlike the books , in which the snitch is worth 150 points .	13	Third person Singular
Strangely , twice in its history the neighborhood has seen benefits from major earthquakes .	8	Third person Singular
Why , how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ???	11	Third person Singular
I am very pleased with the tattoos that I revived from them .	1	First person Singular
and I said , YES , CENTER CITY PHILLY , and he says , NO , Warwick is a township , If you 're at a Radison in Warwick that s too far , try dominos in Pottstown .	1	First person Singular
This VERIFIES that you are truly providing a service .	1	Third person Singular
Mention people you know that they do n't like .	5	Third person Plural
Instead of rescheduling they chose to waste my time instead .	3	Third person Plural
This is really an end goal aim of NASA & Company and also does not allow anyone challenging the moon landing hoax .	1	Third person Singular
My next stop was Bellingham , right up near the Canadian border .	0	First person Singular
For that reason the Commission believes that it is still too early to fix limit values for fuel quality for the year 2005 .	8	Third person Singular
i am going out tonight to get wasted if anyone is interested .	1	First person Singular
" The book -- I guess one way , one thing to think about it is -- one of the themes would be , I was given a charge to keep .	14	Third person Singular
This enables RAC to manage the associated risk during the life of the transaction both effectively and appropriately .	1	Third person Singular
I will be in Sao Paulo on Monday , September 20 , 1999 .	0	First person Singular
Its police includes a special unit which operates patrol and surveillance boats .	7	Third person Singular
We therefore had to meet these two fundamental objectives and I sincerely believe that we are close to achieving this .	0	First person Plural
I was married by a judge .	0	First person Singular
The Atmosphere is the best .. Italian music , candles , helpful and friendly staff ... And the food is beautiful too !	2	Third person Singular
It is at the southeast end of Downtown .	1	Third person Singular
This difference is mainly due to the following :	2	Third person Singular
We will fight with them about who owes the $ 200 k that James mentions below based on their failure to " assist " us in managing the cost .	14	Third person Singular
I used one of these cages short term for a pet and it was n't that great to be honest , pretty cheaply made , the door springs are annoying and it does n't last very well .	13	Third person Singular
As I mentioned , please let me know when it is ready , and I will send someone to pick it up .	10	Third person Singular
Pointe-à-Pitre : with its suburbs , it is the economic capital of Guadeloupe	7	Third person Singular
I went across the bay last night to attend a farmer 's market and music event .	0	First person Singular
right now , your male is fighting off an intruder , and he feels that all of the house is his .	5	Third person Singular
Nobody likes the Parisians , even then Parisians do n't like Parisians .	1	Third person Singular
Well , unless of course the third compressor he put in the car goes out .	13	Third person Singular
Yes , that was possible .	3	First person Singular
This is a right which does not incur financial consequences .	5	Third person Singular
If you 've been to North County , chances are it 's in your favorites list already .	11	Third person Singular
The following is an example of a well-formed XML document :	2	Third person Singular
i do n't even like a&m , i would n't bet on them .	12	Third person Plural
Yes , he said to himself , it was possible .	8	First person Singular
The logic is that ( nearly ) all Wave 4 respondents appeared in the Wave 1 sample , but not all would have been interviewed at Wave 3 due to differential patterns of temporary attrition .	2	Third person Singular
such a great idea this was , so easy to load and pack , no ramp , no step up no back aches .	5	Third person Singular
It is possible to establish the phase of the moon on a particular day two thousand years ago but not whether it was obscured by clouds or haze .	21	Third person Singular
The interim Governing Council issued a communique saying , " It is a proof of the emptiness of the Israeli authority and a destruction of the peace endeavors in the region . . .	10	Third person Singular
I 'm really surprised by the negative reviews .	0	First person Singular
( 1 ) Everyone charged with a penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his defence .	3	Third person Singular
That is the information I have on this type of activity .	1	Third person Singular
giving the new kitten her own small territory will help her to feel safe and will give her a place to go to when scared .	17	Third person Singular
So we try it out here .	1	First person Plural
When they are cruel , their friends will usually ignore it or not do anything to stop it since they 're afraid that they 'll be treated badly by their ' friend . '	19	Third person Plural
She waggled her fingers , sticky from the marshmallow , and her husband took his handkerchief from his pocket and gave it to her .	14	Third person Singular
But nothing had ever come of it , and he had felt stupid , as though there were a blind spot in the center of his brain .	9	Third person Singular
I work 2 hours away but offered my card over the phone .	7	First person Singular
put her back in the room , and keep the door closed for a week .	1	Third person Singular
To accomplish this , Łódź has been capitalizing on its film history - Łódź is jokingly referred to as the " HollyŁódź " of Poland and hosts several film festivals and many other cultural events .	9	Third person Singular
I did n't end up buying my car here , but I did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me .	39	First person Singular
I can live with these minimum standards , but I would ask the Commission to monitor the situation very carefully .	9	First person Singular
If they think you 've taken a soda from your room home with you , they will charge you $ 1.50 per can .	1	Third person Plural
Although Israel withdrew from Lebanese territory in May 2000 , the radical Lebanese Shiite party , Hizbullah , has not been mollified .	18	Third person Singular
I was booked for 2 nights at this hotel in Oct 2007 .	1	Third person Singular
The whole Western Addition and a large portion of the Haight was black .	11	Third person Singular
I think that ’s why they immersed themselves in pattern and colour .	5	Third person Plural
I 've been away a long time .	0	First person Singular
She was instructed to destroy the agreement and another would be forwarded to her with the necessary corrections and re-wording of Section 7 .	13	Third person Singular
It 's impossible to get an appointment .	0	Third person Singular
He decided just to drop the first one he caught over the hedge , but the gnome , sensing weakness , sank its razor-sharp teeth into Harry 's finger and he had a hard job shaking it off until –	30	Third person Singular
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .	0	Third person Singular
The crew said he was drinking himself silly in his quarters .	4	First person Singular
Beards / Muffs : If your Silkie has a beard / muff the offspring could have a beard as well , as these genes are incomplete dominate .	7	Third person Singular
She answers all questions asked and provides the best service i have ever seen .	6	Third person Singular
I am made to feel special when I am in the chair and I have NEVER had a less than amazing cut or color experience .	1	First person Singular
No son of an Arab politician or religious leader has ever blown himself up .	9	Third person Singular
Until I was thirteen , I thought my name was shut up .	5	First person Singular
I wanted to let you know about this before I respond to her request .	0	First person Singular
Major general Fuad Basya , spokesman for the Indonesian military , said fisherman first noticed the people and a warship was deployed to retrieve them .	20	Third person Singular
This debate and the amendment of the Directive currently in force allow us to incorporate differentiating elements which demonstrate the diversity of this Europe of ours .	12	First person Plural
Now the Electoral Commission is refusing to punish people for mere past Baath Party membership .	4	Third person Singular
Office 2002 site license ( user does n't have Office 2002 installed on computer , but user 's organization has an enterprise or site license agreement )	6	Third person Singular
The reality is that India is no longer the enemy of choice for the people of Pakistan .	5	Third person Singular
Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates .	6	First person Plural
Nida brings in the reminder that while there are no such things as " identical equivalents " in translating , what one must in translating seek to do is find the " closest natural equivalent " .	1	Third person Singular
They also killed Shaikh Hamid 'Akkab , a clan elder of a branch of the Dulaim tribe in Tikrit .	0	Third person Plural
Something intelligible , something metaphysical is communicated by these colors .	5	Third person Singular
Whenever you are presented with something that you do n’t want to do or would consider putting off , ask yourself , “ will this take me less than two minutes to finish ? ”	26	First person Singular
Her flat cloth slippers were propped up on a foot-warmer , and a cat reposed on her lap .	0	Third person Singular
This particular chair is designed to help with back problems , which she has .	3	Third person Singular
They already have rights to take it , alter it , and release those changes to the world - this is what the whole open source thing is about .	9	Third person Singular
Game tonight at 7 , it 's time to kick some ass .	5	Third person Singular
I 'm afraid so , he mumbled in his Englishman 's way .	0	First person Singular
I remember signing my first autograph to a kid when I was 25 years old .	3	First person Singular
However , there was no further public recognition of her wartime resistance and humanitarian work until after the end of communist rule in Poland .	3	Third person Singular
I left my number , or tried to anyway .	0	First person Singular
He crossed the room gently to look at the sick man , and returning , said to me , ' He does not hear . '	21	Third person Singular
He looked at his hands , saw that they were dirty , and got up to wash them .	3	Third person Singular
I think the first step is a call between yourself , me , Mark Stubley and Mike Indivero .	11	First person Singular
I would appreciate it if , on the close of this item of business , I might be allowed to give an explanation of vote on behalf of my Group .	0	First person Singular
The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .	11	Third person Singular
As always , the interview was conducted on IRC , with multiple people asking questions .	5	Third person Singular
The Sunburn missile , with its incredible speed and ability to avoid radar detection , would do terrible damage these ships if Iran chooses to retaliate in the Gulf after an American attack within its borders .	23	Third person Singular
Now that we ’re in 2011 , in an era of modern web standards , it ’s time to say goodbye , " Microsoft says on " The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown " .	24	Third person Singular
When he swivels his head to go for it anyway , tell him sharp " UH UH " gently correct him with a small tug and continue your walk .	8	Third person Singular
For European citizens , it ensures that the public interest is taken into consideration , which is so important to their daily lives .	5	Third person Singular
i need to hav sm good time spent with my gf .. in kerala .. in which all places in kerala shal i expect ambience and privacy for making love .. pls help . thank you	0	First person Singular
As one that s battled hard through many a broken dream Let me say , " in order to rise to the occasion you must be willing to go down with the ship " ,	12	First person Singular
The prosecution was charging he was a rogue using his contacts from former service in both CIA and the ' Office of Naval Intelligence ' .	2	Third person Singular
But that ’s not the case .	2	Third person Singular
It 's fine for ...	1	Third person Singular
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .	33	Third person Singular
It was here they stole a small canoe left by the Australian Aborigines of the region .	1	Third person Singular
The first time they claimed to get reasonable mpg .	3	Third person Plural
Either Stillman knew what he was doing or he did n't .	5	First person Singular
They stopped somewhere to give a man a lift ; he was caught in the lights , hat in hand ; only his clean white shirt had shown on the dark road .	0	Third person Plural
However , there was no further public recognition of her wartime resistance and humanitarian work until after the end of communist rule in Poland .	9	Third person Singular
I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed .	14	Third person Singular
Everyone was friendly from the receptionist to the surgeon herself , putting me at my ease and explaining the whole process , both initially and then as we went along .	1	Third person Singular
Mrs Weasley fussed over the state of his socks and tried to force him to eat fourth helpings at every meal .	13	Third person Singular
For a split second , Uncle Vernon stood framed in the doorway ; then he let out a bellow like an angry bull and dived at Harry , grabbing him by the ankle .	29	Third person Singular
Sara is working on that with Susan Bailey , another paralegal in our Group .	1	Third person Singular
I was already a vegetarian when I read it a little more than a year ago , but it was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan .	1	Third person Singular
He was speedily reassured , and with a large , white , rascally grin , and a glance at his charge , seemed to take me into partnership in his exalted trust .	0	Third person Singular
It was unconscious , this smile was , though just after he had said something it got intensified for an instant .	1	First person Singular
i have tried " braining " both live and dead pinkies , and bloodying them up to get his attention , but he does n't care .	14	Third person Plural
the room you sleep in is best ( seeing you so relaxed that you are sleeping will send the message that everything is OK ) , but others will work just as well .	5	Third person Singular
As soon as they leave they are forgotten .	3	Third person Plural
They climbed two more flights until they reached a door with peeling paint and a small plaque on it , saying Ronald 's Room .	6	Third person Plural
Countless times , Harry had been on the point of unlocking Hedwig 's cage by magic and sending her to Ron and Hermione with a letter , but it was n't worth the risk .	18	Third person Singular
It makes life very difficult for Members , Commissioners and the press .	1	Third person Singular
When you take a warm shower and build up steam , his cage will collect water , the bedding will absorb much of it , and will not be able to absorb the urine quite as it should .	23	Third person Singular
As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable , it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .	14	Third person Singular
They will not kill mice but they should keep them out of areas where the product is applied .	6	Third person Plural
When they land , they strike other particles which may be jerked into the air in their turn , starting a chain reaction .	4	Third person Plural
only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine .	18	Third person Singular
I refer to the entire area between Pakistan and Morocco , which is predominantly Arab , predominantly Moslem , but includes many non-Arab and also significant non-Moslem minorities .	0	First person Singular
There remained the problem of how to occupy his thoughts as he followed the old man .	11	Third person Singular
And I need to know where to buy the materials .	1	First person Singular
Was it a badge – an ornament – a charm – a propitiatory act ?	0	First person Singular
For our readers who are unaware of your site , could you briefly explain what wikiHow is ?	1	First person Plural
They 've been complete pain in the asses !	0	Third person Plural
There 's the market in Naha , which is great .	1	Third person Singular
If you know someone who might fit the bill ask them to contact me and / or send me their resume .	19	Third person Plural
After you have had the chance to review the attached , please send me a marked - up draft and we can discuss our concerns from there .	23	First person Plural
can anyone tell me exactly what it is and what took place ?	6	Third person Singular
She is very conscientious about what she signs , and who initials what .	0	Third person Singular
I reckon old Dobby was sent to stop you coming back to Hogwarts .	0	First person Singular
Volatility of USD / DM has been in the range of between 7 % and 11 % .	5	Third person Singular
Martin has yet to finish two of the remaining books in his acclaimed series , currently billed as " The Winds of Winter " and " A Dream of Spring . "	1	Third person Singular
Would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller meeting in October when we should have worldwide buy - in and commitment to these standards and ( hopefully ) our first draft of a meaningful exception report ?	15	First person Plural
At one time , some thought he had been spotted in Iran .	6	Third person Singular
It was incredible what a good player Alena was .	1	Third person Singular
If they 're going kinda slow and like fake biting ( not biting as hard as they can ) , and fake scratching ( not hitting as hard as they can with their paws ) then they 're playing .	36	Third person Plural
While I left a you a phone message with some information about our project , I thought I could give you some additional details by e-mail as well ...	1	First person Singular
For instance , you might say something like , " I do n't know why every song on the radio nowadays has a Texas Flynn feature . Does he even have time to record between rehab stints ? "	10	First person Singular
I have seen horses Loose Nails On there Own And do just fine with ONE nail gone Now if he had left out 2 or 3 I would be wondering to ...	0	First person Singular
It 's so much fun !	0	Third person Singular
Are there any major differences between them ?	6	Third person Plural
Elliott was attending his father 's funeral on the day of the race .	1	Third person Singular
She was determined to make no end of fuss to get me appointed skipper of a river steamboat , if such was my fancy .	0	Third person Singular
I was a prospect , an exotic prospect in old tennis shoes and a sweatshirt .	0	First person Singular
There is n't much to see in the delta , it 's a lifestyle not a resort area .	11	Third person Singular
The best pizza ever i m fat so i ve had a ton of pizza other than pizza from chicago it s the best	20	Third person Singular
Also , an independent who does not claim to belong to either camp , Edward Yiu of the Architectural , Surveying , Planning and Landscape constituency , defeated his opponents and was elected .	28	Third person Singular
This period begins and ends with two tragedies :	2	Third person Singular
My sister in law told me about this amazing new crepe place in town , I was so excited I just wanted to go and test it out for my self !	15	First person Singular
If I had time to drive to Tacoma before they closed during the work week , I would just so I could get those boots fixed properly again .	16	First person Singular
That 's all right , officer , this is Colonel Bray .	8	Third person Singular
Dr. Fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the Soper River .	3	Third person Singular
From the delectable Antipasto Misto to the Spaghetti alla Barese and the Parmigiana and ending with gelato , all was mouth watering .	19	Third person Singular
Had a meal in this pub and i have to say it was excellant .	7	First person Singular
My brother said they only had full - auto and semiautomatic during Vietnam .	3	Third person Plural
Well last night while I was sleeping , my hamster escaped from his cage .	5	Third person Singular
I go in about every morning to get bagels for myself or my co-workers and the employees at Max 's are great !!	10	First person Singular
Richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit .	4	First person Singular
No matter what state I am in when I arrive , I always leave feeling better .	5	First person Singular
I did all my research and am well prepared to keep one , I 'm 14 by the way	6	First person Singular
At the very worst , they could take on new identities , live under different names .	5	Third person Plural
certainly they have n't much to offer when they look for jobs with the BBC .	1	Third person Plural
Afterwards I took it back when it was borne in upon me startlingly with what extreme nicety he had estimated the time requisite for the ' affair . '	7	First person Singular
We thought it was funny .	2	Third person Singular
My advise to all is I have fallen into this trap ... pl ensure you do nt !!!	0	First person Singular
On the other side of the flag there was a chart of the manual alphabet – LEARN TO SPEAK TO YOUR FRIENDS – that showed the hand positions for each of the twenty-six letters .	8	First person Singular
He struck a match , and I perceived that this young aristocrat had not only a silver-mounted dressing-case but also a whole candle all to himself .	25	Third person Singular
To be precise , we know that he wrote mystery novels .	4	First person Plural
Mr. ARCHIBALD : I mean , at that time , I was 28 ; George would have been 25 or 26 .	3	First person Singular
" The governor believes it was the defining moment , when what was a mounting problem turned into an instant crisis , " Maviglio said .	3	Third person Singular
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .	10	First person Singular
I refer to the entire area between Pakistan and Morocco , which is predominantly Arab , predominantly Moslem , but includes many non-Arab and also significant non-Moslem minorities .	20	Third person Singular
He did not even give me the chance to say i would stay on the ventilator longer , which i would have .	19	First person Singular
With a Pizza Hut , IHOP , 3 Starbucks , Chili s , Panera , and Chipotle on campus ALONE , VCU has some of the best eating options for students .	22	Third person Singular
" [ Ten ] years ago , a browser was born .	9	Third person Singular
why do nt you get some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does something right .	16	Third person Singular
And then I noticed that I cheat a little bit when I write them down .	2	First person Singular
In the past Muggle Quidditch has mainly been played at colleges in the US , but over the last few years there has been a dramatic rise in the number of community teams .	22	Third person Singular
In the time it takes me to explain she grasps and loses the words , grasps and loses phrases as they go past .	3	Third person Singular
Well , this matter was in dispute .	4	First person Singular
You know , nature hates a void . :)	4	Third person Singular
I do n't know about birding in that part of the world but you might possibly find help at this site : http://www.wildlifeofpakistan.com/PakistanBirdClub/index.html	0	First person Singular
It would be , he said , without taking notice of my irritation , ' interesting for science to watch the mental changes of individuals , on the spot , but ...	4	Third person Singular
At this stage , it still seems a little too soon to take a final position on this question .	6	Third person Singular
how do i get to paris cdg airport to paris montparnasse ?	2	First person Singular
The reason he said he did n't put that nail in was because he " did n't want to risk it " with my horse 's horrible feet .	20	Third person Singular
If such a decision is taken with respect to only one of the acceding States this Treaty shall enter into force for that State on 1 January 2008 .	10	Third person Singular
This is one of my favorite places to eat for lunch .	4	First person Singular
They bake bread fresh daily , they do n't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it , and the meat is always fresh .	23	Third person Singular
He is a young pup and will learn over time and consistency in his training .	0	Third person Singular
I have many friends that have laptops bought in the UK that use them here	13	Third person Plural
The constituency is in the council area of North Kesteven , where 62 % of voters backed leaving the EU .	2	Third person Singular
The locker room is certainly lacking - I would never shower or change there .	7	First person Singular
I think to say it was unexpected is inaccurate , because it implies that there was a well-founded expectation of something .	4	Third person Singular
... Nope and I am proud of it ... because my teacher have nt taught us that yet ...	15	First person Plural
It has also opened VW up to huge compensation claims , legal action and has seen it take more than € 16bn of provisions .	1	Third person Singular
Little by little , Quinn began to feel cut off from his original intentions , and he wondered now if he had not embarked on a meaningless project .	16	Third person Singular
Do n't eavesdrop , but when they 're talking to you or to those around you , listen to them .	19	Third person Plural
Pinching encourages the plant 's energy to be directed into its stronger stems and leaves .	10	Third person Singular
The Moldovan airline is Aerocom , and yes , it 's one of Victor Bout 's .	10	Third person Singular
Hey there yourself ,	2	Second person Singular
The room is silent , none of the other children volunteer .	2	Third person Singular
I tamed them in 4 days .	0	First person Singular
THIS IS THE WORST SCHOOL I VE BEEN TO !!!!!!	1	Third person Singular
The passionate beginning , the long openness and understanding between them should have meant that she would know what he wanted .	15	Third person Singular
Sandi sez it 's actually happening at 10 AM and it 's renewable - focused .	2	Third person Singular
The President will be expecting me to have come for you with the Mercedes , but , honestly , if I 'd have waited to get it I would have turned up I do n't know when .	27	First person Singular
I hope I can return the favor in the future !	0	First person Singular
They said they were " unable to tell me until they ordered my dress " .	0	Third person Plural
When their precious cartoons are released I highly doubt it will look like the end of the world .	6	First person Singular
B&B came out very quickly to give us our quote back in June .	8	First person Plural
What we are trying to do is solicit votes for the band , in order to put them in first place .	1	First person Plural
There was silence and then he heard that there were voices in the silence droning somewhere , breaking off for breath , laughing – not softly , but softened by being almost out of earshot .	5	Third person Singular
Ironically sometimes it is wise to leave the newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs .	3	Third person Singular
This I would have read without flinching in Chicago but in Jerusalem I flinched and put the book down .	12	First person Singular
And now 2 months after my last appointment I am better than ever .	9	First person Singular
However , outside Paris everybody is wonderful .	5	Third person Singular
Oh well , I 'll get it when it comes out in Febuary .	8	Third person Singular
Also encourage your recipients to forward this along to their contacts , and so on , so that the movement to help her grows exponentially .	23	Third person Singular
when the door opens , he will get that the one room is hers , and he will be OK with that .	5	Third person Singular
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone .	4	Third person Singular
Its struggle against the Ottoman Empire in the Mediterranean Sea put serious limits on the military power it could deploy against the rebels in the Netherlands .	0	Third person Singular
yet to understand the effect of it on me you ought to know how I got out there , what I saw , how I went up that river to the place where I first met the poor chap .	14	First person Singular
That 's what I mean –	1	Third person Singular
When she was a tiny little kitten she looked like those twinky snack cakes .	1	Third person Singular
Wilkins also said Warhol was both an artist and a businessperson .	4	Third person Singular
Autumn is from mid August onwards as far as the weather goes if not officially according to the calender .	11	Third person Singular
He says , I have to have an exact ADDRESS .	3	First person Singular
i do nt want him to get dehydrated and also should i try to give him a little bit of food ?	15	Third person Singular
Flip the switch and adjust your laser sight according to the directions in the owner manual that comes with the laser sight .	17	Third person Singular
The woman who had dozed beside him all night communicating the intimate rhythm of her breathing but never exchanging a word , suddenly began to talk like a bird who has the cover taken off its cage .	6	Third person Singular
I 'm pretty sure it 'll be worth it .	8	Third person Singular
Dash it all ! I thought to myself , they ca n't trade without using some kind of craft on that lot of fresh water – steamboats !	7	First person Singular
But , you could live where ever you fancy takes you .	9	Third person Singular
I hope everything went all right and that Harry is okay and that you did n't do anything illegal to get him out , Ron , because that would get Harry into trouble , too .	21	Third person Singular
My oldest female and youngest male do this - I just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like chicken liver ( cooked ) for the anemic one , some arthritis stuff for the oldest .	9	First person Singular
I 'm just trying to make up my mind whether I should move to Australia or seek work in the sex industry .	10	First person Singular
Bangs said although the number of elk has not declined very much since the wolves came back , their behavior appears markedly different .	7	Third person Singular
Still , it was painful , and he struggled desperately to swallow his pride .	7	Third person Singular
Perhaps that 's why a surge of tears clouds his pupils while the syllable of time unearths his crop and surrenders his mystery to the bound waters .	9	Third person Singular
I had hear great things about Phet and G&G Automotive so I decided to give him a try .	15	Third person Singular
In order to design this curriculum we follow a four step approach with a Working Out Loud - principle ( Williams , 2010 ) :	6	First person Plural
The menu has the usual but then they step it up another notch .	7	Third person Plural
It 's ok with me .	4	First person Singular
I have to admit that I had serious misgivings during the first reading of the directive .	5	First person Singular
i just love him to death .	0	First person Singular
The optimistic view is that those , like me , who find ourselves fearing the relative wage distribution of the future as a source of mammoth inequality and power imbalance simply suffer from a failure of imagination .	3	Third person Singular
For example , in my made up language , ' Vogelaviatiolap ' means Bird .	4	First person Singular
Institutional recipients , said Mauer , are required to exhibit their donated Warhol photographs every ten years as one stipulation .	10	Third person Plural
We got there , and we were treated to the free " upgrade " of a room with two double beds .	0	First person Plural
Four guys around a large square open hibachi cook your food , and when it 's finished a server brings it to your table .	19	Third person Singular
If space is minimal , or you are keeping him in there to be kept away from other pets , then I can understand why you would choose to keep him there .	2	Third person Singular
As to EPM like Shee said being in MI we 've had to deal with it .	9	First person Plural
Christ , you 'd think America would get a bit tired of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing but gullible idiots .	18	Third person Singular
I asked her if she had any relatives that would want to know of her whereabouts .	2	Third person Singular
Feel you 're surrounded by infinite peace and happiness , and feel that your own sense of existence is in direct contact with that endless peace and happiness all around you .	18	Third person Singular
And on April 3 his chief aide in Najaf was suddenly arrested along with 13 other members of his organization , and the Coalition forces are put into violent conflict with his organization , which leaves 7 US soldiers dead .	18	Third person Singular
They are invoicing for this and I do n't have an invoice for it .	0	Third person Plural
She is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out .	13	Third person Singular
But he suffers the severe effects of the aftermath , and we are all suffering along with him now , since he is the most powerful man in the world .	21	Third person Singular
yes do not hold any animal s mouth shut it wil close their air way , he s just a kitty and they are very rambunctious , get him toys .	9	Third person Singular
Nevertheless this places Karzai in a difficult and sensitive situation because he has to maintain excellent relations with both the US and Iran .	2	Third person Singular
My dad just does n't understand ?	3	Third person Singular
I 'm currently 12 and I get about 20 dollars a week for lunch , sometimes a bit more , I plan to save 10 dollars every week :)	5	First person Singular
Usually they blow dry it out and i have to wait until i wash it to see what it will look like in its natural state .	4	Third person Singular
We land and spill out and go our separate ways .	7	First person Plural
In the Harry Potter series written by JK Rowling the main wizarding sport is Quidditch .	13	Third person Singular
The labor - participation rate for women with post - secondary education is 64 % , far exceeding the 35 % rate for those with only a primary or middle - school education .	12	Third person Singular
This is the year you 're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world , as expansion is the theme .	22	Third person Singular
Old time grocery , best steaks I have ever had !	6	First person Singular
He was drinking .	1	Third person Singular
she was eighteen at the time of the wedding , and Bernard - François fifty .	1	Third person Singular
My husband and I happened in on a whim .	3	First person Singular
We did n't know what we were going to land up doing , either .	0	First person Plural
Foster 's washed up . A has-been . A mean-faced bozo . Quinn chewed his food carefully , feeling with his tongue for stray bits of bone .	14	Third person Singular
Last year was an incredible year and I ’m ready for us to come back even better in 2017 .	2	Third person Singular
She ’s a strawberry blonde , slim , her skin blank and virginal as new butter .	8	Third person Singular
But it can not be avoided .	1	Third person Singular
Six black men advanced in a file , toiling up the path . They walked erect and slow , balancing small baskets full of earth on their heads , and the clink kept time with their footsteps .	13	Third person Plural
I am 61 now so I really started when I was about 10 years old even though I had seen and worked with some basic tricks a few years earlier .	17	First person Singular
Unfortunately , they are talking about moving it so it will be on the year before the Paralympics .	2	Third person Plural
Her high school graduation picture was an aerial photograph .	5	Third person Singular
I am just middle aged and do not want to die , but thanks to this doctor i have no other alternatives .	1	First person Singular
Why does it always have to be my deals ...?!!!	7	First person Singular
When she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney .	1	Third person Singular
I agree with you .	0	First person Singular
You 'll note we offer a couple of versions of some books .	3	First person Plural
One member actually was convicted of beating his teen daughter unconcious when she ran away from ' marriage ' to her father 's own brother .	20	Third person Singular
My house was empty and cold .	2	Third person Singular
He looked at his hands , saw that they were dirty , and got up to wash them .	0	Third person Singular
He is trapped by the Abbé Herrera ( Vautrin ) in a convoluted and disastrous plan to regain social status .	1	Third person Singular
My hair is uneven and it looks rediculous .	0	First person Singular
I highly recommend Debi , she does an amazing job , I " love " the way she cuts my hair , extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .	32	First person Singular
This frightened me so that I did n’t dare turn .	5	First person Singular
I 'm in all week .	0	First person Singular
She seems to lope one stride and trot the next and repeat ...	1	Third person Singular
