The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter , the president of the Independent System Operator , acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .	4	2
No matter when you buy you will get a newer version .	5	3
You can check that out as well , to confirm that this is all real , and for a worthy cause .	8	1
The Director , satisfied the anchor had good hold , made his way aft and sat down amongst us .	2	0
‘’ President Musharraf promised to help us and cooperate with us on curbing terrorist activity by the Taliban , ’’ says Karzai .	1	2
Book readers evidently have n't got the passionate intensity of sports fans . "	12	0
Nobody can claim that the interference of Afghanistan ’s neighbours is over , but the elections will do much to strengthen Karzai and deal more firmly with neighbours ’ interference .	28	1
Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources i ve been looking at ?	9	1
How did the CPA get to the point where it has turned even Iraqi Shiites , who were initially grateful for the removal of Saddam Hussein , against the United States ?	17	4
He was very clean , very nice to work with and gave a very reasonable price .	6	1
... but basically , what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy ... lots of patience , lots of time , lots of praise , lots of treats , and lots of repition .... Right ?	0	0
The Communist party has the largest number of registered party members in the country and can be considered as the oldest popular political party in Iraq .	11	1
The essay , published as Undersea , was a vivid narrative of a journey along the ocean floor .	12	2
Today 's announcement is an affront to the thousands of dedicated men and women at Johnson Space Center , the greater Houston community and the State of Texas , and I m deeply disappointed with the Administration 's misguided decision .	7	2
He had kept up , since he finally left Africa ten years ago , a close contact with Adamson Mweta and the other leaders of the African independence movement .	17	1
If they 're OK with it , we 'd like to execute it as soon as possible unless there are any objections .	22	0
I have told a French girl I liked her , and she accepted .	2	2
It would n't be the first time he 'd collapsed on a delivery .	4	2
( 13 ) It may be necessary and justified to establish specific quantified ecodesign requirements for some products or environmental aspects thereof in order to ensure that their environmental impact is minimised .	19	1
Someone said , Watch out for the man from the CIA .	10	2
The McCutchan Art Center / Pace Galleries at USI bases its exhibit around roughly 100 Polaroids selected from its collection .	6	2
Please let me know what type of statement I should make back to the customer .	10	2
Author of Italian chess book .	5	0
By comparison , it cost $ 103.7 million to build the NoMa infill Metro station , which opened in 2004 .	0	1
The analysis shows a direct link between the number of cigarettes smoked in a lifetime and the number of mutations in tumour DNA .	18	1
US outsourcing special ops , intelligence to Iraq terror group , intelligence officials say	2	1
nevertheless , in this event these coping strategies may assist .	1	0
If the Israelis and the Palestinian leadership can not find a way to reinvigorate the peace process , cells of radical young Palestinians may grow up that look to bin Laden for their cues .	27	4
out of carnival , royal caribbean , and norweigan ( cruises ) which is the best and why ?	0	1
Published in 1609 , the Sonnets were the last of Shakespeare 's non - dramatic works to be printed .	13	0
The attached documents include the GA II Settlement proposal , an Attachment ( a copy of PG&E 's proposed Gas Rule 27 ) , and a set of supporting workpapers .	19	2
3 . Is there any cheap way to give it a shine like I made it in a kiln ?	16	1
Jan Smutney - Jones , who was the ISO board chairman at the time and executive director of a group that represents power generators , said Winter did not consult him about eliminating the price cap .	6	6
This Treaty shall enter into force on 1 January 2007 provided that all the instruments of ratification have been deposited before that date .	9	1
It is also called “ T-town ” by the locals and has been called the " Oil Capital of the World " .	15	0
When common sense takes a back seat to politics and legal mumbo jumbo what have we become ?	16	2
Take your time and really explore the Maya sites , walk for miles along the Gulf of Mexico , attend a village festival , photograph the wildlife , crawl through a cave or swim in a cenote .	17	2
They sell feed and milk bottles at the front and I recommend you buy lots .	6	1
The report also found alterations of ecosystem processes such as carbon cycling and storage .	11	2
to the extent reasonably practicable , the Uniform Resource Identifier , if any , that Licensor specifies to be associated with the Work , unless such URI does not refer to the copyright notice or licensing information for the Work ;	10	0
A large central market and numerous small shops are found all around the main plaza .	6	1
Londoners flocked there to see the first part of Henry IV , Leonard Digges recording , " Let but Falstaff come , Hal , Poins , the rest ... and you scarce shall have a room " .	31	1
CAMBRIDGE – The promise that each generation will be better off than the last is a fundamental tenet of modern society .	19	1
Researchers have been investigating potential for male hormonal contraceptives for around 20 years .	4	2
I 'll just echo both other answers .	0	4
If I can get a few minutes with Mark H. today , I 'm going to propose that I speak to Stan Klimberg about getting this signed before Thursday 's meeting with LIPA .	24	1
The purpose of harmonised standards should not be to fix limits for environmental aspects .	7	2
Some parts of this same outer circle actually operate as a result of fear from , or blackmail by , the inner circles .	16	1
Whether you start the year as a single person looking for a partner , or you 've been married for many years , happiness in love does lie ahead .	10	1
My bday is Saturday :) and I wan na have breakfast / lunch with my fam .	13	1
Frequent travelers and executives are among the masses that get a lot of discount in the airfare .	8	1
We had 30 guests for the event , and everyone came away from the evening impressed with not only the food , but the outstanding service as well .	14	2
The area that now encompasses Phoenix was a center of the Hohokam culture , which built large canal systems and a network of towns and villages , whose remains may be viewed in the city to this day .	20	2
The quote is from an article entitled " Vegetarianism and ` The Other Weight Problem ' "	9	1
Finally , a question regarding timing .	2	2
Or more if you have drinks .	3	3
63 - Percentage of oil the United States imported in 2003 , a record high .	6	2
$ 7.22 t - US national debt by mid-2004 .	9	0
It is in many ways the birthplace of Classical Greece , and therefore of Western civilization .	16	0
" Thou art growing less doltish and more shrewd every day , Sancho , " said Don Quixote .	16	2
You can get peppermint oil in most health food stores and even some major grocery stores . [ 2 ]	10	1
Ripple effects are causing project slowdowns ... ”	1	2
You mean , how did we manage to make it all happen so quickly , right ? :)	3	1
That said , I hated this restaurant .	3	4
Let 's discuss exactly what is involved here -- confidentiality , etc .	8	0
Dr. Wallen and staff was excellent .	2	1
Usage of product barcodes and smooth maintenance of inventory with proper recording of transactions like sale , purchase and returns was never easy before .	2	2
The Hank Green I know is hardly awesome .	8	0
You just need basic information , and answer a few questions like what hospital was the child born at / who was the doctor ....	2	4
In Danish , the word may even apply to shallow lagoons .	7	2
What was your first reaction upon learning there was an undiscovered ecosystem under the ice in the Ross Sea ?	12	1
At this rate we may have to start pinning notes to your shirt to remind you to do things .	5	2
And they seem to be posted at fairly regular intervals ?	5	2
OK , perhaps it was inevitable .	4	6
i doing a research paper on donatello and i notice that there are two statues of David , a bronze one and marble one .	18	2
By 1998 , Zawahiri had determined that the Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States and hold off on further attacks against the Egyptian regime .	26	1
Egypt did not use poison gas against Yemen in the 60's because of Israel .	12	1
The next morning , and for many mornings to follow , Quinn posted himself on a bench in the middle of the traffic island at Broadway and 99th Street .	28	2
The air , the very air , is thought-nourishing in Jerusalem , the Sages themselves said so .	8	2
She gave a small , self-questioning shrug , admitting the glibness of another kind of daily talk in another time .	17	1
" But the bottom line is that the ideas protected by IP rights are the dynamo of growth for developed and developing countries alike .	3	1
Timothy Odara 's eyes were closed ; leaning against the wall he kept his lips drawn back slightly , alert .	8	1
There 's one thing I 'll do for you , though .	7	1
too many bugs some you even never seen before .	4	3
Anthony Sill Legal Counsel Uecomm Limited 126 Trenerry Crescent Abbotsford , VIC 3067 . Ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 Fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 Mob. 0417 575 920	1	2
Some reporters ( you know , the ones with journalistic ethics ) have actually uncovered the truth about George Bush 's service in the Texas Air National Guard .	14	2
You can randomly select items from a row or column field and group them into higher-level groups .	4	2
" I find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world 's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as " good news , " Gore said .	10	1
For generic drugs at the end of a patent or other protection period are of course useful .	14	1
Or was that a later one ?	2	2
Yep , we like to just make our own original content , and , yep , that 's what we wanted to do .	8	1
Eugene A. Nida ( November 11 , 1914 – August 25 , 2011 ) was a linguist who developed the dynamic-equivalence Bible-translation theory and one of the founders of the modern discipline of Translation Studies .	9	2
01/12/2001 01:14 PM	0	1
The only thing that was edible was the steamed rice and the vegetable lo mein was barely tolerable .	13	2
Male mosquitoes do not bite , so their release presents no health risk , and , because their progeny die , no genetically engineered mosquitoes persist in the environment .	23	2
The wit and wordplay of Much Ado About Nothing , the charming rural setting of As You Like It , and the lively merrymaking of Twelfth Night complete Shakespeare 's sequence of great comedies .	2	1
they save me from having to deal with Tmobile ...	3	1
Harry could make out Hermione 's neat writing , Ron 's untidy scrawl and even a scribble that looked as though it was from the Hogwarts gamekeeper , Hagrid .	27	0
We all regret that the European Committee for Standardisation ( CEN ) has not been able , in the required time , to carry out the amendment of the provisions necessary for the required harmonisation within the European Union .	23	2
Suerat ( any works on paper ? -	3	2
I 've stayed in a more expensive hotel there , but you can check some travelguides or tripadvisor ?	15	2
More time with your family ?	2	1
In order for the Enable system administrator ( SA ) user name check box to be enabled , the following must be true .	20	2
Leave the straps fastened and twist-tied to the bib when you throw them in the dryer .	11	4
Isfahan International Airport or Isfahan Shahid Beheshti ( IATA : IFN ) was a military air base before the revolution .	16	2
In the world of " Wei 's magic cubes , " all seem to be ingeniously planned and tricky .	14	2
putting the girl in her territory will make her feel less afraid , and she will relax .	5	2
Dr. Fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the Soper River .	6	1
Change anything you need to but try to keep this article as close to original as possible .	15	1
Ron held it at arm 's length as it kicked out at him with its horny little feet ; he grasped it around the ankles and turned it upside-down .	20	4
ANA took this approach by creating a Facebook page to acquire interested users for ongoing messaging opportunities and developing a compelling advertising campaign .	9	1
Usually you have the main show and some type of entertainment before and perhaps afterward .	4	1
Filter settings are retained when you move or remove a field .	3	3
Hundreds of persons mounted demonstrations against the Fallujah campaign in Tikrit and Huwaijah , as well , according to az - Zaman .	5	1
Finally , now that I am discussing resources , new technologies and speaking time , my own speaking time has elapsed .	17	2
Its projected demand , boosted by a huge rise in car ownership as well as the need to find alternatives to polluting coal for electricity generation , has contributed to the surge in the price of oil this year .	5	1
Afraid I do n't have time today to discuss these , but some stories need attention :	16	0
In addition , LTTE activity in the Andaman Sea is well known to local observers .	1	2
" That 's very generous , " I say .	8	4
His father , seeking to instill the same hardscrabble work ethic which had gained him the esteem of society , intentionally gave little spending money to the boy .	28	0
TIME : 8:00 PM Eastern Standard Time	1	0
Having secured the bordering regions of Macedon , Philip assembled a large Macedonian army and marched deep into Thrace for a long conquering campaign .	24	0
He remembered having read somewhere that the eyes were the one feature of the face that never changed .	10	1
Europe should not be completely absent , as the states tend to want .	7	1
However , the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list .	25	3
All had turned over in the barrel of the world and steadied itself again .	11	2
Nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at the time the penal offence was committed .	16	2
It does seem that Iranians frequently make statements and then hide behind lack of proof .	0	5
Shakespeare 's next comedy , the equally romantic Merchant of Venice , contains a portrayal of the vengeful Jewish moneylender Shylock , which reflects Elizabethan views but may appear derogatory to modern audiences .	16	2
When I tried to return it they refused , so I had to leave without a refund and still hungry .	2	4
It is always interesting what spin the press will take .	3	1
Everything about the place is magical and the people are mostly friendly .	12	0
Should the statue of David be censored ?	4	2
He was speedily reassured , and with a large , white , rascally grin , and a glance at his charge , seemed to take me into partnership in his exalted trust .	17	2
To truly make a glowstick without breaking an already-made glowstick and shoving its contents into a tube ( also known as cheating ) , you 've gotta let your inner scientist out ( along with a few dollars ) .	23	0
Thanks Cheveux !	2	0
The investors put big bucks into the building but are clueless about what makes a good dining or bar experience .	2	4
" No , I do n't think so . "	9	0
The " trillion spore " issue was at the heart of a lot of mistaken theories of the matter concluding that state sponsorship was necessarily indicated .	16	1
After a couple of weeks I got tired of them .	0	1
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	20	1
Zurbarán ’s cycle of Jacob and his Sons has been on display in the Long Room at Auckland Castle for over 250 years .	9	2
Women usually have more childcare and household responsibilities than men , which make it difficult for them to devote as much time to farm work , or even to supervise hired labor .	4	2
He picked one up and saw that the pages had the narrow lines he preferred .	14	4
Such measures include information exchange ( seminars , workshops , meetings and conferences ) , placements and exchanges of staff , as well as technical , scientific and operational back-up .	25	0
If she is nicer when you are alone I 'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend .	14	1
I just hate to see the poor dears experience a slow painful death that way :( .	4	2
I am a new patient .	3	1
I assume this is akin to why McDonald 's trademarks " Mc " Everything ?	10	0
The Americans detected the attempt to infiltrate the urban areas and were already redeploying troops from the rural areas .	19	0
Water from the rivers is used in over 500 hydroelectricity power plants , generating as much as 2900 kilowatts of electricity .	6	1
The yarns of seamen have a direct simplicity , the whole meaning of which lies within the shell of a cracked nut .	11	2
You can be absolutely sure , says Shahar , that the Prophet Jeremiah passed this way .	4	1
Bottom line is that when it 's a small privatly owned resturant like this is you can tell that the owners and employees take pride in their product and service .	25	1
First of if i went alone on a regular cabin how much would you estimate it would be just a guess .	4	4
So they see the pictures flicker slower and there for it seems choppy to them .	7	1
okay .... I have a dog and my mother is really really terrified of hamsters .	12	1
The Pakistani press reported that she was nabbed in Karachi after being spotted at the airport in late March or early April 2003 .	16	1
As a result , the legislation is complex , hard to understand and difficult to apply .	12	1
Yemenia Airlines offers one flight per week on Thursday morning .	9	2
I do realise that this is only a small step towards increased transport safety , but I would ask you to endorse this report .	2	5
My page jumped out of bed as if crazed , looking more dead than alive , and you can imagine how I felt when he cried , “ They 're already being presented to the king ! "	12	1
It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who does n't know anything about it and get them to initial it .	19	2
I must confess I am totally surprised that the Commission was not aware of this report , given its sensitivity at this particular time .	0	4
Protect the buses and they will explode in movie theaters , concert halls , supermarkets , shopping malls , schools and hospitals .	5	2
Their head of nature policy , Jeff Knott , stated : “ I ’d be amazed if either a ban or licensing was introduced off the back of it ” .	10	0
When he tried to call again , he could no longer get a dial tone .	9	1
A pair of military pilots embarked on China 's second manned space flight early today , hurtling into orbit on a test mission that could span five days .	7	2
The labor - participation rate for women with post - secondary education is 64 % , far exceeding the 35 % rate for those with only a primary or middle - school education .	13	1
Once Shakespeare mastered traditional blank verse , he began to interrupt and vary its flow .	1	1
The Marshall Plan did not include the Soviet bloc , thereby reinforcing the Cold War division of Europe .	8	2
Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality : PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	6	2
I talked with Gary Wilson , and he confirmed that the revised values are correct .	1	4
They do n't just dump your ingredients on and cook either , but carefully separate meat to the hotter parts of the grill and still manage to keep the veggies from turning to mush .	26	1
The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date ( or start date ) to the Termination Date ( or end date ) .	25	0
The daytime temperature varies ; in January , it is about 24 ° C ( 75 ° F ) and in June , about 35 ° C ( 95 ° F ) .	8	5
Going to Fiji and i can not wait ?	5	2
It has got very spacious rooms , furnished completely and neatly .	1	6
Authorised by Ariel Sharon to make " unrestricted " strikes , its military launched new missile attacks overnight .	10	0
THE MANAGER CAME OVER AND SAID HE WAS SORRY AND GAVE A NEW BATCH OF WINGS , HE SAID WE CA NT REALLY DO ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS ARE ALWAYS OPENING AND CLOSING .	10	4
For weeks , reporters scoured Alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the National Guard there .	13	2
Pound for pound , mountain lions eat more game and more livestock than wolves .	11	2
Successful Stormtroopers share a high-five .	1	2
John Donovan from Argghhh! has put out a excellent slide show on what was actually found and fought for in Fallujah .	21	0
The North Carolina Constitution likewise affirms the “ inalienable rights ” of human beings to " life , liberty , the enjoyment of the fruits of their own labor , and the pursuit of happiness . "	12	1
The price is quoted in JPY ( the ' Foreign Currency ' ) per US Dollar ( the ' Base Currency ' ) .	16	0
Shorts and sleeveless shirts are highly inappropriate , as are short skirts .	9	4
I have a new born daughter and she helped me with a lot .	9	4
The only difference we had was for package V02 .	5	6
43.6 m - Number of Americans without health insurance by the end of 2002 ( more than 15 per cent of the population ) .	22	2
I turned to Whitman to find some understanding of what is happening in the world right now .	9	1
He 's pretty much an " I love American Food , good drinks on occasion , laid back . " kind of guy . ;)	8	1
Relief agencies are trying to help hundreds of thousands of displaced people while authorities have vowed to restore security in New Orleans following a breakdown of law and order .	18	2
why do nt you get some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does something right .	18	2
If I threw him against a wall and still conscious he will run away , do I hang him by the tail so the blood can flush into his skull ?	14	0
The doctor bares my mother ’s arm , where the crepey flesh hangs loosely on the bones .	17	0
how are vietnam and Afghanistan alike ?	2	2
In the first eight days of January , eighteen US troops have been killed in Iraq , compounded by another twelve deaths from a Black Hawk helicopter crash on Saturday .	23	2
I saw lots of videos about this , but actually it did n't help .	2	2
Carnival has been called the WalMart of cruise lines ...	4	2
He said the top three cartoons will be announced on September 2 , with the winners being awarded prizes of 12,000 , 8,000 and 5,000 dollars respectively .	7	2
As you may recall , they say they want a deposition on the parties ' intention .	15	2
The prosecution was charging he was a rogue using his contacts from former service in both CIA and the ' Office of Naval Intelligence ' .	18	2
I also have a powerhead , getting another soon .	7	1
Not worth the money .	0	1
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking to recreate Mohammed 's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on Egyptian leaders .	12	2
As of today , we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders ' letter dated November 16 , 2000 .	15	2
The train pulled into the station , and Quinn felt the noise of it shoot through his body : a random , hectic din that seemed to join with his pulse , pumping his blood in raucous spurts .	35	1
Do n't feed them broccoli , cauliflower , garlic , onions , head lettuce .... they are all too difficult for them to digest .	18	1
The mass murder happening right now in Sudan , where the Arab Moslem regime is massacring its black Christian citizens , has nothing to do with Israel .	10	2
In other words , the unpredictability of historical events like those in Ukraine has to do with an element of uncertainty in human identity .	3	0
However , the filter settings are retained , so that when you turn autofiltering back on , the data that was previously displayed or hidden is again displayed or hidden .	9	1
We are run as a Hybrid Organization - a for-profit company focused on achieving a social good .	2	2
The Effective Date ( or start date ) is 01 Oct 2001 .	11	1
He has said that the Iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes needed to weaponize anthrax .	11	2
Irregularities in menstruation will be cured .	0	2
He was deposited in an office on the 33rd floor where a pricy church lawyer interrogated him for two hours . "	18	1
it s great to know you can get great service , great product , and for the best price all in one !	6	2
What we are proposing specifically is a unified capital tax , which would make it possible to boost the funds used to support the harmonisation of social protection systems and the reduction of working hours at European level .	10	0
I aspire to your feeding regime , flakes early and something live later in the day .	2	1
I have a hamster , and mice and rats like to escape .	12	0
Most of the deals let you eat for 500 ff , and some of the deals are even free .	1	1
When the ship passed Stromboli at night , there was a streak of crimson lava flowing from the volcano and the sailors would n't leave the television set to look at this natural phenomenon .	2	2
I was not used to get things that way , you know .	8	2
She was 84 years old .	3	2
UVB and basking temp ( should be about 110 F for a baby , 95 F for an adult ) should be available for 10 - 12 hours a day .	7	1
If you want to plant the basil in a container , make sure it 's large enough to accommodate the number of plants you 're growing ;	1	3
All the food tasted excellent , and with the new renovation of chairs and the bathroom , it is awesome .	16	0
When he tried to call again , he could no longer get a dial tone .	13	2
Helps in self - expression and develops one 's potentiality .	9	2
We piled enormous amounts of pollution into the air and into the water .	2	1
Properly-fitted ballet shoes should be snug , but not so tight they cut off blood flow and create numbness in the feet .	8	2
We are looking forward to seeing you on September 12 .	7	1
They do n't just dump your ingredients on and cook either , but carefully separate meat to the hotter parts of the grill and still manage to keep the veggies from turning to mush .	28	2
Oh my gosh , they are great !	6	1
49 - Percentage of Americans in April 2004 who found that their taxes had actually gone up since Bush took office .	7	1
no feathers in stock !!!!	0	1
He opened his eyes to make the words stop .	2	4
No one 's going to hire you if you ca n't even spell , especially if you 're a high school graduate .	3	2
One such murder , with the help of hysterical media coverage , can destroy the tourism industry of a country for quite a while , as it did in Bali and in Turkey .	24	0
Mr. Crawford threw several punches at the assailant before he was stabbed in the heart .	9	5
This drawing up was the founding act of Roman law , the institutions of the Roman Republic and the mos maiorum .	10	0
Hence the lack of solitude , the inability to be alone in the spiritual sense , and to arrive at a life of intellectual creativity . "	0	1
At first glance , for a city of 760,000 and agglomeration of 1.428,000 , there does not seem to be much to see .	9	1
With these operating standards implemented worldwide , we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure Enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide .	14	2
In one of the worst accidents to have occurred recently , the goods being transported were not dangerous in themselves .	7	2
Ok , calm down , it 's not like he 's some stranger that came up and groped me lol .	19	1
Excellent answer googlenut .	1	2
The question must be put as directly as possible : what manner of maniac would undertake a path so fraught with peril and potential economic catastrophe ?	19	1
Someone observes that the Church is a worshiper of success and always follows the majorities .	6	2
Places like Dartmouth are supposed to be tourist towns and should provide foods for people of all religions .	12	2
The new rocket design will differ slightly from it's predecessors , in the fact that the crew and cargo would launch separately from two different rockets each and join up in space later on .	30	1
I have been extremely pleased with the signs and pop - up banners she has supplied to me over the years - a truly first class family business run by Tina and her husband Chris .	20	2
Kesha and Pebe co-wrote the song " Stephen " together when Kesha was 16 , Kesha then tracked down David Gamson , a producer that she admired , from Scritti Politti who agreed to produce the song .	9	1
And there is another topic which is very important in mathematics which is called representation theory .	12	6
My next - door neighbor heard the noise and turned on a light , thankfully scaring the two miscreants away ( they even left their hammer behind ! ) .	17	1
In his dream , which he later forgot , he found himself walking down Broadway , holding Auster 's son by the hand .	10	4
It did so again during this legislature , in July , and then , in September , it voted once more to approve the whole Commission .	18	5
Gerry pleasantly said " since I am already here why do n't we give it shot .	15	2
$ 1 m - Estimated value of a painting the Bush Presidential Library in College Station , Texas , received from Prince Bandar , Saudi Arabia 's ambassador to the United States and Bush family friend .	0	0
" If a school bus carrying fifty children drove off a cliff , killing everyone involved ... that would be a tragedy " .	14	2
It was like walking into a furnace : nearly everything in Ron 's room seemed to be a violent shade of orange : the bedspread , the walls , even the ceiling .	9	2
I find in Elie Kedourie 's Arabic Political Memoirs facts unknown to most about American diplomacy in the late forties .	0	4
Add the flour , cocoa powder , baking soda and pinch of salt to the mixing bowl .	9	1
Do you strip every woman because one pretended to be pregnant and carried a suicide bomb on her belly ?	14	2
Ukraine will stand up to the bully – on our own , if necessary .	5	2
Pets Discount has lovely employees , a wonderful grooming service , and everything I need to keep my dog in tip top condition !	7	1
I told Paul that you called him yesterday so abruptly because you did n't want to waste his time while you got tests done for arthritis .	8	1
A year ? Six months ? ... What ?	2	0
They can move the fields that are displayed in the row , column , and data area of the PivotTable list , or add or remove fields from the list .	22	1
In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .	6	2
let him out for half an hour , to explore .	6	2
This clause included the time taken to travel to clients ' homes in working hours .	2	4
Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $ 400 !!	15	6
Musharraf told Clinton he could n't use Pakistani soil or air space to send the team in against Bin Laden .	20	0
We just did a deal for the rest of the month for 10,000 / d at meter # 1552 QE - 1 @ $ 4.355 .... can you let me and Robert Lloyd know what the sitara # is ?	24	1
A reconciling difference of $ 15 mm exists between the reported DPR and the final accounting p&l as generated on the AS400 .	16	2
I hope that we can give you some time savings by eliminating any nonessential requests .	0	4
But today , unable to see the end of war , he has lost the sensation of being borne upon any such wave .	5	2
I do n't know the best way of doing it .	9	5
Balzac never lost his penchant for une bonne spéculation .	1	1
The consul and his wife had been swept into some back room by the presence of aides , secretaries , and the necessity to keep their cats out of the way of Lady Dorothy 's dog .	36	0
IE 's various versions accounted for 70 percent of the market in 2009 ; this has dropped to approximately 56 percent today .	12	1
Considering Socotra is a fairly new eco-tourism destination , their facilities are decent .	4	1
I think she likes her special room in your house .	6	2
But the real fear comes from the undisputed fact that no defense and no preventive measures can succeed against a determined suicide murderer .	12	1
In addition to their awareness and training content , the Pericles actions have led to a number of structural and other improvements in Member Sates and in third countries .	15	3
Very efficient at treating chronic pain !	2	1
okay .... I have a dog and my mother is really really terrified of hamsters .	0	1
maintain strong prudential controls on capital flows , or be prepared to invest a large share of resources in self - insurance by accumulating large foreign reserves .	25	1
The Arabs have shown no inclination toward Communist ideology and their oil continues to flow to the West .	2	4
* Offers a 7.5 cent / dth rate to large customers while minimizing rate changes to other customers , minimizing the incentive for these customers to seek to bypass local transmission charges and other CPUC - approved charges . *	0	0
Many Taliban living in Afghanistan voted for President Karzai .	3	1
When you have invasive surgery you could also get infections , accidental nicks and cuts that cause other problems too !	10	0
Saudi officials had already provided safeguards by installing an oval wall with padded edges to protect pilgrams from a crush , installed security cameras and placed over 60,000 security personnel in the area .	10	2
Almost embarrassed by the intensity of his feelings , Quinn tucked the red notebook under his arm , walked over to the cash register , and bought it .	10	4
we will not go over Global 's piece of the Cargill line ...	7	2
Pro-Beijing DAB 's Starry Lee and Holden Chow were successfully elected in this constituency , while pro-Beijing veteran politician Wong Kwok-hing of FTU was defeated by 10,694 votes by James To .	27	2
It is a bustling place where separate parties are seated at the same table ( as in many European cafes ) , but if you are OK with that , the food is very good .	21	0
I have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket line at the Payne Creek site today .	14	2
A century earlier , the French physiocrats Quesnay , Turgot , and Condorcet did not see how the share of the French labor force employed in agriculture could possibly fall below 50 % without producing social ruin .	4	2
1 ) Service and manners were nonexistent .	3	1
So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)	27	1
She highly recommended him and described him as the " Saintly Instructor and Simply the Best Instructor there is .... very calm , pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions " .	16	2
You ca n't have met many decent wizards , said Harry , trying to cheer him up .	5	1
Al - Qaeda wants them , Iran wants them , Russia wants the better ones , and all the US wants is to give them all a piece of coal .	16	1
County Kerry is the worst affected .	4	2
Later , when Augustus founded the Roman Empire , the Romans referred to the Mediterranean as Mare Nostrum ( " Our Sea " ) .	20	3
But you cannot repeat mistakes because the world is not built on repetition ; it ’s built on mutation .	8	6
Are you in the office to initial signature pages today ?	5	1
I will be carefully researching vets before I take my dog someplace else .	11	2
You can specify the font and font size for text in a control .	6	2
The terms of office of the newly appointed members shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office at the time of accession .	15	1
Abnormal feathering , constant preening , or delays in egg-laying are all signs of a stressed chicken .	6	1
The wake also included the night sit were friends and family sit up through the night with the remains .	13	1
Lynda is professional and has great compassion for animals .	5	1
" As an example , consider the treatment of the civet cat , a highly intelligent and sociable animal .	6	2
It has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time , the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .	31	2
The Arab Revolt which began in 1916 turned the tide against the Ottomans on the Middle Eastern front , where they initially seemed to have the upper hand during the first two years of the war .	17	2
But , without strong domestic support for change , the impact of such meetings is limited .	6	1
i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland , would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall ?	7	3
We are only doing public domain works , for a number of reasons , partly to keep simplicity in our copyright situation -- public domain means it s as simple as can be .	0	4
At the age of six , I myself wore a tallith katan , or scapular , under my shirt , only mine was a scrap of green calico print , whereas theirs are white linen .	15	0
" Inhibitory systems are essential for controlling the pattern of activity in the cortex , which has important implications for the mechanisms of cortical operation , according to a Yale School of Medicine study in Neuron ....	28	2
I will never purchace another vehicle from Vic Canever .	7	2
The spokesman did not rule out the possibility that others would also be investigated .	6	2
Today , it is the primary safety law affecting virtually all ships , regardless of country of registration .	11	2
During the 2013 off - season she appeared on CTV Montreal as a guest weather anchor .	0	1
I would like to see the quotes and a description of the work to be done .	15	3
More significantly , China holds a large portion of the American economy in the palm of its hand .	12	1
This makes your first language a proto-language — a language that branches off into a family of languages .	5	2
The world was outside of him , around him , before him , and the speed with which it kept changing made it impossible for him to dwell on any one thing for very long .	2	6
n3td3v saw this story on BBC News Online and thought you should see it .	12	2
It shall promote understanding , tolerance and friendship among all nations , racial or religious groups , and shall further the activities of the United Nations for the maintenance of peace .	27	2
And , she granted , “ you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different — we can do better — and where she has expressed regret . ”	29	1
We went with Intrepid as a part of their North to South Vietnam Trip , but they do offer this one day separately .	7	1
And there is another topic which is very important in mathematics which is called representation theory .	16	0
You are in a city like many another well , not quite , for Jerusalem is the only ancient city I 've ever seen whose antiquities are not on display as relics but are in daily use .	13	1
As an overview , this proposal : * Maintains the basic Gas Accord structure in place today for the period 2003 to 2007 . *	15	2
“ You want it ? ” she says .	0	0
Mr Weasley took a long gulp of tea and sighed .	9	4
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted via e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .	3	0
or has acquired some type of disease and that too needs to be attended to ...	3	1
She was Rebecca , Rebecca Edwards , like a big , untidy schoolgirl in her cotton shirt and sandals , the car key on her forefinger jingling harassedly .	0	5
He did not ask me to sit down after my twenty-mile walk that morning .	11	2
Funny how some things are squirelled away by well - meaning prosecutors ...	2	1
Unlike the introverted Hamlet , whose fatal flaw is hesitation , the heroes of the tragedies that followed , Othello and King Lear , are undone by hasty errors of judgement .	26	1
Because elevator rides usually last less than a minute , make sure your pranks are quick and have a lot of punch .	3	1
" That 's very generous , " I say .	7	4
The Toronto office will be video conferenced in .	8	0
A week before , China 's second biggest state oil firm had signed a $ 70 billion deal for oilfield and natural gas development with Iran , which already supplies 13 per cent of China 's needs .	13	2
Ironically sometimes it is wise to newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs .	9	1
Humans have five core competencies as far as the world of work is concerned :	3	2
It was a woman who opened the apartment door .	6	2
He heard Dando , forced by the old Labrador into the garden , walking about outside the guest hut and talking reproachfully to the dog ;	11	2
Like The Two Gentlemen of Verona , in which two friends appear to approve of rape , the Shrew 's story of the taming of a woman 's independent spirit by a man sometimes troubles modern critics and directors .	33	1
This assistance shall fund institution - building projects and limited small-scale investments ancillary thereto .	14	0
Feed the babies 3 - 4 times a day with flakes .	9	1
It appeared , however , I was also one of the Workers , with a capital – you know . Something like an emissary of light , something like a lower sort of apostle .	3	1
If you have a pet store near buy some wheat , pigeon corn or even mixed bird seed will do , but do not feed bread .	5	2
About enabling the System Administrator ( SA ) user name in an Access project	11	2
Place the cotton balls in areas where mice are likely to enter your house , by doorways , or heat vents , etc .	19	2
The rate schedule on Tennessee should be either NET - 2 or NET - 284 .	11	1
If your visa does not restrict you from taking any work in New Zealand then you can work in any sector .	12	2
Bisconti wanted over $ 300 to fix my laptop and these guys fixed it for $ 90 !	2	1
No one is left out ; there are clear references to women , for example .	12	0
Key EU programmes between 1989 , 1993 , 1994 and 1999 have certainly helped to improve the economic competitiveness of peripheral countries and Objective 1 regions within Europe .	17	1
Limerick 's a great student city , there 's loads on , you 'll be spoilt for choice .	6	0
You can make the word ' pen ' as ' penn ' or even ' pen ' .	5	0
The answer lies in one now - familiar name : Jack Abramoff .	12	0
The Greek Orthodox Church estimates that number is closer to 40,000 .	9	1
I 'm more than happy to help people with the site or answer any questions about Action Network - just drop me a message .	20	3
When the bars were safely in the back seat with Ron , Fred reversed as close as possible to Harry 's window .	20	1
Chuck and Gretchen were very positive , and when Alan 's refused to work on my bike , Chuck came right out and saw the problem and did what Alan 's mechanic would n't do .	31	2
He loves to flirt with her when Cyprian 's not looking , but get her doing her marvellous wriggle on the floor and he just stands there like Andrew , dragging his feet .	16	5
There were light bulbs representing the stars and line drawings of the celestial figures .	7	1
He did not even give me the chance to say i would stay on the ventilator longer , which i would have .	0	5
In Wei 's art , a logician could see mathematical logic , a cellist could see a ripple of nine bass notes , a country girl could see straw , and Harry Potter could see two accompanied green blazes .	23	2
" Well , if you ever just want to see me I 'll come out and look him over and then we can grab a coffee after . "	3	1
( 6 ) A coherent framework for the application of Community Ecodesign requirements for EUPs should be established with the aim of ensuring the free movement of those products which comply and of improving their overall environmental impact .	26	1
I do n't remember near which station it is though .	5	1
In the summer he watched baseball on television ; in the winter he went to the opera .	10	2
If you are familiar with Microsoft Excel PivotTable reports and want to work with the data in Excel , there are two ways to accomplish this .	10	4
Claudio De Vincenti , undersecretary to the prime minister , said " a discussion table will be opened with the non-profit associations , religious association included " ( ( it ) ) .	31	0
' To make money , of course . '	3	2
In the end , it was etiquette that decided .	1	2
Economics will be a big determiner in the speed of their program . "	11	2
With regards to religious practices , Fiorello was educated within the Episcopal Church , and remained a member of the Protestant Church throughout his life .	21	2
You might be able to make a version of your setup work , but it would take quite a bit of charcoal and a lot of forced air .	27	2
i cold n't find anywere else local to fix it so i took it there and they fixed it for $ 150 ...	18	5
I have purchased over 15 vehicles ( cars , rvs , and boats ) in my lifetime and I have to say the experience with Michael and Barrett Motor Cars of San Antonio was one of the best .	19	4
And every computer manufactured in both Ireland & the UK are Region 2 aka PAL .	8	2
John , sorry for the late response , but I think you can implement immediately .	11	3
bit of a stupid question but do the spikes / spines ( whatever you call them ) on their side and face area ever go hard .	8	2
Athens ( Greek : Αθήνα , Athína ) , is the capital city of Greece with a metropolitan population of 3.7 million inhabitants .	8	0
We had no choice but to stay but will take this as far as we can .	15	2
so any price you find , DOUBLE IT figure , $ 40 K at least .	1	1
They shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union if the texts in the present languages were so published .	12	1
We will be targeting to raise at least $ 100,000 so company contributions will range from $ 10,000 - $ 20,000 per person ( $ 10 k minimum per person ) depending on the number of respondents .	0	4
Northeast of Temescal and near the Berkeley border lies Rockridge , a neighborhood mixed with family friendly and artistic vibes .	7	2
Many tens of thousands of acres were planted in citrus and cotton and other crops , and for many years , intensive , year-round irrigated agriculture formed the basis of the economy .	5	2
Tindi Kente is a wonderful dancer , wonderful , is n't she ... just like a snake brought out by music , and sometimes he 'll try with her .	21	0
Under the leadership of Governor Bush and others we have made real progress in Education in Texas over the past decade .?	10	2
Born in England , Norton spent most of his early life in South Africa .	6	2
" Like many Texans , I am disappointed with NASA 's decision to slight the Johnson Space Center as a permanent home for one of the Space Shuttle Orbiters .	2	1
Also if they have diarrhea , check in with your foster coordinator .	5	0
He took the time to explain things to me about my computer , i would recommend you go to him .	13	4
Since then we have decided to have them manage our other investment properties as well as we getting older and can no longer perform all the inquires .	24	1
Remember to notify the local policeman , or Ministry of Fisheries officer if you are entering New Zealand via the Chathams .	7	1
Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis ( and assume everything will work out at month end ) ?	32	2
I flew around like mad to get ready , and before forty-eight hours I was crossing the Channel to show myself to my employers , and sign the contract .	26	2
These visitors are sometimes treated as if they were the heroes of an Arabian Nights ' tale .	2	4
He kept on looking out watchfully .	0	5
then let her out for ten minutes .	7	0
Marcelo L. Meira Sr IT Developer Enron Networks - Houston , TX ( 713 ) 345-3436	10	0
Hands - down the best pasta and gnocchi I 've ever eaten ( and I 've eaten a lot ) .	13	1
In earlier periods the large majority of participants were law enforcement agents , reflecting the priority to establish closer professional ties for a more efficient fight against euro counterfeiting .	16	1
Here 's a story ... as I was waiting at the bus stop ( 7:35 am ) to go to school , a lady approached me and asked if I 'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus .	1	6
And he strode away , head and shoulders taller than anyone else in the packed street .	14	2
The design of the model and its potential economics could be key to how worthy the effort might be .	7	1
It might just be coincidence or the fact those great big trotters with those extremely long backs lost a bit of fine coordination to get those gangly bodies around those tighter turns .	24	2
I wonder what becomes of that kind when it goes up country ?	0	4
There is currently no simple way for the system administrator to create new logon accounts to the locally installed SQL Server database except by using SQL Tools or Transact-SQL ( TSQL ) commands .	7	2
Hosting a huge financial center , with outsize domestic banks , can be costly to taxpayers .	3	1
it s illegal to sell stolen property , even if you do n't know it s stolen .	2	1
Terminals are numbered from 2 - 4 .	0	2
49 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president in May 2004 .	19	1
Besides works whose copyright has expired , there is an increasing number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses .	1	2
New Zealand begins process to consider changing national flag design	7	1
He sits with the ease that disguises this sort of tension .	10	2
When Millican died , we assumed that was the last we ’d see of glitchy , twitchy Odi too .	1	2
She deserves many 5 star reviews !!	4	2
Your career opportunities will expand exponentially , and you 're likely to change jobs or positions this year .	7	1
Why did you begin to write ?	2	3
They could leave the neighborhood , perhaps leave the city altogether .	0	4
" It is very dangerous for this country to condone the overthrow of democratically elected governments , " said David Leavy , spokesman for the National Security Council .	6	2
which burger chain do you think is as good as in n out or better in the chicago area besides five guys and smashburger ?	13	1
# 1 it s immaculately clean .	5	1
Imagine the growing regrets , the longing to escape , the powerless disgust , the surrender , the hate .	2	2
With regard to criminal sanctions , the Commission has published two reports [ 5 ] on the implementation of the above-mentioned Framework Decision , which show a satisfactory level of implementation .	13	1
Anyway , I 'm sure I 'd mentioned it before but yes she is a very smart girl .	1	0
As 2005 progresses , the road ahead will become clearer .	5	2
I would recommend to start with something more simple like tin , pewter , aluminum or zinc , they all have a much more reasonable melting point .	6	2
11/13/2000 03:43 PM	2	2
What 've you been doing all these years in your ivory tower in Wiltshire ?	8	1
Thur. Sept. 28 - Paris ( Versailles or Fontainbleu - half day side trip )	14	0
Regards	0	2
In the 20th century , between 1904 and 1914 , Antonio Gaudí brought about a reform that lasted ten years .	2	1
It s important to their religion that they only consume Halal food .	2	1
However , the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list .	26	1
We refuse to play the part of hapless victim in future history textbooks .	8	2
This affair can be seen as the starting point for his career as a radical revolutionary .	9	1
either way you also need to keep an eye on the temperature if you are using a dry fish tank as UV lights in my experience up the temperature significantly and without proper ventilation it can become an oven .	32	1
A narrow road , and on the slopes acres and acres of stone .	11	1
Missed a whole day of work because i am now carless .	8	6
Though '' decided '' is probably not the right word , since from the day they were born , these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders .	3	0
Quinn turned his attention to the young woman on his right , to see if there was any reading material in that direction .	3	2
The Web page designer must also provide an installation point for the components and a pointer to that location on the component installation page .	18	2
( News assistant Bobby Bender recalls the letter containing the items to have been addressed to The Sun . )	4	2
Water the mature basil plants once a day , in the morning , so the water has time to soak in and evaporate rather than sitting on the plants overnight .	8	0
Opening night , January 23 , 2014 , of the Andy Warhol exhibit of Polaroids and screen prints at the University of Southern Indiana .	21	1
Do you think it was an appropriate form of satire for Dan Savage to popularize the definition of the santorum neologism created in his advice column ?	9	2
Karl Rove , Bush 's most senior advisor , notoriously told Republicans on the ballot during the 2002 midterms to " run on the war . "	24	2
Most of the time one is more interested in breeding than the other .	8	1
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .	20	5
I think if you can not afford to get him treated that you should not consider him as a prospect .	11	1
McKenzie , a silver and bronze Paralympic medalist in wheelchair basketball , retired from the game after the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London .	12	4
You can change the color of a control or make it transparent .	12	0
Michael Chestney was very pleasant and patient with my wife and she suggested I go check it out .	3	1
I do n't see Bush doing any of this .	6	1
His relationship with his family was often strained by financial and personal difficulties , and he ended several friendships over critical reviews .	21	2
i count like 14 explosive headlines .	3	1
It is too beautiful altogether , and if they were to set it up it would go to pieces before the first sunset .	8	4
I know by your pyjama trousers , I use exactly the same measurement for new elastic as I always did .	0	4
He got up and went over to the main house for a bath .	8	1
Perhaps something got lost in the translation , but the phrase " Chemical Wire Group " has appeared in all the english Pakistan and India papers .	23	1
I laugh and say , no , that Warwick is in New York , but I 'm at the Radison - Warwick .	4	0
Her flat cloth slippers were propped up on a foot-warmer , and a cat reposed on her lap .	2	2
Her flexibility and accessibility made for an easy closing .	5	1
Save yourself a trip !	2	2
Deco is still with Caoimhe .	4	2
I found Bright Star Tours and Travels and Best and Affordable Tour Operators and Tours Agents in Chennai , India offered me Student Tour India Package for very less price .	13	1
In 1997 , the Thai navy reported the interception of a 16 - meter boat after a chase off the Thai port of Ranong , and the confiscation of two tons of weapons and ammunition .	23	2
In the meantime , could you please provide a contact on your side with whom we could discuss technical issues ?	4	2
But other people do like the way they think he will vote , and the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the ones who oppose him .	14	2
If there is no oppression of Russian speakers in Ukraine , there is no reason to change the country 's political structure .	21	2
I do n't suppose he 's going to turn up for the honour of standing in the crowd and waving a flag , eh ?	13	1
Other Thoughts : Will try this place again .	7	1
" Then I will give you a sandwich , but only on one condition .	1	1
----== Posted via Newsfeed.Com - Unlimited - Uncensored - Secure Usenet News ==----	11	2
Jorge	0	2
Please note that if departing from Europe ( this may apply to other countries ) , you will require to have the visa before boarding the plane .	15	0
I was originally inquiring about purchasing a Cross or Signac impressionist lithograph .	5	1
I was trying to interpret my dreams .	3	1
For example , in recent years Italy has had problems in utilising the Structural Funds , mainly because of excessive bureaucracy , insufficient information and a lack of involvement of economic and social operators at local level .	22	1
Increases the capacity to work until 75 - 80 years of age .	2	2
Getting the Spanish out of Iraq is n't nearly as good a rallying cry for al - Qaeda in the Arab world as getting the Americans and British out .	22	1
At each station , a red - capped guard presides over the platform and a wheel - tapper walks along the train with a hammer , gently knocking the undercarriage .	21	2
The kind of laugh they 've picked up from people like Uncle Willie said Neil .	7	1
The Archbishop , who has himself cooked the eggplant and the leg of lamb , tells the company his recipes .	1	2
The thing is , you still get high quality service at nicely discounted rates !	6	4
You can get more information about the current filter in the Properties dialog box .	0	1
If you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualizations to help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence , try the following before moving onto the more formal method below .	29	1
We have no way to estimate how many times we 've served it overall , but we 're now pouring around ten a night .	19	2
In quick summary , Beyond Control , a local band in our area , is sponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run out .	7	2
It is vital that it is done at the beginning of each ballet session , including before a performance .	0	5
Vijay K. Suchdev Vice President Equity Derivatives First Union Securities , Inc. Telephone : ( 212 ) 909-0951 Facsimile : ( 212 ) 891-5042 email : vijay.suchdev@funb.com < mailto:vijay.suchdev@funb.com >	14	0
( Karachi is in the south ) .	6	0
But Carney argues that , on the contrary , the rest of the British economy benefits from having a global financial center in its midst .	0	1
If the data access page includes any Microsoft Office Web Components ( a PivotTable list , chart , or spreadsheet ) , only users with a valid Microsoft Office 2002 license will be able to use those components .	11	0
Its annual budget is more than $ 1.4 billion , and it employs more than 6,000 people .	8	1
He was discharged when the Continental Army was disbanded in December 1783 .	3	1
It was difficult . She had a distaste for the work .	4	5
This refusal can be interpreted as indirect encouragement of the impunity and immunity of the terrorists of yesterday , today and tomorrow .	7	2
He successfully defended his dissertation in 1891 .	3	4
You want to take advantage of the new features not found in ANSI-89 SQL , such as :	9	1
With the onset of the automobile , public officials reduced the city 's public transportation services without foreseeing the traffic gridlock and smog that would menace the city by the 1980s .	21	1
Best food in northeast	1	2
Using the dictionary can ensure you not missing a single word .	8	2
that open violation of the laws are constantly occurring , caused by mobs , parties , factions and undue influence of political sects ;	12	2
Also , take note of which item is in which box .	4	1
This is an issue which affects aspects of everyday life .	4	1
Since wolf recovery , streamside plants , willows and cottonwoods provide food for other critters -- beavers , a whole variety of avian species , berry - producing shrubs that bears can use .	3	0
We are now suffering from the consequences of our rape of the environment , our rejection of the natural for the industrial , and our embrace of violence over peace .	22	0
The Visual Basic project of a Microsoft Access file contains references to object libraries , and it can also contain references to other files , including other Access files .	12	2
Could be I give so many talks I ca n’t remember .	0	2
Given that financial institutions had been attracting the best and brightest from around the world , one would have expected nothing less .	21	2
Quinn watched them all , anchored to his spot , as if his whole being had been exiled to his eyes .	2	4
i have a 1 and a half year old male neutered cat and a new 2 month old spayed female kitten .	11	2
It can be purchased at the Airport in Cuba on arrival , however it should be noted that many airlines will require a valid tourist visa card before boarding flights .	1	2
The samples we have are small in terms of numbers and they are all preserved in formalin ( a kind of formaldehyde solution ) .	21	2
History is becoming more and more irrelevant .	0	2
She maintained contact all round her as they danced , talking over his shoulder to this one , putting out a broad calloused brown foot in a gold sandal to nudge that one in the calf .	24	2
I moved to Creekside Apartments in August 2008 with a 6 - month lease and have just extended it for another 13 months !	11	0
Public opinion still has no faith in the Commission 's ability to exercise control .	2	1
But if finance continues to take a disproportionate number of the best and the brightest , there could be little British manufacturing left by 2050 , and even fewer hi-tech firms than today .	0	1
Specifically , altering law once it is passed to accommodate his voting blocs .	5	5
When you copy data to a program other than Excel or Word that does not support the HTML format used by PivotTable views , the data is copied as unformatted text .	25	2
With the US military presence posing a threat on their borders in both Iraq and Afghanistan , Iran ’s moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise Karzai so that the US presence in Afghanistan is reduced .	17	2
" Iran has significant capabilities for asymmetric warfare , and poses the additional threat of proliferation .	3	1
I 'll take TCO pool at Index and sale Leach or Pool at Index - $ .04 .	16	1
The municipality of Jerusalem is planning to build a new road and will tear the Jordanian one up .	4	6
You may want to get a temporary phone for your trip to Canada .	9	2
I am a proud owner of a brand new 2010 Hyundai Genesis .	5	1
There 's so much punch packed into this combination that it 's almost scary .	10	5
where can I get morcillas in tampa bay , I will like the argentinian type , but I will to try anothers please ?	16	1
Paul Kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the FERC Meeting that was held Thursday , Nov. 9th .	11	2
The population of Łódź soared from some 4,000 people in the 1830s and 40,000 in 1865 to over 300,000 inhabitants at the turn of the century , which was an unprecedented growth on a worldwide scale .	35	2
Start up your filter ( sponge filters are the best for bettas ) and put in a heater and set it to anywhere between 78 - 82 .	18	1
They watched the moths in the tobacco flowers .	0	4
We have tried many different computer people until now - we will stick with Qualitech Computers !!!	0	4
I 'm not kidding , I once lost a hamster in my house 3 months later I walk down in the basement and it was as big as a rat .	20	2
The two ANSI SQL query modes , ANSI-89 and ANSI-92 , are not compatible .	13	1
And can you tell me WHY that would be a tragedy ? "	12	0
Pan-democrat Gary Fan of the Neo Democrats failed to get re-elected in this constituency , and resigned from his leadership in his party due to its election defeat .	19	2
And when they come back , too ? I asked .	7	0
You have all devoted considerable time , resources and spirit in the preparation of this document - and it shows .?	18	5
I had other projects in the queue that I needed to finish .	4	1
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .	16	2
Oh man , well ?	2	0
Tired of spam ?	1	1
Is it normal for dogs to throw up blood while having gastroenteritis ?	10	1
What 's the best time to start a trip around the world ?	5	1
I recommend to you , even though most of you do not understand Arabic , to watch Al Jazeera , from time to time .	8	1
Turkey and Thailand are mired in political crises that reflect long - simmering domestic conflicts .	11	0
Thanks and Regard	2	2
while you 're unlikely to cause offense if you do , you may well look slightly strange .	4	1
However , on the document , it referred to the database as National Enforcement and Emergency Management Information System and Intelligence System , adding the words " and Emergency " to the name .	17	2
You can even use a made up word from your made up language like ' Victory ' or ' Great Language ' .	15	2
Getting out of the narrow confines of the pipeline simulation industry would be a plus .	2	1
7 - Number of Arabic linguists fired by the US army between mid-August and mid-October 2002 for being gay .	0	1
I would recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a tattoo .	12	0
I really enjoyed reading it .	5	0
Well , they 've been clamouring away , of course , but he 's refused to touch the army .	9	1
NOTICE : This message is confidential .	0	2
He was referred to me by a friend , who did n't have the best experience with Ted , but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end .	21	1
As he weighed sixteen stone I had no end of rows with the carriers .	7	1
He died in Madrid on August 25 , 2011 aged 96 .	0	5
Gazing out across the valley and then calmly at him , she had her look of wanting to find out exactly what they were talking about .	15	1
An official estimate issued in 2003 suggests there are 50,000 " foreigners " in the Andaman Islands , but unofficial figures are much higher than this .	19	1
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas as a location .	8	0
Helen is a wonderful place to take you family .	5	1
Before using FusionRetail Before installing FusionRetail store was running on a dos based software .	10	2
Pictures in a form or report are converted to bitmaps and placed in a folder named " Images " .	2	2
Marx , Karl and Engels , Friedrich .	4	2
You want to bring something back with you from your deep space experience where you sensed your mind merging with the universal Mind .	13	1
I would not have gone back , but I could n't find the particular tire they 'd used in stock anywhere else .	11	2
Please respond to < ekrapels@esaibos.com >	2	1
China has its own reserves of oil and natural gas and once was a net oil exporter .	3	1
I 've a feeling there 's been a terrible mistake .	0	4
1 The rank of the United States worldwide in terms of greenhouse gas emissions .	7	1
Thomas Sam , 42 , and his wife Manju Sam , 36 , from Sydney , Australia , are undergoing trial for manslaughter by gross negligence for the death of their nine-month-old child , Gloria .	1	2
Mozilla Firefox , its main rival , has been actively increasing its market share while the recently released Google Chrome is also quickly gaining users .	17	2
Recently I 'm having trouble training him .	2	4
The first night I dreamed of seeing a stray dog and not stopping to pick it up although it was wandering in an empty parking lot near a busy road .	24	2
Wilkins said , " [ Warhol ] liked the way photo booths and the Polaroid 's front flash looked " .	12	1
They argued self-righteously as two old-maid sisters .	2	1
Below are some emails to friends explaining a little more about this effort .	11	2
The Dursleys had n't even remembered that today happened to be Harry 's twelfth birthday .	8	4
The guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the furniture quickly , Ahmed , was nice and mostly professional , except the semi-sketchiness .	11	2
Before he died of cold , hunger , and exhaustion in Siberia , Osip Mandelstam recited his poems to other convicts , at their request .	18	1
The position is with the EES MMC EAST department / WHOLESALE , RETAIL & COMM , ENRON ENERGY SERVICES .	9	0
some beautiful locations like close to Karol Bagh Shopping Market , Presidential Palace , and Birla Mandir Temple and Connaught Place and Jantar Mantar are near to it .	9	2
EY4096.7 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P - 6,363,217 - $ 55,678	7	0
I lived here for two years when the prices were a little lower :) The places are very nice and clean , and in great condition !	10	2
The woman who had dozed beside him all night communicating the intimate rhythm of her breathing but never exchanging a word , suddenly began to talk like a bird who has the cover taken off its cage .	3	4
Stardust is a NASA space capsule that collected samples from comet 81P/Wild ( also known as " Wild 2 ) in deep space and landed back on Earth on January 15 , 2006 .	26	1
You wo n’t work , you wo n’t party , you ’ll be defriended by every one of your tribes .	4	0
I suspect the streets of Baghdad will look as if a war is looming this week .	2	2
At sixteen John escaped from the Warsaw ghetto , leaving behind his parents and his sister .	4	1
“ There have no business being there unless they are undermining Pakistan , ’’ says a Pakistani official .	16	1
The forecasts of cyclone track and intensity have been fairly accurate .	5	1
In Wei 's art , a logician could see mathematical logic , a cellist could see a ripple of nine bass notes , a country girl could see straw , and Harry Potter could see two accompanied green blazes .	37	1
If Stillman did not show up , Quinn would go straight to 69th Street and confront Virginia Stillman with what he knew .	12	1
As a matter of fact , I had plenty to do in fishing my command out of the river .	4	2
The front - runner for the 2000 Republican presidential nomination faltered Thursday in an international affairs pop quiz posed by Andy Hiller , a political reporter for WHDH - TV in Boston .	13	2
The ancient Olympic Games took place in Olympia from 776 BCE to 394 AD .	1	1
Ken Rice@ENRON COMMUNICATIONS	2	0
‘’ Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , ” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan ’s National Security Directorate .	18	2
At weekend press conferences in Salt Lake City and Phoenix , FBI and state officials said Jeffs " is considered armed and dangerous and may be traveling with armed bodyguards . "	29	2
In the following example , Year is the outer field and Salesperson is the inner field .	8	1
Beth has made our reservations for the Round Table Friday night ( 5/18 ) at Sullivan 's Steak House for 6:30 .	14	1
Monotheism and Holy War obviously does have a violent interpretation of Salafism , rather as the the leaders of the so - called German Peasant Rebellion among early Protestants did .	1	1
Balzac 's vision of a society in which class , money and personal ambition are the major players has been endorsed by critics of both left-wing and right-wing political tendencies .	14	5
After calling the Scientology organization by phone to attempt to speak with his mother , Montalvo was instead put through to a Scientology attorney , Kendrick Moxon .	16	6
Those worthy fellows who 've gone down South to Rhodesia and South Africa where they can feel confident they 'll never have a black man on the Bench to give a verdict as biased as a white man 's .	28	1
However , I was n't going into any of these .	8	1
Moving in this manner was difficult for Quinn .	7	2
Susanna is the best dress maker / tailor I 've ever come across in my whole life !	6	0
Hong Kong Island was ceded to Britain , and certain ports , including Shanghai and Guangzhou , were opened to British trade and residence .	20	1
Just by talking to them ?	3	1
It 's difficult to do anything with that place now ;	3	1
Malaysia and Indonesia have maintained a policy of turning away boats of migrants which , according to AFP , the Untied Nations and United States have both criticised .	10	2
Auster was somewhat reticent about it , but at last he conceded that he was working on a book of essays . The current piece was about Don Quixote .	0	2
I can tell you that the British Government is aware of its regulatory requirements on Objective 1 additionality .	15	1
China 's insatiable demand for energy is prompting fears of financial and diplomatic collisions around the globe as it seeks reliable supplies of oil from as far away as Brazil and Sudan .	18	5
We are thinking of adding a Patent Pending message to key EnronOnline pages ( like the homepage ) .	7	2
You 'd need their Apple ID and password , if you had that then yes you can track any iPhone .	10	3
It was the biggest thing in the town , and everybody I met was full of it .	10	2
I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .	28	0
Colorful lantern scenes not only fill the central square but also the surrounding 2 km circumference of the memorial .	8	2
If they smell strongly earlier , test with a wooden skewer ; if it returns clean after sticking into a cupcake , they 're ready .	4	2
It can also be dangerous if you use toxic chemicals and poisons .	0	5
It is far simpler , however , to achieve a trillion spore concentration in the production of a few grams than in industrial processing typical of a state sponsored lab .	9	2
More than two billion people around the world live in areas prone to iodine deficiency , and yet the problem is easily fixed .	21	1
Auster 's apartment was on the eleventh floor , and Quinn rang the buzzer , expecting to hear a voice speak to him through the intercom .	14	0
This country can do with a few more white people like you , take it from me .	7	2
Balzac never lost his penchant for une bonne spéculation .	7	1
In the three years I have been here , I am unaware of an ENA / ECT bad faith claim against any insurance company .	24	0
I believe it is workable , though it may be somewhat complicated .	5	0
You do not have to claim that the holocaust never happened , and that the Jewish temple in Jerusalem never existed .	4	1
Feed the babies 3 - 4 times a day with flakes .	5	1
reasons for going into war	0	2
Jim Lobe has more on the political implications of the Fallujah assault , both in Iraq and in Washington .	6	1
He listened to the bush and had the old feeling , in the bush , of being listened for .	6	4
to the extent reasonably practicable , the Uniform Resource Identifier , if any , that Licensor specifies to be associated with the Work , unless such URI does not refer to the copyright notice or licensing information for the Work ;	37	1
Depending on the election year --	0	1
I will put this on our calendars .	7	0
Do n't label boxes with contents if the contents are valuable .	10	1
Make $$$ .	1	2
In the current study , those respondents who indicated more than one race were coded as “ mixed race ” .	16	0
Pretending he had n't noticed this , Harry sat down and took the toast Mrs Weasley offered him .	6	0
For two weeks he had been tied by an invisible thread to the old man .	4	4
Then place in the freezer for 2 hours .	4	2
Noticed a few of these Cookie cutter places opening in Summit and New Providence .	9	1
As of April 1828 Balzac owed 50,000 francs to his mother .	4	1
Though there are a few draws for the traveler , West Oakland is dominantly a very poor working-class residential neighborhood with a less than spectacular reputation .	18	1
We know that the refiners already have refineries producing clean diesel , but not for Europe . For the United States and Japan .	21	1
Text the other person a brief message asking them about their day , asking them a specific question about work or school , or simply saying " Hi ! " .	14	4
Also keep in mind whether you want to be able to jump up from the ground , if you even need to , etc .	17	1
No Russian - speaking refugees from eastern Ukraine or Crimea have fled into Russia , and no Russian - speaker has sought political asylum anywhere else outside the country .	11	2
There were screams from the dining room and Uncle Vernon burst into the kitchen to find Harry , rigid with shock , covered from head to foot in Aunt Petunia 's pudding .	32	0
The wit and wordplay of Much Ado About Nothing , the charming rural setting of As You Like It , and the lively merrymaking of Twelfth Night complete Shakespeare 's sequence of great comedies .	24	1
She wore a starched white affair on her head , had a wart on one cheek , and silver-rimmed spectacles hung on the tip of her nose .	26	2
In 2001 , according to Indian army officials , security forces launched a wide - ranging operation in the 300 - some inhabited islands neighboring Andaman and Nicobar , and found huge caches of arms .	7	2
Also , would those of you who have not responded to me via email confirming your acceptance of the terms upon which our four companies have agreed to assume cost responsibility for the TCA work on this .	33	2
For most people , receiving compliments is only fun up to a point — getting more than one or two can make someone feel embarrassed and self-conscious .	2	2
To do this , drop areas must be shown in the chart .	7	2
We went in for a third visit and they fixed it again , but this time when we picked up the car , the radio and clock did not work .	28	1
How about empanadas arabes or other empanadas from that area of Argentina ?	7	1
Remember that there is a nine-hour difference between Sochi and New York , and a 12-hour difference between Sochi and the US West Coast .	10	2
Everything is white and hospital-like but there ’s no examining couch .	3	1
Malfoy bent down to examine a shelf full of skulls .	2	1
It 's enough to make your hair stand on end , said Dando ; and enjoyed the effect .	16	2
Quinn did not say anything .	5	0
Yeah you got ta burn it .. that s the only way	0	1
Do n't go here unless you want to sit , order , eat and be asked to leave all in a matter of 20 minutes .	3	1
Best in HR so far !	3	1
Tina Anselmi was born on the 25th of March , 1927 in Castelfranco Veneto ; she grew up in an anti-fascist Catholic family , which was marked by the persecution of her militant socialist father .	1	2
If you would , please review the entire list and let me know if you are in agreement with the presentation by tomorrow evening , if possible .	2	2
The present research represents a first step in exploring the impact of transmedia systems , as exemplified by Game of Thrones , through the study of fans .	19	1
Hamnet died of unknown causes at the age of 11 and was buried 11 August 1596 .	11	6
I see this proposal as establishing some sort of precedent .	2	2
They , too , need weekly cage cleaning and can cost quite a bit .	4	4
Ahmed Al - Chalabi and defense minister Hazim Al - Sha'lan have been engaging in shrill public attacks over the media .	19	2
The window did n't break !	3	1
Sections 1 , 2 , 5 , 6 , 7 , and 8 will survive any termination of this License .	13	5
And that huge load was passing into the people that ate this meat .	7	2
I took the weekend off and came in and asked for the manager who is Jeff and he remembered her right away even remembered her dog , I was a bit shocked that someone would pay that close attention .	37	1
Take the mouse to an emergency vet and have them use CO2 to put the mouse to sleep .	8	3
I 'm in all week .	0	4
It did not occur to him , however , to consult his watch .	10	2
The radar system for which Alvarez is best known and which has played a major role in aviation , most particularly in the post war Berlin airlift , was Ground Controlled Approach ( GCA ) .	7	2
It was the fault of the parts supplier , and can we imagine how he felt having to put another 2 hours of work in the car .	0	5
Cures kidney and gall bladder troubles , gastric trouble , dyspepsia , acidity , dysentery , obesity and liver diseases .	5	2
Fresh Design Studio helped jump - start my own business by providing affordable and effective marketing materials : logo , flyers , posters ad design , and more .	12	1
Well , yes , well-informed people do have this information in their files .	10	1
I mean that was discussed in U.S arms control journals , that they would have to regard as a potential threat to their strategic deterrent , meaning as a first strike weapon .	10	0
If you used to make $ 100 k and now only make $ 30 k , this is not long term viability .	11	4
If this is a solo jump , which constitutes the minority of skydivers , your only recourse is to ensure that at least one of your own chutes opens .	11	1
Or you could just scoop them out when the color dissolves .	6	1
Of course the paper written by Mr Eichelberger and his Egyptian collaborators states that the purpose of the Nasser seizure of power was " to solve the pressing social and political problems which made the revolution necessary . "	12	6
In our proposals in relation to Agenda 2000 we considered the probable future trend of competition between pigmeat and beef .	18	1
Nevertheless , most European countries still trade with Iran , try to appease it and refuse to read the clear signals .	3	1
If I found a spot , I could nt fit in it .	11	5
He preserved aspects of his earlier style in the later plays , however .	2	2
I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program .	4	2
When Baptist Pastor Stephen Jones talks about what makes for a happy marriage with Janice , his wife of 35 years , one special ingredient might surprise you : Double - dating with coupled friends who happen to be gay .	14	2
I enjoyed your recent e-mail but was sorry to hear about your dad .	3	1
You have heard , of course , that the Ministry is conducting more raids , said Mr Malfoy , taking a roll of parchment from his inside pocket and unravelling it for Mr Borgin to read .	15	4
He was one of the first opponents of the Vietnam War , and is a self-described Libertarian Socialist .	12	1
Have you heard if the Kinga has had little Brian II yet ?	9	2
As far as I can tell , podiobooks.com features " free as in beer " content — material which you can download , but which is n't under a free content license .	20	2
The consul and his wife had been swept into some back room by the presence of aides , secretaries , and the necessity to keep their cats out of the way of Lady Dorothy 's dog .	0	2
Remember that you get what you pay for .	5	3
Now to the poverty stricken and the racial issue ...	0	1
Converting an Access database set to ANSI-92 SQL query mode from 2002 file format to 2000 or 97 file format .	19	2
I found this pure white bird in my neighborhood , its wing is injured , so I 'm currently taking care of it .	6	1
When I inquired he rudely replied " in the morning when things are checked out you 'll get it back . "	15	3
There are , therefore , two points to which I would like to draw the Commission 's attention .	17	2
Marianne : The following are my comments :	2	2
This was the first book Balzac released under his own name , and it gave him what one critic called " passage into the Promised Land " .	23	2
1 K Download	2	2
It varie$ company to company .	0	5
could not find any info online	4	2
It is much easier to prepare than rice and is rapidly gaining in popularity , especially among vegetarians who value its high protein levels .	16	1
the best way to control these pests is to pick them off the plants by hand .	2	2
everyone here is super friendly and efficient !	7	0
The more you know about your audience the better you ’ll be able to tailor your jokes to them .	8	2
There are 50 of them , 48 located from Maine to Florida and California to Washington State and all in between .	1	4
Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter to chapter .	8	2
He was drinking like a fish , every night , into the wee hours .	0	5
All I would regret was his prolonged absence from this House .	11	0
I just called again and was told that workmanship , not wood , is guaranteed for a year - well in my opinion - the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship !	11	2
They need to see the political dimension working , to see that officials accept their responsibilities and that there is communication with the citizens .	15	2
The sales staff and the installation staff were all easy to get along with .	10	1
While L'Enfant was in New York City , he was initiated into Freemasonry .	0	1
Quinn flapped the red notebook nervously against his right thigh , stood on his tiptoes , and peered into the throng .	19	2
She still has some sort of scholarship but I am not for sure how much it pays .	5	1
In the preface to La Comédie Humaine he wrote :	7	4
I was told to leave a restaurant because I ordered water with my meal ( apparently this is " washing down " your food " ) and not ordering wine .	20	1
Of course law enforcement has dragged it's feet when members are taking part in the activity themselves .	17	0
Harry left through the back door .	0	2
she will start to calm down and feel safe - you can bet she does n't now .	3	1
I think it ’s similar to what Colbert said to Terry Gross .	10	2
" So you do n't know what mathematicians are .	8	4
While the ominous possibilities of heightened Iraqi chaos , missiles in the Gulf , and Syrian involvement loom large if the US attacks Iran , all pale in comparison to the involvement of China in any US / Iran engagement .	7	2
This is a spectacular ship , a very popular choice of families to spend their leisure time .	8	1
Hopefully , the stands Parliament has taken will help , however , in the mid - term appraisal of the programmes and in their practical implementation .	4	2
They would be too scared and spooky .	2	2
They said good night to each other in the bright slanting sun and the Bayley children were already out on the grass in their pyjamas , riding bicycles .	24	2
It is now threatening to pull out of the Allawi caretaker government .	10	2
Kindly confirm your availability to attend an Analyst and Associate Recruiting Meeting scheduled for Thursday , July 26th at 2:00 p.m. ( 4:00 p.m. Toronto time ) .	26	0
The are located right at 248 De Than St. in the heart of the back packer district .	0	1
The essay , published as Undersea , was a vivid narrative of a journey along the ocean floor .	13	2
The exact purpose of these megaliths is still debated , but they may have constituted a Canaanite " high place " from the Middle Bronze Age , ca. 1600 B.C.E.	12	2
" Expect the unexpected , " and enjoy the ride !	4	0
Let me know if you have any questions .	6	1
The swift and indifferent placidity of that look troubled me .	3	1
The writing is simple , yet the individuals ( especially the bourgeois title character ) are dynamic and complex .	7	2
XML syntax ( the tags and their placement in a document ) defines and describes the data in an XML document but does n't indicate how the data should be displayed .	8	1
The inner circles can and must be destroyed by force .	6	2
Fresh basil not only tastes better than dried , it actually tastes different , almost as if it were not the same herb .	7	2
We recognize that the state may not require religious groups to officiate at , or bless , same - gender marriages .	5	2
Wait until the fourth or fifth day of the festival when the crowds will have dwindled .	13	2
Where several versions of a play survive , each differs from the other .	3	1
She also refused to get a manager .	5	2
In 1937 , Nida undertook studies at the University of Southern California , where he obtained a master 's degree in New Testament Greek in 1939 .	10	2
If using a t-shirt to strain , be sure fabric softener or a dryer sheet had not been used with it , lets you get some extra ( unwanted ) flavoring ( and potentially toxic chemicals ) .	5	2
They actively excluded State Department Iraq hands like Tom Warrick .	4	2
Near the end of his life Balzac was captivated by the idea of cutting 20,000 acres ( 81 Km2 ) of oak wood in Ukraine and transporting it for sale in France .	29	2
Port Hutt .	0	2
In some parts of the city , numbered streets intersect , so the distinction is important .	14	6
“ Frankfurt ’s current population is stable at 53 million ” —	5	6
I wanted to volunteer and help animals , and decided to try fostering kittens .	9	4
Israel owes the United States at least this much , in this crisis , to cease militarily unnecessary provocations and establish genuine peace .	8	1
I believe that the Commission 's initial approach was wise , because the problem calls for countless exceptions to the general rule .	21	2
Improving the energy efficiency of products contributes to the security of the energy supply , which is a precondition of sound economic activity and therefore of sustainable development .	10	1
Sara is working on that with Susan Bailey , another paralegal in our Group .	3	1
This company is way too expensive with nothing to show for it .	6	1
" In his own novels James explored more of the psychological motives of the characters and less of the historical sweep exhibited by Balzac - a conscious style preference .	23	1
Trust me and most especially trust and believe in yourself .	6	1
But I would like to say that safety is a priority objective for the Commission .	4	1
However US military officers say regular army officers - many of them Pashtun - leading units of the Frontier Corps who are on the border remain deeply sympathetic to the Taliban and the mullahs of the JUI .	29	2
Took 1 + hour to deliver to Chatham , hair in food , driver did n't know area .	17	2
If no one objects , I will be the lead coordinator on Florida starting tomorrow .	11	1
On September 24 , 1944 , a group of Japanese ships were sunk by American warplanes in Coron waters as the ships retreated from Manila Bay .	4	1
If it is hard to see how Baathist Iraq posed any real threat to Israel , it is not so difficult to see a menace in the current instability .	27	1
I must say , I was impressed with the size of the bar area and lounge , & I liked that you could see the brewery right thru the glass !	2	2
( 7 ) Ecodesign requirements should be set bearing in mind the goals and priorities of the Sixth Community Environment Action Programme , including as appropriate applicable goals of the relevant thematic strategies of that Programme .	4	2
I laugh and say , no , that Warwick is in New York , but I 'm at the Radison - Warwick .	5	1
i usually put my own natural rock over the UTH and they are perfectly fine .	0	4
In 1947 , large scale deep sea fishing was introduced to Coron , and the town experienced another boom , a fishing boom .	16	4
Action Network is also a good place to post details of events , or try to rally together a group if you want to take action in your area .	12	0
Gerry pleasantly said " since I am already here why do n't we give it shot .	9	1
I do n't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it 's getting to be an issue .	0	4
It is also important to narrow the mismatch between women 's abilities and their career paths .	10	1
That is because each and every miracle and each specialized district occupies an entire field .	4	1
In its scope it belongs to the most far - reaching cultures of the time , in which many sites are known .	7	1
<< File : 220b - dg - Agreement for Recruiting Services.doc >> << File : 220a DG - Agreement for Contract Services.DOC >>	16	0
Wait staff is always ready to help if you ca n't decide ( which happens every time for me d / t the huge menu of rolls ) and always courteous !	26	2
The festive dedication took place on April 30 , 1955 .	2	2
Ideally , the password you select should be easy for you to remember but hard for someone else to figure out .	6	5
They assumed a value -- unspecified -- for non-commercial species , and in doing so rendered the warming news a bit less rosy .	15	4
Mr President , Commissioner , I should first like to congratulate Mr Koch on his reports which , though technical , are nonetheless of very great significance for safety .	1	2
Dostoevski , no mean judge of such matters , thought there was much to be said for the murderer 's point of view .	4	2
Aside from the excellent transportation infrastructure that was completed in time for the 2004 Olympics ( from new freeways to light rail systems ) , the city 's historic center underwent serious renovation .	12	2
He makes some good observations on a few of the pic's .	6	2
You can be absolutely sure , says Shahar , that the Prophet Jeremiah passed this way .	15	2
49 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president in May 2004 .	5	1
In October 2001 , did the FBI profilers know of the draft message Khalid Mohammed had on the seized laptop ( from 1995 ) that was signed " Khalid Sheik Bojinka " ?	20	0
My daughter and I stayed here again from the 7th to the 14th of December .	0	3
We are very pleased with the services of First Glass Window .	4	1
Amazingly , these idiots think a cartoon of Mohammed is comparable to what we can expect in this new fun contest :	14	2
A hundred and twenty-two for dinner !	3	1
Best of all , there are no ads !!!! !	2	1
Hair parted , brushed , oiled , under a green-lined parasol held in a big white hand .	4	0
Handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of KSM , Al Qaeda 's # 3 , included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed the recruitment of necessary expertise .	11	1
He had been captured the previous month in Rawalpindi , Pakistan .	0	5
The Corporate requirement to lower working capital usage for the Merchanting business irrespective of the above parochial business issues .	9	2
Dostoevski , no mean judge of such matters , thought there was much to be said for the murderer 's point of view .	6	1
I would n't know -- I do n't particularly like scary movies , and I have n't tried this with my pet .	0	4
Filtering by selection is particularly useful for fields in the detail area , when you want to view all of the rows that contain a particular value .	20	2
While on the outer coastline , breathtaking natural beaches have pure white sand dunes and palm trees .	12	2
The man seemed young – almost a boy – but you know with them it 's hard to tell .	12	1
" When a chicken or another animal with this tendency becomes frightened , its heart rate lowers and it stops moving .	17	1
08:00 - 20:00 .	2	1
They basically buy daily deals from Groupon , Living Social , and all sorts of other places .	3	1
" That is certainly the assumption on which the London market has been built and the line that successive governments have peddled .	3	1
- In terms of costs , the evaluator found that some of the projects were particularly costly and highlighted specific cost items .	15	1
I also had a pedicure , and they cut my nails too short , one of my big toes looks like it s getting infected .	5	0
During the preliminary interrogation , Lone ' confessed ' his involvement in the blasts and gave several vital clues .	14	1
he will reassure himself that no other animal is in there , and that no other animal will come in - he is afraid that he is in someone else 's territory when he is in a new house .	21	5
Medicine , however affordable , is of no value if no one is available to prescribe or administer it .	13	1
it 's no good running to the magistrate if someone needs an ambulance to take him to the next town , for instance ...	23	0
I did n't understand what kind of student she was .	5	2
They picked my car up in Yarmouth and towed to Bath for a great price .	9	1
4 Items for the inner field are repeated for each item in the outer field .	0	1
She added that recent visits to the island by India 's top military brass including army chief General Nirmal Chander Vij have " caused apprehension among Tamils that preparations are under way for another war in the island " .	6	2
It 's a completed term , but it is supposed to come from ' Flap ! '	16	0
giving the new kitten her own small territory will help her to feel safe and will give her a place to go to when scared .	13	1
This is the cage I have whhich is pretty much IMPOSSIBLE to escape from :	8	1
This is to advise you that we have available , for your business or personal use , Stan 's four ( 4 ) WNBA Comets tickets .	2	1
Nina Chahine , 19 , who with her family was among the named plaintiffs in the lawsuit , said her wedding in the southern city of Tyre was set for July 13 .	27	6
The nearest airports to Fort Lee are Newark Airport , LaGuardia Airport , Teterboro ( general aviation only ) , JFK and Westchester County Airport .	17	1
I do n't like to write to him – with those messengers of ours you never know who may get hold of your letter – at that Central Station .	29	0
There are many good options of delicious food on the shores as well .	12	1
It was the favorite fruit of founder Steve Jobs .	1	6
This one person who I never met took a picture of me and sent it to me in an e-mail .	4	4
The President will be expecting me to have come for you with the Mercedes , but , honestly , if I 'd have waited to get it I would have turned up I do n't know when .	35	2
1 ) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and 2 ) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement .	4	2
( I hope that the US army got an enormous amount of information from her relatives , because otherwise this move was a bad , bad tradeoff ) .	24	0
We go to Japaneiro 's all the time and we have NEVER been disappointed !	11	1
Kevin Kindall@ENRON	0	0
He demonstrates an excellent " Judicial Temperament , " being courteous , mild - mannered , respectful of all people ; careful in his work , meticulous in detail .	2	2
If in dongle you mean USB stick then yes USB sticks are the same any were you go :) hope that answered your question .	23	2
Evelyn Odara spoke to her husband as no local woman would dare ; yet he ignored it , as if turning the tables on her with his countrymen 's assumption that what women said was not heard , anyway .	8	1
The doctor has an injection gun and while my mother is focused on my daughter , she puts it firmly against my mother ’s arm and puts the chip in .	5	2
Nota has no swagger but he is war-hardened .	0	2
As a result , a population of just over 100,000 in 1950 has given way to a 2014 estimate of 1,537,058 ( with the metro area estimated at 4,489,109 ) .	5	2
There are different styles and types of shoes , so ask your ballet teacher or a salesman at the store for advice , given your intentions for dancing .	3	2
The town 's death toll may be " in the hundreds " , municipal spokesman Vincent Creel said .	8	1
Mrs Plooij - Van Gorsel , I can tell you that this matter is on the agenda for the Quaestors ' meeting on Wednesday .	13	6
You 'll want to find the right screw reassemble something without having to pick it out of 100 others when you get there .	19	1
Drinks were awesome , prices reasonable , and staff friendly .	3	0
Once Cyclone Phailin comes on shore it will immediately begin to lose strength .	0	1
These include space for dances and music , bar facility , gambling facilities for the elder , spaciously made open area aboard and many such nice facilities .	8	2
So daytime events will be shown live in the United States in the middle of the night , and evening prime-time events will be shown — indeed live — in the morning U.S. time .	34	0
Specifically , what would you have done differently ?	0	1
Tame Horomona Rehe was the last known full-blooded Moriori and he passed away in 1933 .	9	1
Thin translucent shadows move across her — the shadows of the neosilk-and-nanotube filaments that hang the city from the hundreds of five-kilometer-high towers that encircle it .	7	2
I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it : I do n't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says .	2	2
There is no escape from the collective ocean we all swim in .	3	2
It was a pretty stilted conversation for both of us .	8	1
The application allows visualization of the player 's performance and offers the possibility of monitoring by teachers .	13	1
Checked in real late , but staff was very kind and helpful .	7	6
$ 15 m - Amount of a contract awarded to an American firm to build a cement factory in Iraq .	2	1
He will be in Calgary in a couple of weeks and will interview you then .	0	5
A simple formality assured me the secretary , with an air of taking an immense part in all my sorrows .	9	2
Jespersen was a proponent of phonosemanticism and wrote :	0	2
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company ' Moore Noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics .	8	3
Using a field in the Filter axis	3	1
It was surrounded by trees that blocked it from view of the village below , meaning that they could practise Quidditch there , as long as they did n't fly too high .	1	6
It contained details and issues that had already been raised in previous reports .	12	2
It is true that Google has been in acquisition mode .	7	1
Coming to stay , and overstay your three months visit will lead to immediate expulsion and a lifetime ban to immigrate to Canada - NOT GOOD .	24	1
His eyes were permanently fixed on the pavement , as though he were searching for something .	1	2
It is funny what some people will do for a few francs a month .	0	1
Our Wedding 11/7/08	1	2
The question must be put as directly as possible : what manner of maniac would undertake a path so fraught with peril and potential economic catastrophe ?	15	2
I know that if my garage door needs to be repaired , I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors	13	2
Uneasy , you go out to your civilized dinner .	4	1
Wakes are common both north and south of the boarder with Protestants and Catholics alike .	15	0
James , you must come and say hello to Dorothy before we leave .	13	0
In the course of the first three years of the programme 38 projects were initiated ;	11	1
Try the 360 restraunt u spin in the cn tower with a beautiful view the sky pod elevator is about an hour line up in the summer	19	1
maintain strong prudential controls on capital flows , or be prepared to invest a large share of resources in self - insurance by accumulating large foreign reserves .	21	2
I would appreciate the opportunity to visit with you on the 14th .	6	2
Do n’t use a joke until you ’re completely comfortable with it .	9	1
the Pole who had danced the gazatska became the man with whom he gravitated to a quiet corner so that they could talk about the curious grammar-structure of Gala and the Lambala group of languages .	16	1
3 = Number of 11 September hijackers whose entry visas came through special US - Saudi " Visa Express " programme .	14	0
Hence the lack of solitude , the inability to be alone in the spiritual sense , and to arrive at a life of intellectual creativity . "	1	2
Floating exchange rates may moderate the adjustment difficulties , but they do not eliminate them .	7	2
This man had verily accomplished something .	3	1
It will influence not only our economies but also , and above all , prospects for democracy world-wide .	0	1
In the outer group level , the header section contains fields from the Orders table and the footer section contains a calculated total control named OrderValue .	16	2
Sometime before 1623 , a funerary monument was erected in his memory on the north wall , with a half - effigy of him in the act of writing .	8	2
Would it be best for me to finish college ?	1	5
1542 LEONARDO , Giovanni ( a.k.a. Il Puttino / the Boy ) born in Calaria .	2	0
" He wrote with admiration of Balzac 's attempt to portray in writing " a beast with a hundred claws .	2	5
You could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point , it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive .	18	0
Such actions are mainly single - country or single - subject actions ( i.e. not eligible under Pericles ) and are systematically coordinated with Pericles by the competent service in the Commission in coordination with Member States .	26	2
If the button is not selected , selecting new items to filter automatically turns filtering on and removes your former filter settings .	2	2
I apologize for the following inconvenience , but I have decided to move this group to Yahoo , so that we can post files and photos and other useful things .	13	2
I think the women at this salon know that their business is based primarily from referrals . :)	11	6
Place two parts water or stock to one part of quinoa in a saucepan over medium-high heat and bring to a boil .	14	1
During the family 's years in Kentucky and Indiana , Thomas Lincoln worked as a farmer , cabinetmaker , and carpenter .	14	2
If you still have it , can you send it to him at " Mark EI.London Taylor " ?	17	0
In order to win , it is necessary to first eliminate the terrorist regimes , so that no Government in the world will serve as a safe haven for these people .	24	1
Shakespeare died on 23 April 1616 and was survived by his wife and two daughters .	11	3
It was a great deal -- we paid a certain amount per person , and my husband and I chose 4 types of pizza and the servers brought out as much as we wanted .	31	1
When you move the field back to a row or column area , the custom group fields will appear again .	15	2
" His labyrinthine city provided a literary model used later by English novelist Charles Dickens and Russian author Fyodor Dostoevsky .	5	3
" While we do n't have anything specific to announce today , Google and the Wikimedia Foundation are collaboratively evaluating creative ways to support Wikipedia.org and its community . "	20	1
There are plenty of cheap restaurants .	4	1
The bombings implicated Muslims , and exacerbated regional tensions which the Bush regime and its friends wearing the brass in the Philippine military sought to exploit .	22	2
I would n't send my dogs there .	0	4
Member States are urged to attach greater importance to integrated strategies for revitalising relations between towns and rural areas .	10	2
The Brick , Ikea , and Leon 's have their place .	3	2
Andy Haldane , one of the lieutenants Carney inherited at the BoE , has questioned the financial sector 's economic contribution , pointing to " its ability to both invigorate and incapacitate large parts of the non - financial economy .	18	1
Since they released kinect this was kind of their way of releasing a new Xbox so they do n't plan on making another one for a while .	22	1
Office 2002 site license ( user does n't have Office 2002 installed on computer , but user 's organization has an enterprise or site license agreement )	21	2
In 1976 , the racecourse was no longer used ; in 1990 , a fire destroyed what remained of the wooden grandstands , which were later demolished along with the stables .	21	2
I flew around like mad to get ready , and before forty-eight hours I was crossing the Channel to show myself to my employers , and sign the contract .	1	4
I mean the theory was , whether you believe it or not , that it would be a defensive alliance against potential Soviet aggression , that ’s the basic doctrine .	6	1
They have lunch and siesta , then go back to work for a few hours in the late afternoon .	16	2
They may however be applied beyond the period specified in the first paragraph as long as these shortcomings persist .	13	1
A great place to go for dinner after a day of wine tasting .	4	2
Good Lord , I 've no idea , I 'm sure he has n't either .	13	1
Once again , thank you all for an outstanding accomplishment .	0	1
In 2003 , he dominated in the points standings and leading the last 33 of 36 races and became the 2003 NASCAR Winston Cup champion , the last driver to ever hold that title .	11	2
According to the New Zealand Herald , Emeritus Professor John Burrows , the chairman of the project 's panel of twelve , said New Zealand 's flag has never before been open to public choice .	13	2
Fyi	0	1
This weekend I 'm off to Sao Paulo and Buenos Aires on business .	10	2
( i know that snakes that have problems going to the bathroom wo n't eat . )	13	1
If you 're really ambitious , set a goal of helping others become fluent in the language .	1	3
The nurses are sweet as pie and the doctor is wonderful .	5	2
Wikinews has learned that according to an Internet posting made just over 24 hours ago , the Church of Scientology 's website is being attacked by hackers , causing the site to shut down .	30	2
Nobody should feel a looser in Afghanistan , ’’ President Hamid Karzai told Pakistan ’s English daily The Nation .	10	2
The question is , " Should he have known it was coming ? "	1	2
We do n't have to argue ; we can take it that colonialism is indefensible , for us , no ?	10	1
Let him go at his own pace , do n't rush with him , and never ever resort to physical violence with your bird .	11	1
Throw away or donate junk you do n't want to take to your new place .	6	4
Uncle Vernon was as bad as his word .	6	4
Technically , blackberry was because it was the first with real email and games and stuff .	9	1
Just my opinion here - no judgement - getting your snake on frozen / thawed will prove to be much easier for you and safer for your snake in the long run .	32	0
This is a $ 200 million increase over what NASA received for fiscal year 2004 .	10	4
the team at barton car wash was very friendly .	6	6
Now , a dolphin , mother dolphin , any dolphin - there 's only one way that a PCB can get out of a dolphin .	20	2
They say , " You know what you smell ? " .	3	0
I am thinking 4 slides at the most .	6	2
Zacarias Moussaoui , never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable , has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants " anthrax for Jew sympathizer only . "	15	1
What representation did the Commissioner receive from the United Kingdom Government about this dire emergency ?	11	1
Nida brings in the reminder that while there are no such things as " identical equivalents " in translating , what one must in translating seek to do is find the " closest natural equivalent " .	12	1
I asked for a fried egg on my enchiladas ... and did not get it .!	8	2
I personally have had wonderful service and if you re truely looking for a FAMILY practice ... Warner Family is the place for you .	4	1
Given the chance your cat may only have one kidney , I would think the worst case scenario would be kidney disease , which untreated can lead to possible renal failure .	27	1
More recently , he erred in accepting a transportation bill that had huge flaws and huge tax increases , rather than prioritizing spending and seeking more rational , efficient , decentralized transportation decision-making .	8	2
That demand also led to the production of several fake portraits , as well as mis - attributions , repaintings and relabelling of portraits of other people .	19	3
Two pan-democratic veteran politicians Lee Cheuk-yan of the Labour Party and Frederick Fung of ADPL were defeated in this constituency , with Junius Ho defeating Lee Cheuk-yan by around five thousand votes .	5	2
Talk to you guys soon ,	5	0
of course , in a perfect world , tax payers ' money would go toward some sort of national healthcare program , and housing for the homeless , but this is far from a perfect world .	28	1
He was prompt , knowledgable , friendly , clean and just an overall great guy who obviously cares about his business .	8	1
One way to personalize a joke is to change the ending . [ 5 ]	3	2
Expect impact .	2	0
Some people put in a very dilute Acriflaven solution to slow down the fungus , so one can take white eggs out with a pipette or eyedropper .	12	2
Here 's everything that flows from 5/1/01 forward .	0	1
Or was Mr Eichelberger simply an executive with a client to please and a job to do a pure professional ?	3	2
Armed clashes broke out in several northern Iraqi cities on Wednesday , leaving some 22 persons dead in Mosul , Baiji , and Tuz .	19	0
If I had to take over the English-language services tomorrow , you know what I 'd have to do it with a bunch of Lambala and speakers from the vernacular sections and some refugee school-teachers from South Africa .	31	1
There was some sort of scuffle when Bray arrived ...	7	2
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they had n’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .	36	4
Bearded dragons are sight hunters , they need to see the food move to trigger a feeding response , especially when they are babies .	24	0
Any sort of pointed or caustic remarks about yourself or someone else do n't have a place in flirtatious conversations .	19	2
so i live in Invercargill New Zealand and i want to know if there are any good places to buy an ice - cream sundae from other than mc donald s lol	1	4
In the following year , 1977 , he received the distinction of the American Friendship Medal for the friendly position of his press toward the USA .	15	2
Heterosexuals increasingly back gay marriage	2	4
White people given appointments in African countries after independence were usually employed on contract .	13	2
The ISO board called an emergency meeting the next week demanding Winter explain his actions .	1	2
Please rise , then , for this minute 's silence .	0	1
The crane accident comes just ten days before the beginning of the Hajj , the annual pilgrimage to Mecca , Islam 's holiest site .	3	6
Quality is estimated to be a Mars type crude with 25 - 27 API Gravity and 1.5 - 2.0 % sulfur .	9	1
We know for certain that those who try to reach the coast of Europe by sea from Morocco often meet a grim fate .	10	2
Web posted at : 3:29 p.m. EST ( 2029 GMT )	4	1
A friend and I recently took our 16 and 18 month olds here .	9	1
In the ski resort areas , there will likely be man - made snow on the slopes .	8	1
The disembarking passengers were all strangers again , connected not with each other but to the mouthing , smiling faces and waving hands on the airport balcony .	16	1
Richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit .	14	2
I still do the odd chapter , but i am a bit delinquent in finishing some of them these days !	10	2
Tina is the driving force of the business and you can be assured that she will endevour to satisfy all your signage requirements at the most cost effective rates .	28	2
It was all sorted with no hassle at all and I 'm really grateful - they were fab .	16	4
If selected , you can also save the structure of a table , query , datasheet , form , or report into a file that describes the presentation and connection information .	31	0
I 'm not sure that there 's much nightlife in Naha .	8	2
We were introduced to Bistro Tallulah by traveler - professional diner who happens to own the Adelphi Hotel and travels the world -- and residing in Paris , London , New York the rest of the year .	0	4
Daniel Montalvo , 19 , a member of Scientology all his life , was arrested after leaving its elite group the Sea Org .	12	0
There were light bulbs representing the stars and line drawings of the celestial figures .	13	2
Neither the facts nor the deformations , the insidious platitudes of the media ( tormenting because the underlying realities are so huge and so terrible ) , can be screened out .	20	1
As a yoga studio , I 'm sure you 're all aware that all actions generate karma …	9	4
It is important to recognize that the specific format of the east-west numbered street names is West / East 71st Street North / South .	5	1
It is accompanied by the further reflection ( partly proud , mostly bitter ) that we Jews seem to have a genius for finding the heart of the crisis .	21	2
But I also hope no one feels any obligation to download , especially if you have an internet connection as slow mine ( 28 k ) .	21	1
Wei Ligang , a rising star of modern art in China , just had an exhibition in mid-July , 2005 in Hong Kong .	14	2
After checking for signs of fire or smoke and seeing none , I decided to just pack up and leave .	3	2
It 's amazing how he deals with those fellows – better than I do , I can tell you .	9	0
Amelia Island Plantation ?	0	2
She was determined to make no end of fuss to get me appointed skipper of a river steamboat , if such was my fancy .	0	5
When making a writing system , take a break about every five minutes and come back to it or all your letters will begin to look identical .	6	2
I 'm getting a 10 gallon for my betta tomorrow and I just want to know how to properly set it up .	5	2
what does it mean when a veiled chameleon egg is soft ?	3	2
After you paste the line , you do not need to recreate the group – the new line is automatically part of the group .	14	0
China 's strong hand in this even extends to the diplomatic realm ; China is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council , and could veto any actions against Iran proposed by the United States .	29	2
I have hundreds of VHS movies lying around ... what should I do with them ?	13	1
I was experiencing severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit .	17	2
$ 5.5 b - Estimated cost to secure fully US ports over the Next decade .	2	1
There was one death in the injured group and the others with major injuries .?	7	2
Egypt did not use poison gas against Yemen in the 60's because of Israel .	0	2
Business Case : If we offered Dean 55 k or 60 k it would still constitute a over a $ 10,000 increase ( approximately 25 % ) and taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory at the specialist level .	14	1
It is a political process and I have decided not to be present , so it was said .	0	5
( I kind of see him to be for animal rights theory as Peter Singer is to the theory of utilitarianism applied to non-human animals ) .	1	4
There 's still Rusty , of course , but he 's too fat to run anymore .	8	1
Stir the oil and vanilla extract into the bowl containing the soy milk and vinegar .	10	2
America can adopt a new growth strategy – moving away from excess consumption toward a model based on saving and investing in people , infrastructure , and capacity .	4	1
Harry looked up , hardly daring to believe it .	8	1
( 4 ) Everyone has the right to form and to join trade unions for the protection of his interests .	1	1
The report states that few if any food manufacturers use iodised salt in the preparation and manufacture of foods .	17	1
The Palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank were not driven by economic considerations .	12	1
and would you recommend it as a student ?	4	5
There still is a very hot pursuit of the " Atta - level " Floridian , Adnan El Shukrijumah , who Siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting .	15	0
1 . Here 's a site that lists world cruises including prices .	1	0
Dostoevski , no mean judge of such matters , thought there was much to be said for the murderer 's point of view .	19	1
In some cases , for example Hamlet , Troilus and Cressida and Othello , Shakespeare could have revised the texts between the quarto and folio editions .	24	2
for the past few days she has been shivering and wo nt eat but she could walk now her hid legs are not working but she is back to her self .. what should i do .?	25	5
Final authority over lifting the cap rested with the federal government .	4	2
I revised the language based on our discussions and added the language concerning interest which we had both previously approved .	7	2
The move highlighted the company 's desire for users to start thinking of its products as more than just productivity tools .	20	2
I mean the theory was , whether you believe it or not , that it would be a defensive alliance against potential Soviet aggression , that ’s the basic doctrine .	3	2
" I myself had absolute authority to kill anyone in my command .	6	1
The act of moving from one place to another seemed to require all his attention , as though not to think of what he was doing would reduce him to immobility .	16	1
Following enlargement , this type of activity is likely to develop further , which is also in line with the recommendation of the Pericles evaluator .	18	1
We should try to have a conference call with the west desk to discuss as soon as we can .	2	2
I really enjoyed the staff at Wessex , also the manager Sherri was always very nice and helpful .	9	2
Also , remind me of Patterson 's email , so I can harass him directly .	15	0
Stan commented on the creation of the Santorum cocktail , " When he was winning in the polls , I thought , ' OK , I 'll do a Santorum ' . "	24	0
Twinkle Twinkle lazy star Kitna soyega uthja yaar , up above the world so high , sun has risen in the sky , uthke jaldi pee le chai , then call me up and say " HI "	27	0
Yes , poor old Shinza , that 's what everyone says .	8	1
We also need to follow this up and make sure that our rules are transposed by the Member States in good time and - even more importantly - we need to ensure that they are also applied afterwards .	5	2
Given the volume of content this represents , it is easy to forget that the television series itself is an adaptation of a book series with a pre-existing fandom .	25	1
The excellent windows have performed without any problems , but that 's not why I 'm writing my review .	18	2
Perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing Zahav was going to be golden as its name suggests ( and as the many golden reviews seem to attest ) , we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience .	24	1
If your washing machine is worth its salt , it will undo those straps in a heartbeat and tie them in a sheet bend unless you prevent it .	11	2
Where several versions of a play survive , each differs from the other .	7	0
Both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon , however , were bleeding badly .	8	0
At least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts William Patrick and Kenneth Alibek , under the optimal method , there is no electrostatic charge .	17	2
He went looking for his brother , George Whitman , after he a telegram telling him his brother was injured in the South .	21	2
Make sure the trailer service you use is bonded / insured and knows something about first aid .	4	2
Hi , I want to get a few pet rats and need a rat cage .	13	2
Since wolf recovery , streamside plants , willows and cottonwoods provide food for other critters -- beavers , a whole variety of avian species , berry - producing shrubs that bears can use .	15	0
Could you tell me what deal tickets you are seeing ?	1	3
She says this in so ringing a voice that I retreat .	7	2
He is very conscious that money and fame can not buy virility and manliness .	9	1
I know New York pizza and this is not it !!	3	2
The reality is that it stands for and operationalizes US power , in cooperation with America 's closest allies .	4	3
Contrary to the Commission proposals , we must preserve the current procedure known as the Article 43 procedure .	18	0
53 - Percentage of Canadian young adults who do n't know the population of the United States .	1	0
The will is another matter .	0	2
It 's two to one , bottom of the ninth .	8	2
If the key exists , Access checks for the existence of a value name that matches the name of the referenced file .	7	1
Arthur and I have been worried about you , too .	10	0
I have been going to the Wildwood , NJ for over 30 years for summer vacations and always call the Madrid first .	22	0
He sits with the ease that disguises this sort of tension .	0	5
Ever since the industrial revolution brought a massive influx of workforce , Łódź had been a city almost equally divided between four cultures - Polish , Jewish , German and Russian .	9	1
A Harley - Davidson spokeswoman said timelines that have been floated in the media -- 2017 or 2020 -- are n't accurate .	6	2
Wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature of California 's market structure makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit .	17	1
Over time it has merged with the neighboring cities of Scottsdale , Tempe , Glendale , Peoria , Chandler , and Gilbert to form the Greater Phoenix Metropolitan Area .	20	1
I would love to .	1	2
Even if you did melt it , I doubt you foresaw the issues of handling it and pouring it .	9	3
I hope the owners and employees of this store have broken bedroom suites in their homes and furniture sitting in someone 's warehouse .	13	1
At the same time , it pleased him to know that Stillman also had a red notebook , as if this formed a secret link between them .	23	1
I heard that more may be going up for sale in the next month or do .	0	4
I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program .	12	4
Little by little , Quinn began to feel cut off from his original intentions , and he wondered now if he had not embarked on a meaningless project .	15	1
I remain devoted full - time to the advancement of Firefox , the Mozilla platform and web browsing in general .	2	1
If the chicken was n't hypnotized , try this alternative .	3	6
Kristen Wilkins , curator of " Andy Warhol : Photographs and Prints from the University Collection " at the University of Southern Indiana , January 23 - March 9 2014 .	29	1
Standards have been raised , and the question of the radio ham has also been given attention .	13	1
But do they know what they have heard ?	1	4
Abu Musab al - Zarqawi and his group are said to have been bitter rivals of al - Qaeda during the Afghan resistance days .	19	1
OBSERVATION -- The pressure to finger somebody for " price gouging " is increasing .	11	0
They were called criminals , and the outraged law , like the bursting shells , had come to them , an insoluble mystery from over the sea .	10	1
Changing the ANSI SQL query mode in an existing application .	1	2
True to form , the EU under German leadership offered far too little and demanded far too much from Ukraine .	11	1
One unnamed naval officer was quoted saying , " Arms smuggling is a very profitable business in this region . "	6	1
Although it pales in comparison to later works , some critics consider it a quality text .	12	3
NEW YORK – Around the world , there is enormous enthusiasm for the type of technological innovation symbolized by Silicon Valley .	1	1
This is a nice place , and I know we will return to meet my sister - in - law from Chicago !!	4	2
My new address will be : Mary Hain Senior Regulatory Counsel ISO New England Inc.One Sullivan Road Holyoke , MA 01040-2841 ( 413 ) 535-4000 mhain@ISO-NE.com	23	0
The promise of new Royal Navy orders to secure the Clyde shipbuilding industry was made before the Scottish independence referendum in 2014 .	19	2
If you can check with the other airlines during this period , you may get excellent discount airfare , which may even surprise you .	7	2
In her humble home she was visited by other writers , students of poetry , admirers , the curious , critics , and editors requesting her collaboration .	1	4
And there we are , Kissinger has entirely wrecked Russia 's Middle East policy and the Pope is about to swap the Vatican for the Kremlin .	0	1
( The only other choice for the Arabs is to leave their oil in the ground . ) "	12	2
That granddaughter : her parents both worked in the vineyards , and when she was a child , she would play in my courtyard in the after-noons .	26	2
He loves to flirt with her when Cyprian 's not looking , but get her doing her marvellous wriggle on the floor and he just stands there like Andrew , dragging his feet .	6	2
Then , Ron , you come bounding downstairs going , Mum , look who turned up in the night ! and she 'll be all pleased to see Harry and no one need ever know we flew the car .	38	2
In the highly charged partisan atmosphere of Washington , DC , this is without question almost always an advantage .	17	3
Simplicity gave it that blessed , laudatory lack of clutter , the efficient and effective text - based ads , and the support of anyone with a dial - up connection .	7	2
I 'm getting a 10 gallon for my betta tomorrow and I just want to know how to properly set it up .	21	1
That he always gets , whether he likes it or not .	2	1
This clause included the time taken to travel to clients ' homes in working hours .	3	2
90 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 26 September 2001 .	12	2
Like all oil place changes , ask / recommend the 100 other services they have .	0	1
China 's economy is exploding , hampered only by their great thirst for petroleum and natural gas to fuel their industry .	7	1
If these weapons have gone missing it 's a terrifying prospect . "	7	6
It is the most common tumour found in babies , occurring in one of every 35,000 births .	4	1
In the standing photo ( from the front ) there is a corner of a rug creeping in , some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord .	29	1
That basically means do n't swallow it , do n't put it in your eyes , do n't bathe in it , and do n't really expose yourself to it directly at all .	31	1
A continuous noise of the rapids above hovered over this scene of inhabited devastation .	12	1
KSM explained that Moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax work being done by US - trained biochemist and Al Qaeda operative , Malaysian Yazid Sufaat .	32	0
I found out they did not even drive the car , stated they looked at it before .	4	4
We will continue to investigate potential misstatements in the system p&l , as a result of data or system valuation problems , within the month end reporting timeframe .	18	2
Across the landscapes of Earth were dotted these giant mushrooms .	0	1
I do not know if the American plan was actually to encircle both Iran and Syria , but that is the resulting situation .	8	6
The outbreak of demonstrations and violence throughout the Sunni Arab regions on Wednesday did not bode well for Sunni participation in the January elections .	21	2
And I think I remember , a bunch of guys called because of that also .	0	1
Has anyone read the letter purportedly from Ahmadinejad to George Bush ?	4	2
Many people want to use diplomacy with Iran rather than military pressure .	7	2
The company gets busy but you never have to wait long because they ARE orginizied , so you are in , out , and paid well for your scrap	1	2
Eliot , along with G. Wilson Knight and the school of New Criticism , led a movement towards a closer reading of Shakespeare 's imagery .	5	1
The noise outside had ceased , and presently in going out I stopped at the door .	11	4
There were gilded arches over the old airport road to town ; several men on bicycles wore shirts with Mweta 's face printed in yellow and puce on their backs .	17	2
N.O. ? Atlanta ?	3	0
Lora Sullivan Federal Government Affairs Representative Enron 1775 Eye Street , NW Suite 800 Washington , DC 20006 202-466-9142 202-828-3372 ( fax ) email : lora.sullivan@enron.com	19	1
Their location , the northwest corner of S. 10th & Federal Sts. , is now home to Slice Pizza .	19	0
The ingredients are shaken and/or poured into a cocktail glass .	2	4
" Can I help you ? " he said .	9	0
Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosencreutz , which suggests ( and most people who ’ve heard of it suppose ) that the wedding is Christian ’s .	26	1
In addition , there is also another hotel at the airport as well as multiple guest houses around the island .	18	2
Cervantes , if you remember , goes to great lengths to convince the reader that he is not the author .	20	0
No silverware , asked for a spoon for my son s mac and cheese ended up having to use my tea spoon .	7	1
One of the pictures shows a flag that was found in Fallujah .	12	0
I want to present to you a suite of six mycological solutions , using fungi , and these solutions are based on mycelium .	21	1
The only problem that I had in 2 years of living there was that the walls are pretty thin , sometimes I could here my neighbors conversations .	9	1
For our readers who are unaware of your site , could you briefly explain what wikiHow is ?	4	4
Coined by Bill Gates to represent the company that was devoted to MICROcomputer SOFTware .	11	1
The name started as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search - engine would be able to search .	2	4
She was instructed to destroy the agreement and another would be forwarded to her with the necessary corrections and re-wording of Section 7 .	19	2
the telephone number is incorrect - our new mobile number is 07551310002 or landline 01634 710033 .	1	2
Figuratively speaking , this outer circle is the guardian , which makes sure that the people look and listen inwards to the inner circle of terror and incitement , rather than to the world outside .	6	6
But he suffers the severe effects of the aftermath , and we are all suffering along with him now , since he is the most powerful man in the world .	7	2
You are in a city like many another well , not quite , for Jerusalem is the only ancient city I 've ever seen whose antiquities are not on display as relics but are in daily use .	5	1
Before he could get up and leave , the words were already out of his mouth . Do you find it exciting ?	13	1
Nowhere did we stop long enough to get a particularized impression , but the general sense of vague and oppressive wonder grew upon me .	0	1
Within a week we noticed one of the boards on our gate splitting where a nail had gone in .	16	4
I assume his actual reason is that he 's worried that Berkshire Hathaway just ca n't grow quickly enough to justify his usual charity policy .	18	1
Nevada 's industrial outputs are tourism , mining , machinery , printing and publishing , food processing , and electric equipment .	7	2
The house they had bought , filled with possessions that had been stored all the years they were in Africa , the garden they had made , spoke for them .	28	1
She even went so far as to say " You r calling about one board ? "	7	2
For a time I would feel I belonged still to a world of straightforward facts ; but the feeling would not last long .	23	0
Yikes !	0	1
Allegedly , Thomas ' sister pleaded with him to send Gloria to a conventional medical doctor , but he replied " I am not able to do that " .	21	4
Third , with the " new age " Efrem Zimbalist , Jr. in charge of the investigation , it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security .	26	1
how do you mold silicone or rubber into a mermaid tail ?	10	2
Also , Beardies often do not eat food that is not moving , so it s anyone 's guess whether or not he 'll touch the freeze - dried crickets or the processed food .	7	2
daily dose on enron -	2	1
Everyone was so friendly and really went out of their way to make sure everything went well .	9	3
That means expense , space , and they require weekly cage cleaning .	12	0
That demand also led to the production of several fake portraits , as well as mis - attributions , repaintings and relabelling of portraits of other people .	7	1
there 's these little like bait worms at jack s . petshoppe .	8	2
he claimed to have once worked for 48 hours with only three hours of rest in the middle .	15	1
I always leave loving my hair style .	3	1
Dobby heard tell , he said hoarsely , that Harry Potter met the Dark Lord for a second time just weeks ago . that Harry Potter escaped yet again .	7	0
Projects implemented with support from the Union have had their effect watered down all too often by slow decision making and complicated administrative processes .	4	1
Anyone else find it a little suspicious that there are not only 20 reviews for this dentist ( a HUGE number compared to the others in the area ) , but that they all have the same unique grammar structure ?	14	1
I said , Yes .	0	4
If you are located in London , Calgary , Toronto , Omaha , New York , Portland ( ENA ) or Houston , you can access the live event at http://home.enron.com/employeemeeting .	28	2
He took a pinch of glittering powder out of the flowerpot , stepped up to the fire , and threw the powder into the flames .	8	1
Next day got moved into another room , on the same floor with other wedding guests .	3	3
As Rogers notes , " Balzac was interested in any social , political , or economic theory , whether from the right or the left .	19	1
Where can I go on a first date ( adults ) ?	4	1
I do n't like that option though - I think it 's pretty cruel and I'd not done properly you 'll end up really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop possible injury to your snake .	20	2
After the war , L'Enfant designed the badge of the Society of the Cincinnati , an organization of former officers of the Continental Army , shaped as an eagle , at the request of Washington .	9	2
IMPROPER USE OF MAGIC OFFICE	4	2
The magician behind the counter was wise enough not to sell it to me , but instead sold me two books which I still own today - " Scarne on Card Tricks " and " Scarne on Magic Tricks " .	37	2
The best part is I got my whole bathroom remodeled for about the same price the other company's were quoting just to fix the shower tile and fixtures .	21	1
Elena 's title is admin coordinator , and I know that Sara should not have this title , and honestly do not think that Elena should also .	6	0
Scientific research to develop products like irradiated sterile insects or the Oxitec mosquitoes proceeds progressively from more to less contained conditions – from the laboratory to confined trials to limited field trials .	29	1
This type of harness goes around the dog s chest and legs and has a clip for the leash up on the back of the dog in middle of shoulder blades .	28	1
It 's dark , dingy & dirty .	4	1
they have n't heard from you in a while .	1	4
This tug - of - war over calculating economic values is the one that ultimately will have to be decided by humans , because animals and plants can adjust only so much .	26	2
The IPN report examines commercial fish species , but it neglects important non-commercial animals , such as seals and polar bears .	9	5
This is referred to in the emblem and when you hear the dwellers of Łódź ( łodzianin ( man ) łodzianka ( woman ) łodzianie ( plural ) ) calling themselves " the boat people " .	23	0
In Othello , the villain Iago stokes Othello 's sexual jealousy to the point where he murders the innocent wife who loves him .	5	1
If democracy is just free elections , it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected , the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory .	24	2
The South Korean company initially thought a battery fault was to blame , and switched its own component for a third - party power cell .	18	1
Because I want someone who 's going to treat people nicely and well .	10	1
In the Archbishop 's drawing room are golden icons .	3	1
Hong Kong , meanwhile , appears to be bracing for a wave of protests .	9	1
The management was easy to deal with during the planning stages , and the execution by the kitchen and wait staff was flawless .	21	6
Just east of Broadway and continuing north and south is Oakland 's famous Chinatown , and that to get the real essence of " Chinatown , " Oakland rather than San Francisco is your best bet .	19	2
Not owners that seem like they have something to hide and know nothing about common courtesy and customer service .	6	4
Why do I raise the matter ?	0	1
Note that when importing XML data , you can not choose a subset of the XML document ; the entire file has to be imported .	22	1
His quest for objects did not abate amidst the greenery .	9	2
Good Lord , I 've no idea , I 'm sure he has n't either .	10	1
Full name of the father is : " Nguyen Thanh Luan " ===> Full name of the son / daughter certainly is " Nguyen .......... " , for instance , " Nguyen Thi Thuy Lan " .	5	6
Harry Potter was a wizard – a wizard fresh from his first year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .	17	2
You have n't replaced the District Commissioner by appointing a district magistrate .	12	0
We had the ants in an observation nest , and I could just look at them for hours , watching them go about .	18	0
With luck , the Kashmir Valley can attract investment from the Middle East and other locations where Muslims are dominant and become a tourist , education and services haven within India .	25	2
Houston has played a critical role throughout the life of the space shuttle , but it is clear political favors trumped common sense and fairness in the selection of the final locations for the orbiter fleet . "	35	2
XML makes it easier to transform the data from almost any external application for use by Access .	10	1
This is a decrease from the year before , when it was forty percent .	12	1
They re not really hard .	5	0
If you need more , there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts ( we heard about it in Amsterdam ) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets .	13	1
I have attempted to incorporate the changes that Jim has incorporated in our long form power agreement which ENA has suggested to date into the short form .	20	2
Wikinews has learned that according to an Internet posting made just over 24 hours ago , the Church of Scientology 's website is being attacked by hackers , causing the site to shut down .	25	1
There are also languages derived from Finnish , having evolved separately , known as Meänkieli in Sweden and Kven in Norway .	0	1
it s jack s aquarium and pets I believe . ?	3	1
He could see him sitting in the chair across from him , but at the same time it felt as though he was not there .	1	2
As you mark things off , you will be motivated to continue doing so , and seeing it on a regular basis will remind you that your project needs to be done .	11	2
Yes obviously the USB is region free which means you can use it anywhere .	7	1
I have n't been able to find a shoe repair place in Seattle since that has been able to do it .	7	2
Things had happened too quickly , and he had taken it for granted that he could fill in for Paul Auster .	5	0
That private wealth can easily be funneled into aid for the Palestinians and for Lebanese Shiites .	0	2
For that and many other reasons we support the motion for a resolution .	12	2
The Orange County Register	3	2
Called to check if they had a product I 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .	11	1
If I was Rummy I 'd send Posada to Iraq to blow things up there .	1	4
68.4 - Average Number of species added to the Endangered and Threatened Species list each year between 1991 and 2000 .	9	1
The woman showed a wellshaped smile in the dark .	1	2
Come and see Manakau , the property of his descendants , located on the eastern corner of Rekohu and blessed with the sun 's first rays as they rise above the sea each day .	8	4
But I also hope no one feels any obligation to download , especially if you have an internet connection as slow mine ( 28 k ) .	5	2
Consider basing some of your words from other words you have invented .	6	1
Marx , Karl and Engels , Friedrich .	5	0
jill allen finishes her cpa today and she and her friends are going to party .	12	1
She nodded , blushing to the roots of her flaming hair , and put her elbow in the butter dish .	2	0
Finally , in this time of natural disasters , I would just like to mention the issue of the use of Structural Funds .	13	1
If you want a wharf berthage then call the local harbour master as you near the Chathams and he will sort you out .	9	1
State is the body with experience in international affairs and administration .	8	2
" You come here from Earth ? " I asked .	6	0
I recommend this company to ANYONE and everyone that needs great work done at a reasonable rate !	17	0
It is , surprisingly , near the Blue Water Bridges , some miles to the west of this location .	11	1
If part of the public supports it , others tolerate it , many are afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood , organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism .	5	6
I do feel guilty about you doing all this work .	8	2
They treat there employees with respect and concern and expect that they will extend the same politeness to there customers .	16	2
Usually you ca n't go wrong when getting a spa treatment ......	7	1
There 's Jeff [ Drake ] , who is behind the camera .	7	1
A single call to CIC will confirm there is NO such thing as a BTA to Canada and anyone asking for this is a scammer http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/contacts/index.asp	18	2
This process will continue in accordance with the financial spending guidelines laid down by the EU leaders at their Berlin Summit last year , which were supported by Parliament at its last May plenary part - session .	31	1
Do you think this is a revival of the Left in the West ?	7	1
I started to write down my dreams .	5	3
The people abandoned their farms and religious sites and the ground they stood on became moorland .	8	1
He was less than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got , and his work was top notch .	1	6
I look downward toward the Dead Sea , over broken rocks and small houses with bulbous roofs .	13	2
Crosstab queries calculate a sum , average , count , or other type of total for data that is grouped by two types of information – one down the left side of the datasheet and another across the top .	5	0
Founded in 1871 , it has become the region 's primary political , cultural , economic , and transportation center .	6	2
The request of the municipalities results from the sentence of the Italian Supreme Court of Cassation on July 8 , recognising as legitimate the request of the Municipality of Livorno asking religious schools to pay property taxes .	24	2
Upon arrival at the school , however , it became clear that the children were not accustomed to playing with puppets and that the data collection would be a novel experience for them .	15	2
It 's all in the air .	3	1
From the 18 th century , the desire for authentic Shakespeare portraits fuelled claims that various surviving pictures depicted Shakespeare .	12	5
Then , tackle the most important ones before looking back at the smaller things to do .	5	1
It collects the data based on the observation of the proposed interventions as well as interviews conducted with participating teachers and students to identify their perceptions of digital games ’ contributions to the learning process .	24	3
It serves as a reminder of the work that needs to be completed for the cross-linguistic study of SI in particular and acquisition more generally .	11	2
By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with , there was basically no design .	21	0
I came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction , which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to an account requiring maximum confidence .	10	2
On the other hand , this is essentially a statement that the company is overpriced from the guy who knows it best -- and happens to be the best investor of the last century .	32	1
- ld2d-#69381-1.DOC	1	2
We might be mistaken in using the gross domestic product per inhabitant as the sole indicator .	13	2
To a certain extent , ensuring equal opportunities for men and women is like trying to attain the unattainable .	4	0
She must be a tourist .	4	2
The cardinal numbers included in this study were only one through five in order to avoid additional item variability , but larger numbers should be included in future research .	25	2
If you can not park in the lot , then you can park in the shopping center 's garage , and walk up to Endo Sushi .	1	3
So we need to know the results of this debate and put them into effect .	8	2
Stacey Barclay Richardson Enron Net Works , LLC - Global Contracts Stacey.Richardson@enron.com ( 713 ) 853-0569 Office ( 713 ) 646-2495 Fax ( 713 ) 710-6084 Pager	22	0
Many aspects of the transition have already been successfully debated and worked out , for example continuity in Kong 's civil service .	12	1
Very nice work and friendly guys too .	0	1
" Norman is one of my good buddies , so it totally sucked to see him in that emotional state . "	17	2
I 'm a regular poster but for some reason blogger wo n't let me in today ... but sign me TroubleFunk .	15	2
The way the tax law works , the tax basis for your share distribution will be based on the closing stock price the day preceding notification to the transfer agent .	9	2
The president of the Community of Madrid , Cristina Cifuentes , represents the most conservative , while leaders of the party , such as the Sectorial Under - Secretary , Javier Maroto , represent the most progressive .	10	0
A page that uses a Microsoft Office PivotTable Component	3	6
Thank you , Mr Poettering .	4	1
The problem with this argument is that Bush lacked the experience necessary to be president when he ran in 2000 , so this sort of cheap shot just hoists him by his own petard .	7	2
We must be able to create and see our own stories , be it Inspector Morse or Derrick .	9	1
Brass has an even higher melting point than bronze and I would think your charcoal just does n't get hot enough .	8	2
These animals have the misfortune to produce a substance that is useful in the manufacture of perfume .	15	1
They had the work done in about half the time quoted which made me and my wife extremely happy .	7	1
1 ) what islad of Fiji is a good island that is not TOO far from the main airpart in Fiji .	14	1
Cheap , full of locals , conducted by fearless drivers , you can enjoy the beautiful Caribbean panorama to the sound of Guadeloupean zouk music .	24	2
( Kut is in southeastern Iraq and has an overwhelmingly Shiite population , who are on the lookout for Baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .	13	1
Thanks a lot .	1	2
Expressions such as " with bated breath " ( Merchant of Venice ) and " a foregone conclusion " ( Othello ) have found their way into everyday English speech .	9	1
For the next hour Quinn alternated between dialing and waiting , always with the same result .	1	2
One of them is the channels that NBC as the broadcasting rights owner for the United States will use to air the Paralympic Games on .	13	1
You think there was someone else would have given you the alphabet ! and electricity and killed off the malaria mosquito , just for love ?	16	4
I urge all St. Thomas the Apostle parishioners and all of South Florida residents to come see Gus !!!	2	1
3 ) Make Iraq another Afghanistan , using the Republican Right 's own tactics against them .	2	2
Build a shelter box in your garden to attract some onto your property .	12	2
If the Dursleys wake up , I 'm dead , said Harry as he tied the rope tightly around a bar and Fred revved up the car .	23	4
Robb says it is " like an experimental novel in which the female protagonist is always trying to pull in extraneous realities but which the hero is determined to keep on course , whatever tricks he has to use .	21	2
All the food tasted excellent , and with the new renovation of chairs and the bathroom , it is awesome .	0	1
This unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling - out with his Iraqi partner , who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of Kuwait , a wholly - owned U.S. - British subsidiary .	36	0
I think the women at this salon know that their business is based primarily from referrals . :)	9	3
Harlan provides great service .	1	6
( 31 ) For the purpose of definitions used in this Directive it is useful to refer to relevant international standards such as ISO 14040 ( 32 ) .	21	1
Look at a map and you try to figure out how , in fall of 1999 , you could possibly pull off such an operation without Pakistani facilities .	26	1
I should like to welcome Mrs Cresson and ask her to reply to Mr Valverde 's question .	8	2
MMA also captured the Northwest Frontier Province , which probably shelters Bin Laden and al - Zawahiri , and is in a joint government of Baluchistan Province , also on the Afghanistan border .	4	2
It aims at the heart of the matter , as Agenda 2000 negotiations have reached a critical stage .	10	2
Kim .	1	0
That band is involved in a local competition which promises a $ 5000 first prize , which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started .	32	4
6:30 am - 8:00 pm	2	0
The Chatnam Islands ( Rekohu in the indigenous Moriori language ) are the eastern-most settled islands in New Zealand .	6	2
For this to be possible , what we need from the European Commission are not just good intentions , but clearer guidelines and a firm commitment to monitoring the way these resources are used by the Member States .	29	2
“ Agora was invitation - only but many of these marketplaces are easily accessible if you know how to search , ” Dr Lee adds .	20	0
Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .	17	2
A person can take it directly instead of others completing behavioral checklists or a completing a lengthy program intensive test like TOVA .	20	1
As we have discussed .... effective Sep 13th , Anita will make the adjustments to Enron 's inventory and pad gas to reflect the February 26th results .	17	2
Isner , who produced some of his best tennis as he leveled at one set all and forced a decider , also paid his tribute .	1	0
Have patience with him , you just got him and who knows how he was treated before you brought him home .	9	1
The nearest airports to Fort Lee are Newark Airport , LaGuardia Airport , Teterboro ( general aviation only ) , JFK and Westchester County Airport .	11	2
COMMUNICATION FROM THE COMMISSION TO THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND TO THE COUNCIL concerning the implementation and continuation of the Pericles programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting .	7	2
He looked at her face again , trying to hear the words she was sounding out in her head , watching her eyes as they darted back and forth across the page .	12	5
Their attempts to ingratiate themselves with India and other neutralist nations have gained them little .	5	1
He 's back ! said George .	1	6
UN Secretary - General Kofi Annan has indicated it is time to " recognize Hezbollah " after easily being duped by " the message on the placards they are using " .	17	1
the Archbishop excuses himself in two languages and tells us when he comes back that he has been speaking to one of his Lebanese friends calling from Cyprus or from Greece .	7	1
And whoever dwells in the past , does n’t understand the future because the past is full of prejudices , of commitments .	8	2
He became very cool and collected all at once .	1	4
Atop Spring Mountain , from the decks of the West porch , " one can see forever " a scene of unparalleled beauty and grandeur .	21	1
Various doctors , both foreign and American , are associated with Al Qaeda leaders or operatives , to include the doctors Abdul Qadoos Khan , a bacteriologist from Rawalpindi and Aafia Siddiqui , PhD , from Karachi .	27	1
If you have a pet store near buy some wheat , pigeon corn or even mixed bird seed will do , but do not feed bread .	26	0
With a roar , the fire turned emerald green and rose higher than Fred , who stepped right into it , shouted , Diagon Alley ! and vanished .	3	0
Boxes should be marked " Fragile " and " This side up " to prevent mishandling .	16	0
In June 2012 , the Icelandic band Sigur Rós released a video for the song " Fjögur Píanó " , starring LaBeouf , in which he appears nude .	8	2
Explanations of the origin of music depend on how music is defined .	5	2
THERE IS NO SUCH THING any more , anywhere , it ’s an online dating scam . "	5	1
They did that with no problem .	4	1
The ability to smile and eat again can only be described as a whole new lease on life .	16	1
Directive 78 / 170 / EEC should therefore be repealed .	3	1
I have done a fair amount of metal casting , but never tried to build my own furnace , but I think your version is just too small and does n't get hot enough .	18	0
After all , if an adequately nourished mother provides critical health benefits to her offspring throughout their lives , women can be viewed as the custodians of future generations ' health .	24	2
" The police should be politisized , and should become , to whatever extent necessary , a partisan paramilitary arm of the revolutionary government " ?	7	1
They also got my friend s order mixed up and wanted to charger her $ 10 more than what she had wanted .	2	4
You are correct , I will make the appropriate changes and give you another review before sending execution papers .	11	2
" Gerry Strathmann " < gstrathmann@mediaone.net >	0	0
I would say it really depends on your riding ability , what disciplines you are interested in doing , or plan on doing , etc .	1	2
Tiberius reportedly regretted his departure and requested to return to Rome several times , but each time Augustus refused his requests .	15	1
They 'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want , plus all the information you need to apply .	8	1
Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest .	12	1
But best is obviously photoshop CS5 or if you r on a macbook there s aperture :)	14	6
10 minutes of paperwork and I was the owner of a beautiful pre-owned 09 XF .	11	1
It was a well-kept place , with polished doorknobs and clean glass , and it had an air of bourgeois sobriety that appealed to Quinn at that moment .	12	0
Commissioner , we shall continue to raise the issue , as Article 158 , paragraph 1 , of the Treaty of Amsterdam provides for an integrated policy for islands .	7	2
Scallops were overcooked and the foie gras was cold but the rest of the food was lovely .	17	0
A coalition forces spokesman confirmed they had not received " any weapons from Bosnia " and added they were " not aware of any purchases for Iraq from Bosnia " .	19	0
Stardust is a NASA Discovery mission that was launched in 1999 .	11	0
the following day his new son - in - law , Thomas Quiney was found guilty of fathering an illegitimate son by Margaret Wheeler , who had died during childbirth .	10	0
GOODWYN : Far from Texas and Washington , DC , Mr. Bush enjoyed his freedom .	6	2
The Coalition decision to provoke a fight with Muqtada al - Sadr 's movement only three months before the Coalition Provisional Authority goes out of business has to be seen as a form of gross incompetence in governance .	11	2
Thanks .	1	0
That agreement will also impose real economic pain , but Ukrainians are willing to pay the price in order to preserve our independence .	6	1
This also will serve as a reminder that an all - Party meeting is scheduled at PG&E 's headquarters in San Francisco on January 10 and 11 , to discuss this proposal and to respond to your questions .	14	3
I just hope that I will be invited to the opening ceremony because we worked damned hard to get it .	10	2
Take care and hope to hear from you soon .	6	1
I 'm looking for a camera that has really good zoom during a video and pictures ; and good quality pictures / videos	21	0
Therefore , substantial demand side measures and targets should be adopted .	11	0
It is difficult to think that Italy has fewer km of underground line than Madrid .	3	1
Prevention has to be our answer to disasters of this kind and this draft Directive is an important step towards well - trained safety advisers being available , so that the right action is taken in good time .	13	2
Throughout history , tyrants have known that by denying the right of oppressed peoples to form and nurture families , they can kill the spirit of those peoples .	0	1
Otherwise there was only an indefinable , faint expression of his lips , something stealthy – a smile – not a smile – I remember it , but I ca n't explain .	3	1
As coauthor Colette Heald told The Huffington Post , " The climate projections are quite consistent [...]	7	2
Check out the Guild Wars Web site at for more info about the game .	5	2
The 20 mill reflects gross exposure .	1	1
It is my understanding , from good sources in the Gov s office that the Gov will order Loretta Lynch to expeditiously implement the provision to suspend all parties auhtority to enter into direct access contracts .	33	1
Oh , yes , the chocolate semifreddo was quite good .	8	1
You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment , but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you .	21	1
Over the last half - century , South Korea has made considerable economic progress , with per capita income increasing from a mere $ 80 dollars in 1960 to more than $ 22,000 last year .	2	1
You will be aware from the press and television that there have been a number of bomb explosions and killings in Sri Lanka .	8	2
3 Primary key fields	0	1
We need for interviewers to commit either to the morning ( 9 am - 12 pm ) or afternoon ( 2 pm - 5 pm ) complete session .	23	1
Your career opportunities will expand exponentially , and you 're likely to change jobs or positions this year .	3	2
In 1819 Passez offered to make Balzac his successor , but his apprentice had enough of the law .	17	2
Other countries , including the ones you mention , have stronger social orientations in all aspects of society .	8	0
I imagine by the time she 's prepared to trust the baby to Venetia the celebrations 'll be over .	19	0
Roly rang up to see if he had arrived , and explained again – he had done so in advance by letter – that he had an official lunch to attend .	1	4
If you keep the cans away from the house , they are less likely to take up residence in your home .	13	1
Juan communicated some numbers to me and when reviewing this request would like to ask you to consider the following :	14	2
He was very anxious for me to kill somebody , but there was n't the shadow of a carrier near .	16	1
So my true question comes to this , how can I knock the rat out ?	10	4
The broker called back shortly after I spoke to you to let me know that the kestrel air park building and the strip center at fm78 & walzem had both sold .	19	2
But China 's growing middle class has been unusually vocal in its complaints about toxic air in cities like Beijing , which can see day after day of lung - choking smog .	22	2
“ You want to be infected ?	2	4
( Since the Declaration is written as coming from “ religious leaders , ” people who do n’t consider themselves “ religious leaders ” can sign as “ Supporters of the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality . ” )	19	5
Syria also possesses one of the largest arsenals of ballistic missiles in the region , comprised primarily of SCUD - derived systems .	15	2
Saddam killed every month more people than all those who died from suicide murders since the Coalition occupation of Iraq .	19	2
Of course the paper written by Mr Eichelberger and his Egyptian collaborators states that the purpose of the Nasser seizure of power was " to solve the pressing social and political problems which made the revolution necessary . "	27	1
2 ) The expression High Renaissance , in art history , is a periodizing convention used to denote the apogee of the visual arts in the Italian Renaissance .	8	2
Casals did not answer .	3	2
He also had bright blue eyes like Frank Sinatra did :)	10	0
If a schema is specified while exporting from Access , then the XML documents created are considered to be valid XML documents .	7	1
When common sense takes a back seat to politics and legal mumbo jumbo what have we become ?	1	1
These include space for dances and music , bar facility , gambling facilities for the elder , spaciously made open area aboard and many such nice facilities .	20	2
I was so impressed with the honesty and integrity of Mike and everyone at Eagle Transmission !	3	1
The new TW Hotline was implemented Monday which included customer notification in the form of a Popup message in TMS and a Critical Notice which sent an Email .	23	2
Madam President , can you tell me why this Parliament does not adhere to the health and safety legislation that it actually passes ?	6	3
But if -- there 's a painting on the wall in the Oval Office that shows a horseman charging up a steep cliff , and there are at least two other horsemen following .	2	0
True , by this time it was not a blank space any more .	5	1
remember to bring cash since they do n't take debit or credit .	12	0
It was quite a poignant fact that I was away on that particular Friday .	1	6
Nida then sets forth the differences in translation , as he would account for it , within three basic factors :	11	2
Because Usamah is Saudi , my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the Wahhabi school of Islam that predominates among Saudia 's some 15 million citizens .	13	1
However , he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron 's interests .	0	1
I did n't think so but you could be right . "	6	3
Like Ben , I will still be very much involved with the Mozilla project and community :-)	10	1
Every move Google makes brings this particular future closer .	0	1
By late 1974 investors were dizzy , they were desperate , they were wrung - out , they had left Wall Street , many for good .	25	1
It was obviously out of excitement at this great event that I forgot to sign the register .	8	1
He had the same pale , pointed face and identical cold grey eyes .	4	2
They can move the fields that are displayed in the row , column , and data area of the PivotTable list , or add or remove fields from the list .	20	2
And Carl Wood 's remarks were extreme .	1	2
Does the Tablet have a major difference in speed compared to the Color ?	6	2
It is too beautiful altogether , and if they were to set it up it would go to pieces before the first sunset .	21	1
In theory , market - determined currency values are supposed to isolate the domestic economy from the vagaries of international finance , rising when money floods in and falling when the flows are reversed .	4	0
Every now and then he would stop somewhere for a meal .	8	1
I am going to try and study aboard but idk where I can go I can not decide where do you think would be the best place to go ?	1	6
These measures shall be taken during a period of three years following the date of accession and their application shall be limited to that period .	19	5
Clinton and allies , meanwhile , are seeking to keep the spotlight on Trump , charging that his disparaging comments about women and minorities , and his temperament make him unfit for office .	2	2
Last Year over 4 million visitors attended the event and this year the city expects about 6 million visitors according to the event website .	24	0
The best Thai food I 've ever had in Australia , very fresh and so much favor of authentic Thai .	11	1
Next month , Ukraine 's citizens will freely choose a new President – the best rebuke possible to Russian propaganda about our supposed failure to uphold democracy .	10	1
Wright has a brother , Oscar , who is a comic book artist , contributing storyboards , conceptual art and promotional pictures for Edgar 's films .	17	1
I typically have work done on my Jeep at the dealership , but it is 6 years old now and getting charged dealership prices just did n't seem cost effective anymore .	17	1
The implementation of the Programme made a slow start , mainly due to its adoption in December 2001 .	13	2
A search of Dr. Ken Berry 's residences likely will prove just about the last gasp of a biodefense insider theory .	13	2
I love their costumes .	2	1
Firstly , the other reviewer clearly has never been to Nick 's , or he would know that Nick only charges $ 13 for a haircut which is pretty much industry standard .	7	1
Love comes willingly and easily .	3	1
If you wonder why there is misery and curse in your house , it is because you own some L.P , CD or another article related to the CURSED BY GOD Beatles and Rolling Stones .	20	0
I agree with you .	0	4
The new law is not retroactive , so the taxes requested in arrears from 2006 to 2009 are under the ICI system .	20	2
We have to sustain the European Union as a major food producer and a major exporter .	13	2
" In the years before the 2008 financial crisis , more than a third of Harvard MBAs , and a similar proportion of graduates of the London School of Economics , went to work for financial firms .	15	1
A CSS merely allows you to specify the formatting of each XML element without much control over the output .	12	2
I ca nt speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us ( the patient ) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you .	26	3
From 1998 onwards , from its inception Disney cruise has attracted many and continue to attract more and more .	7	2
I will be going to Del Frisco 's in late November for dinner and I was wondering what the dress code is for a female .	18	2
Try google to find the title if you would like to read it .	12	5
And it is a war !	2	6
In Texas , BP shut its 460,000 barrels per day refinery and Marathon shut its 72,000 bpd plant .	8	1
Your career opportunities will expand exponentially , and you 're likely to change jobs or positions this year .	1	2
But she took a tidbit of crisp fat from her husband 's fork .	4	2
Best ,	0	2
This hotel is adequate enough , but there is an obvious problem with the staff and management .	17	0
They showed some kids on TV , and they were quite taken with it .	3	2
Since your own death approaches far more quickly , this is unlikely to be of any use to you .	5	1
It was the fault of the parts supplier , and can we imagine how he felt having to put another 2 hours of work in the car .	17	1
After they showed up there was a little trouble to get my car unlocked , it took quite a bit of time but the job was well done .	21	2
Response : Iraq is actually hostile territory for al - Qaeda , and without Iraqi sympathizers it can not succeed there .	18	1
Ladies and gentlemen , it is a good thing that the details of Members ' attendance are corrected .	18	0
All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically , those who responded with sometimes or often to the perceived discrimination measure described above — were asked the following question :	19	2
When Bush proposed the missile defense systems in Eastern Europe , Poland and Czechoslovakia , it was a real provocation to the Soviet Union .	12	1
I well remember what intelligent , informed people were saying in the last years of the Weimar Republic , what they told one another in the first days after Hindenburg had brought in Hitler .	2	4
My neighbourhood has been surrounded by American troops for three days now , helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop .	3	2
Great for the kiddies - they love the labyrinth ( do n't forget to tell 'em it s really a ' pagen ' thing ! ) .	9	0
I have attempted to revise them to make them clearer .	9	2
You want to take advantage of the new features not found in ANSI-89 SQL , such as :	13	2
i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs .	4	2
Can you provide me with more details ?	0	2
If you would be so kind , could you possibly let me know of your status over the next couple of days ?	12	2
In earlier periods the large majority of participants were law enforcement agents , reflecting the priority to establish closer professional ties for a more efficient fight against euro counterfeiting .	20	2
Hence the lack of solitude , the inability to be alone in the spiritual sense , and to arrive at a life of intellectual creativity . "	7	2
Get masking tape or packing tape and tape screws and other little things that came out of something back against it .	7	2
It is the real thing - I have been practicing Pilates for over 7 years and would not go anywhere else .	8	2
As of today , we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders ' letter dated November 16 , 2000 .	2	2
Simply type in the following United Way link , http://unitedway.enron.com or go directly to Internet Explorer or Netscape and type in unitedway.enron.com in the address field .	21	0
Since they knew our preferences , we almost always went along with their menu suggestions and were never sorry we did .	3	3
I have 5 sisters and so including my mom ... he is the only guy in a house of six females .	7	3
( we live in Pennsylvania btw ) I 'm mad and upset now !	6	0
The rapid development of Łódź in the second half of the 19th century was brought about by the rise of enormous industrialist fortunes .	0	2
I would not have gone back , but I could n't find the particular tire they 'd used in stock anywhere else .	9	2
They 've been complete pain in the asses !	6	2
Abby is our beloved friend , and we are trying to raise money for her any way we can , so this prize money is important to help her continue to receive her life - saving treatments .	8	4
We all laughed at the idea , except for a chemist with a crooked nose and rouge caked in the creases of her face , who was incensed .	28	0
They explained that elk in Yellowstone used to browse unmolested on young aspen and willow growing near the banks of streams , a behavior that prevented the saplings from reaching mature stages and increased the possibility of soil erosion .	5	2
Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me .	2	1
76 - Percentage of 215 cities surveyed by the US Conference of Mayors in early 2004 that had yet to receive a dime in federal homeland security assistance for their first - response units .	18	1
I would beseech you to transfer a sum equaling ten to twenty - five percent ( 10 - 25 % ) of your yearly income to our account to aid in this important venture .	22	2
Harry , Ron , Fred and George were planning to go up the hill to a small paddock the Weasleys owned .	0	2
Can you pass this along to Elizabeth to ensure Sanders is on board as well ?	1	3
Once Shakespeare mastered traditional blank verse , he began to interrupt and vary its flow .	10	2
He said angrily to Wentz , directing the remark at the wife through the husband , What did you get in return that was worth it ?	20	1
He allowed his boy – an overfed young negro from the coast – to treat the white men , under his very eyes , with provoking insolence .	12	0
I was not happy with the way they looked , very wavy , uneven edges , and with the exception of 1 , there is a dip in the center of each nail .	5	2
Harry thought he heard the voices downstairs falter .	6	1
Cargill Ferrous International is the full name of this division and set up as such in GCP with a Sub - to - Legal Link to Cargill , Inc. per GCP procedure .	25	1
" We are moving in the right direction : the Paris Agreement will slow climate change , as will the recent Kigali Amendment to reduce HFCs , " said Erik Solheim , head of UN Environment .	23	1
Some schools may have students wear the same thing and others may just require any type of leotard and tights and sometimes ballet skirts .	7	1
He was , he said , ' very , very uneasy . '	8	0
In late September 2001 , it was announced that the President was seeking a blanket waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in connection with pursuing the militant islamists .	15	2
Images of the boy wearing a NASA T-shirt and handcuffed by the police were quickly posted and reposted online .	3	2
In regards to death metal , the problem is , once again , a question of education , history and the vacuous lack of perspective in American culture .	25	1
But iPhone was the first " Officiol " touch screen smart phone .	2	6
I recommend you to everyone in Calgary , as she is a professional and the cost for her was low .	17	5
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .	18	1
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	27	4
It is the text of a speech given by an Arab gentleman before the advisory board of a large multi-nation corporation .	14	1
By boosting productivity , increasing returns on investment , and facilitating technological adaption and innovation , South Korea 's abundance of well - educated workers has served as the foundation for its export - oriented development strategy .	31	2
As undergoing a pilgrimage to Mecca is a mandatory religious duty for all Muslims who physically and financially can , millions of pilgrims arrive in Mecca each year for the Hajj .	29	2
I highly recommend Debi , she does an amazing job , I " love " the way she cuts my hair , extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .	13	2
It was their owl , a youngster who had hatched out down in the field and was heard every night .	12	1
Winter defied his own board and Gov. Gray Davis when he filed a 50 - page request to remove the caps , records and interviews show .	8	2
On the whole river there was nothing that looked half so nautical .	3	2
If you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualizations to help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence , try the following before moving onto the more formal method below .	33	0
A Bronze Age astronomical observatory was constructed there around 1900 BC and continuously served the nearby community that lived there until about 700 BC .	19	1
In the standing photo ( from the front ) there is a corner of a rug creeping in , some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord .	11	2
I still have surgically induced hair loss .	2	4
The Bergeron classification is the most widely accepted form of air mass classification .	12	2
Due to the shared climate , geology , and access to the sea , cultures centered on the Mediterranean tended to have some extent of intertwined culture and history .	1	1
He also ordered that the receiver not get a ( I think chrome ) coating that helped keep the gun from jamming .	1	1
I love her and want to help her but I do n't know when I 'll be able to take her to to vet :( please help .	6	2
However , the last buses from the city centre leave at around 8 pm in the evenings and you are not allowed to leave your car in a Park and Ride overnight .	16	2
And all that time you 're overseas you 'll be racking up interest .	5	4
<< OLE Object : Picture ( Device Independent Bitmap ) >>	10	0
Coconut oil also produces good results .	2	1
To say that windmills were knights , that a barber 's basin was a helmet , that puppets were real people ?	13	2
Full reconciliation of contracts within the OBSF to Barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to AS400 Barclays account	23	1
Corrado Passera withdraws the offer for Mps due to " the attitude of total closure that the Bank has shown to us " .	19	2
The following quote is from that Coogan article :	2	2
When you select one or more items in the filter field , the data that 's displayed and calculated in the entire PivotTable view changes to reflect those items .	10	2
also , you can call em ahead of time , and then go to pick up ur food , or have it delivered ** .	11	1
Chris	0	2
remember to visit with him while he is in the room , and tell him how good he is .	17	5
When near the buildings I met a white man , in such an unexpected elegance of get-up that in the first moment I took him for a sort of vision .	4	4
can children go on the Eurostar train on there own to France and where about is the Eurostar located	0	2
He sits down , saying that the influence of Yasir Arafat is evidently weakening and fading .	1	6
The Caribbean Sea had been unknown to the populations of Eurasia until 1492 , when Christopher Columbus first sailed into Caribbean waters on a quest to find a sea route to Asia .	31	2
I went to work the next day , turning , so to speak , my back on that station .	13	0
I have never been to any of these places so any suggestions and or advice would be most welcome .	17	1
Stephanie 's knowledge of the market and properties in our price range , made us feel secure in our decision to buy when we did .	9	3
moving with a pod was the best moving experience i have had .	8	2
The Mets matched that run in their half of the inning on a double by Wilson and a single by Youngblood .	0	2
60 - Percentage of Iraq 's urban areas with access to potable water in late 2003 .	11	1
Does Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version ?	7	2
Let 's regroup on Monday .	5	0
Once , I remember , we came upon a man-of-war anchored off the coast .	13	2
It was Khalid Mohammed who told authorities about Aafia Siddiqui , who has a PhD from Brandeis in neurology .	11	1
and hopefully you do not know the same people because he tells others about you payment status .	15	2
In Balzac Ewelina found a kindred spirit for her emotional and social desires , with the added benefit of feeling a connection to the glamorous capital of France .	24	1
How will resources be allocated to care for the elderly , especially in slow - growing economies where existing public pension schemes and old - age health plans are patently unsustainable ?	4	2
Using the Virtual Microscope volunteers can search over the collector for the tracks of the interstellar dust particles .	12	2
It was the fault of the parts supplier , and can we imagine how he felt having to put another 2 hours of work in the car .	27	0
Sounds like your 2 at least tolerate each other , so there is hope there .	8	1
He was very clean , very nice to work with and gave a very reasonable price .	0	5
You look for sleighs and frost when you hear this jingle-belling .	3	2
Expressions such as " with bated breath " ( Merchant of Venice ) and " a foregone conclusion " ( Othello ) have found their way into everyday English speech .	8	0
- 10 piece Chicken McNuggets	3	2
You can filter fields in the row , column , and detail areas .	3	2
Thank you ,	2	0
Quinn would have liked to offer to help , but he could not budge .	13	2
It will be interesting to see whether or not Google will finally slay the Microsoft Goliath , who has known no major defeat and seeks to vanquish all competition .	24	6
I have visited Dr. Cooper 's office twice and I am very impressed with how friendly and polite the staff is .	2	2
7 . Delete the definition of Costs as it is already defined in Section 6.2.1 .	2	3
However , the last buses from the city centre leave at around 8 pm in the evenings and you are not allowed to leave your car in a Park and Ride overnight .	1	0
Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said the governor felt " betrayed " by the actions of Winter .	16	0
Which , I might add is the same foot that keeps crumbling with the nails .	6	2
Now I was ready to make and to bake – only in my heart , actually – a small , perfect unleavened wafer to eat with my beloved Paschal Lamb .	25	1
If ERCOT goes the way of California - either due to market power or poor market design rules - it will be a bad day for deregulation and for Pat Wood .	12	2
Princeton islamist scholar Bernard Lewis has explained that while islamists may disagree about whether killing innocents is sanctioned by the laws of jihad , extremists like Zawahiri agree that notice must be given before biochemical weapons are used .	7	1
For those with a larger appetite for the scenery and a larger budget , there are some hotel complexes much closer to the action with views of parts of the falls .	26	1
Consequently , the proposals could , in practice , produce the opposite effect to that intended and become an obstacle to increased competition .	11	1
After all , in a world of solid farmers , useful craftsmen , dissolute aristocrats , and flunkies , demand for manufactured items and flunkies was limited by how much of each aristocrats could use .	26	2
" Beijing may end up in a early 1990s Japan situation , where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them . "	14	6
It is spectacular .	2	1
I assume this is akin to why McDonald 's trademarks " Mc " Everything ?	9	6
3 ) If he shows no interest in water , then take him back to your vet .	10	1
Cards , wrapping paper , paper , and an area to sit down and talk with someone to design your own invitations or for whatever else your custom printing needs may be .	19	2
Today we went for a party ( during lunch , so the place was empty ) with about 25 other people .	9	0
He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .	11	1
Let us hope , therefore , that the proposals of the Commission will be sufficient to make sure this job will be done effectively .	17	1
I turned to Whitman to find some understanding of what is happening in the world right now .	7	2
Having a security question is a useful way to verify you own your account if you ever lose access to it .	5	3
There are some good beaches and plenty of secluded cove beaches and protected bays with good snorkelling .	16	1
Such cooperation should make the utmost use of electronic means of communication and relevant Community programmes .	13	1
deleting a question where you do nt like the answer wo n't get you better answers ... i refer to my previous answer :	3	1
Yes you can carry your duty free bottles , and liquids onto your connection as it is only a domestic flight :-)	20	2
Glad to hear that they are all healthy and were a good size , and that Mom is doing well .	13	0
During their various collaborations , it is not clear who between the two conceived of some stylistic solutions in the arrangements that later on characterised both artists ' style .	18	1
Figured they 'd contacted them , but wanted to make sure .	8	1
Ineos is an English company which has a majority of its operations in the US .	13	2
He chose not to seek a third term in the following election cycle .	5	2
This deviation shows that Eco definitely has a significant amount of option value which can be exploited with quick reactions and favourable market movements .	9	2
It is naïve for emerging - market governments to expect major financial centers to adjust their policies in response to economic conditions elsewhere .	12	2
( 30 ) One of the main roles of harmonised standards should be to help manufacturers in applying the implementing measures adopted under this Directive .	15	2
In the 20-minute PlayStation VR demonstration of Batman : Arkham VR , players are dropped down a secret elevator in Bruce Wayne 's manor , to the Bat Cave , to suit up .	19	1
You add the water and put water conditioner into the water .	3	2
Review on House of Joy Chinese Restaurant	5	2
Everyone knows you must be crazy to come of your own free will to one of these countries .	16	2
we purchased a new home but was unable to sell our old house so we contacted this property management company and they have helped us quickly rent out our house and keep it maintained .	18	2
The porter addressed both men as Mukwayi , the respectful term became servile during the long time when it was used indiscriminately for any white man .	0	2
We are currently living a mile from the town in a house surrounded by fields but the new house is beside a busy road .	8	2
one about uncontrollable lust for a married woman of dark complexion ( the " dark lady " ) , and one about conflicted love for a fair young man ( the " fair youth " ) .	31	0
The attached documents include the GA II Settlement proposal , an Attachment ( a copy of PG&E 's proposed Gas Rule 27 ) , and a set of supporting workpapers .	16	2
Then he turned to look at Ron , who was watching him almost nervously , as though waiting for his opinion .	14	0
Well - when you pay over $ 1000 for something you want it to hold up and look good !!!	12	5
A Swedish study has shown that animals seldom , if at all , land after the 2 month breeding period .	3	6
Newsweek reported that a " second wave " involving biological attacks had been thwarted upon the arrest of Al Qaeda members who had been intended to provide logistical support .	3	2
The best customer service I 've come across for long time .	10	2
Few points :	1	2
So long Ham s ... you will be missed .	0	1
Madam President , I do not wish to reopen the debate , but I had also asked for the floor , to comment on Mr Barón Crespo 's motion .	20	0
I was going into the yellow . Dead in the center .	3	1
By the end of 2005 , you 'll feel more confident , more determined , and far more capable of making the mountains come to you !	11	0
San Francisco was settled in the 19th and 20th century by mainly European immigrants except for some Asian workers who were manual laborers .	2	6
Per my conversation with Edmund this morning , we are moving the following countries to the non-approved list : Austria , Belgium , Croatia , Czech Republic , Denmark , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Singapore , and Slovenia .	30	2
Specifically , schemas define the rules of an XML data document , including element names and data types , which elements can appear in combination , and which attributes are available for each element .	30	1
So , let us take the gloves off .	2	3
I visited the festival on Saturday night , the opening night , and there was a sea of people in the square .	21	2
He also said that the other five companies making the short list all proposed alternative structures to the proposed NiMo Tier Structure .	16	1
When starting off , follow closely to a language you like .	3	0
With single servings like this , you can decide which flavor(s) you like best and proceed to making bottles , if you desire .	0	1
" When dandelions have set the mark of May on Wisconsin pastures , it is time to listen for the final proof of spring , " wrote Aldo Leopold in " A Sand County Almanac . "	2	2
Just wanted to know were we stand on the ETA and PA for Argentina ?	3	2
Yet here you sit at dinner with charming people in a dining room like any other .	6	1
Mr President , I would once again like to congratulate Mr Koch on his magnificent work on this other report , which in a way supplements the debate which we held in October on rail transport .	11	1
The staff was friendly , especially the front desk female supervisor , and seemed to want to help , but too many unusual things happened to make us want to stay there again .	29	1
He and his master dragged me to my room and held judgment upon me as a convicted traitress .	3	2
Whereas , trying to translate and grapple with wordy meanings is an intellectual mechanism - an analytical process .	1	0
Lied right to my face then denied it .	6	4
Alcoholic drinks like beer , mead , bjórr ( a strong fruit wine ) and , for the rich , imported wine , were served .	13	0
11 . In Events of Default , clause ( a ) refers to a dispute section which I 'm not sure exists .	3	2
Copies will be distributed .	3	3
Nonetheless , if the English law had been accepted , the daughters of Luis X , Felipe V and Carlos IV would have had more of a claim to the throne , above their aunt Isabella of France .	36	1
We look forward to your active participation to make this forum an exciting meeting place for like minded individuals .	1	4
Thank you , Mr Segni , I shall do so gladly .	8	2
on top , t-shirts are acceptable , though a button-front or polo shirt would be best .	9	2
A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and the Middle East .	5	4
F.O.B. refers to the following terms : Seller is responsible for freight , unloading and storage up to and including delivery in warehouse , Buyer is responsible for storage , loading and freight after delivery .	19	1
She basically said if the children getting off the bus are n't paying to enter her building she was going to let them wander around the streets .	4	2
Buddakan inevitably attracts the majority of its guests simply because of its association with Steven Starr , but that does n't impress me .	10	1
Both towns have airports that are served regularly from the larger cities such as Sao Paulo , Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aires .	6	3
If anyone has any questions or concerns about the timing of these payments , please give me a call .	5	1
( 13 ) It may be necessary and justified to establish specific quantified ecodesign requirements for some products or environmental aspects thereof in order to ensure that their environmental impact is minimised .	30	6
But Europe will not stand by while the world 's trade rules are flouted .	0	1
" In Argentina , beef is revered , respected , and praised .	10	1
I have had several close encounters with both foxes and wild deer .	10	1
Do not drink if underage in your country .	5	1
Mercedes and Dan are very thorough and on top of everything !	9	1
He can eat all his feed and does n't drop any , but can not eat hay from lack of muscle to chew it .	14	1
Have distributed to Western GA team ( plus Steffes ) for comment and thought you may have some , too .	2	1
These are concentrated rays , but they do not penetrate down to where we usually are .	15	4
This Muggle woman bought it , took it home and tried to serve her friends tea in it .	9	1
How do we accurately assess the fact that , owing to medical progress , heart surgery is more likely to be successful now than in the past , leading to a significant increase in life expectancy and quality of life ?	27	0
You need to substitute a special character sequence ( called an " entity " by XML ) as follows :	19	0
It 's a book of opening , Overtures I called it , and there is no end to the stories .	17	1
Jews do , it is well known , make inordinate demands upon themselves and upon one another .	11	1
In other words , those Americans were there by their own choice , mired in a situation that was totally predictable .	11	2
Maybe even try to get your mom to hold it a bit .	9	5
I saw him , later on , for several days , sitting in a bit of shade looking very sick and trying to recover himself :	12	1
Articles in peer-reviewed academic journals including Social Science & Medicine have characterized homeopathy as a form of quackery .	9	2
There are several just off their beautiful beach .	1	4
However , the real development of Łódź started with the industrial era at the beginning of the 19th century when the city was chosen to be the heart of the rapidly-growing textile industry .	25	2
I look forward to seeing you all there .	2	1
I had buried my husband in a lead box sunk into the mud of the bottom of the river , where all the riverboatmen lie .	11	2
The Hong Kong legislative election was held on Sunday , with a record-breaking turnout of around 2 million voters and turnout rate of 58 % .	21	2
" Q Thank you -- I was wondering , there 's a lot of talk right now about memoirs being written with the former President .	6	6
It arrests us .	0	5
He paused to examine a long coil of hangman 's rope and to read , smirking , the card propped on a magnificent necklace of opals :	25	2
The company gets busy but you never have to wait long because they ARE orginizied , so you are in , out , and paid well for your scrap	6	1
Tangipahoa Parish sheriff 's deputy Christopher Blair Labat , 24 , was booked Tuesday on one count of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature .	8	0
Al - Zawahiri attempted to use Musharraf 's lack of progress in helping the Muslims of that Indian state as a justification for his overthrow .	8	2
Have a good trip where - ever you end up .	2	1
Or you can visit temples or shrines in Okinawa .	1	3
In addition , we 've used our revenue on things like buying carbon offsets to become carbon neutral .	13	2
The most well known effects of IDD are visible goiter and cretinism , a condition characterised by severe brain damage occurring in very early life .	23	1
" Balzac himself attributed his condition to " intellectual congestion " , but his extended confinement in the " alcove " was surely a factor .	24	2
So should Ukraine really be forced to create a new constitutional order based on the Big Lie ?	3	1
He refused to believe them and ordered the military to win the war within two to three years ( before the next election in 1968 ) .	25	0
The traffic of the great city went on in the deepening night upon the sleepless river .	1	2
The Yalta Temptation .	2	2
I found Bright Star Tours and Travels and Best and Affordable Tour Operators and Tours Agents in Chennai , India offered me Student Tour India Package for very less price .	14	2
The current complaints allege that HANO has not provided qualified former St. Thomas residents a preference with respect to available public housing units at River Garden per the 2003 agreement .	0	2
I am made to feel special when I am in the chair and I have NEVER had a less than amazing cut or color experience .	4	2
Since your own death approaches far more quickly , this is unlikely to be of any use to you .	7	1
The Incas treated the crop as sacred and referred to quinoa as " chisaya mama " or " mother of all grains . " [ 1 ]	20	1
In spite of everything , it was impossible for Quinn not to feel glad of this .	6	6
The largest of the trainers , this addition will allow visitors to actually climb aboard the trainer and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get .	8	2
The labor - participation rate for women with post - secondary education is 64 % , far exceeding the 35 % rate for those with only a primary or middle - school education .	2	0
The only hope now is that , following the elections , the National Assembly would offer the hand of peace and reconciliation to the dissenting parties .	21	2
Do all your chores without being nagged , take care of any existing pets , keep your room clean , and so on .	6	3
Users with an Office 2002 license can also create , design , and modify components in a design environment such as Microsoft FrontPage or Microsoft Access .	5	2
What are some GOOD 18 + clubs in the bay area ?	3	1
Use a funnel to make everything safe and easy .	4	2
The tag builds on the original punchline or twists back on it in a surprising way .	3	1
And then , exactly a year ago , Hogwarts had written to Harry , and the whole story had come out .	13	0
They are confined in this way until they finally die .	10	0
8 - Number of members of the US Senate and House of Representatives who have a child serving in the military .	20	2
It is rather as if Puritans in seventeenth-century dress and observing seventeenth-century customs were to be found still living in Boston or Plymouth .	9	1
the bird must know that when you open the cage door it means that you will put him in the cage , and birds do n't usually like cages .	15	2
We just moved to a town outside Philly a couple of months back so I 'm not an expert on the area .	19	1
In other words , there is a conflict between the parafiscal and fiscal aims ; you can not have your cake and eat it .	2	2
At the Darunta complex where jihadis trained , recruits would wear green uniforms , except for Friday when they were washed .	6	4
Whatever you do ............... DO NOT try to come here with out legal permission .	7	1
No one 's going to hire you if you ca n't even spell , especially if you 're a high school graduate .	19	1
Only Caucasians had any political power , corporate presence or owned businesses except for Mom and Pop stores in some neighborhoods .	0	1
The problem is that the vast silent majority of these Moslems are not part of the terror and the incitement , but they also do not stand up against it .	6	1
The in - service date of May 1 , will be very difficult to attain .	11	1
That rejection got to the point that George Harrison kicked Yoko Ono in the Apple studios during the filming of Let it Be .	4	2
Anyway , I got you message , and I got the World Series thing ( although I had already received	13	2
In 1594 PEREZ wrote & published a book under the assumed name of " RAPHAEL PEREGRINO . "	9	2
7 - Number of Arabic linguists fired by the US army between mid-August and mid-October 2002 for being gay .	15	1
yes do not hold any animal s mouth shut it wil close their air way , he s just a kitty and they are very rambunctious , get him toys .	8	1
I think I gained three pounds in my week long cruise .	5	2
We step into the street and my friend David Shahar , whose chest is large , takes a deep breath and advises me to do the same .	1	4
In addition , LTTE activity in the Andaman Sea is well known to local observers .	3	2
White shirt , open at the neck ; white pants , white shoes , white socks .	7	0
He had a uniform jacket with one button off , and seeing a white man on the path , hoisted his weapon to his shoulder with alacrity .	6	1
And then you say you wo n’t commit a mistake , so you ’ll commit new mistakes .	16	2
People do not go to Ireland on holiday for the weather , it is unpredictable .	9	2
This section pertains to terminated employees who are paid out in the year following the termination event .	11	2
Adolf Hitler even held an exhibition of ' degenerate art ' in 1937 , while curating a parallel show of ' Aryan ' art across the street .	8	1
London is a deliteful city to visit and easy to get around .	5	1
Very pleased to meet you , Ron 's told us so much about –	0	1
It 's principle except a number of cases , for example , the babies are orphans or not to have father .	15	2
Realizing he would have trouble finding a composer , however , he turned to other pursuits .	2	5
Thunderstorms are rare , as the city reports thunder on just seven days per year .	13	1
The submarine incident was put down to a " technical error " by the Chinese government , which apologised to Japan .	2	2
22 m - Number of jobs gained during Clinton 's eight years in office .	10	1
maybe it 's beacuse you love to work with animals and you just ca n't be ha[[y if you were n't soing that job	23	2
We took our vehicle in for a repair to the air conditioning .	6	2
It 's a pretty typical primary care office but for the area it 's very good .	8	1
Thank you Doctor Gonzales , Doctor Stout , Eva Marie and the entire staff !	4	0
To the north in Lebanon , there is serious debate within Hezbollah about entering the Lebanese political process in light of Syria 's promised withdrawal .	19	2
It was formed to allow many different guilds who were all strictly honorable to come together as a family and allow them many people to game with .	16	1
Feel the meaning , do n't just think of its wordy meaning or try to translate from Sanskrit ( BABA NAM KEVALAM ) to an English meaning ( Infinite peace and happiness ) .	33	0
Lenny is a persistent bachelor who has poor luck with women .	0	2
I thought of canceling the lesson once again because I did n't feel comfortable driving an SUV .	17	0
Secretive efforts keep outsiders in the dark about the program 's goals	4	1
there will be some girls there and then we can get them to meet up with us at that garden in the heights party later that night .	7	1
The games will have to take place on Fri , Sat , or Sun .	12	1
He was great by this little thing that it was impossible to tell what could control such a man .	18	2
In 1987 , the Tamil Tigers reluctantly accepted the peace accord under Indian pressure .	2	0
However , Pyrrhus was forced to leave Sicily in order to attend to business in southern Italy .	4	2
Here and there were bits of charred debris in the gutters .	3	4
We would like to pursue an offer to Rick Fehl prior to the next Executive Committee meeting on May 7 , 2001 .	10	1
Or has it occurred since birth .	6	0
A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated : will NBC have its best sports broadcasters following the event after having worked the Winter Olympics ?	17	2
Am I scheduled to attend ?	3	1
Our last call was Iris Kind , Bill Savier ( sp ? ) , and Jeff Davis .	11	0
Whereas Member States have pledged themselves to achieve , in co - operation with the United Nations , the promotion of universal respect for and observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms ;	4	2
we will not go over Global 's piece of the Cargill line ...	2	1
I get Microdermabrasions regularly and I love the environment	3	1
Parents prosecuted after homeopathic treatment leads to daughter 's death	8	1
She told me that was to bad she would do nothing to help me since she could not use or resell the piece .	12	2
I think for starters , myself and those of you who believe in God could say a special prayer for them .	7	2
by 1776 he had become Secretary to the King 's Council and a Freemason .	1	1
To Stay in Varanasi - Sandeep Hotel is you choice ...	5	2
By then , he was sufficiently well known in London to be attacked in print by the playwright Robert Greene in his Groats - Worth of Wit :	19	1
I need suggestions for San Francisco restaurants with good food and good catering service .?	14	0
Rusted , torn corners in the stalls , unhealthy air , straight load instead of slant load can all make travelling hard , if not downright dangerous , on your horse .	6	2
“ There have no business being there unless they are undermining Pakistan , ’’ says a Pakistani official .	15	2
Regards	0	2
Everyone was so helpful that I can not wait to go back .....	11	1
Among Thais , there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai should be given .	9	1
Jan Smutney - Jones , who was the ISO board chairman at the time and executive director of a group that represents power generators , said Winter did not consult him about eliminating the price cap .	36	0
There was silence and then he heard that there were voices in the silence droning somewhere , breaking off for breath , laughing – not softly , but softened by being almost out of earshot .	17	2
Rules in the room : # 1 ) if you drink the soda from the fridge in your room you must prove it by leaving the can in the trash .	10	4
The license granted in Section 3 above is expressly made subject to and limited by the following restrictions :	3	1
Two enormous green eyes had appeared among the leaves .	3	2
We are obliged to do so because we are the representatives of the citizens in a Europe of Citizens and not just in a Europe of States and of Regions .	9	2
The Kashmir issue generates far more terrorism , and even the threat of nuclear war , than Iraq ever did .	3	6
Later traditions maintain that he also played Adam in As You Like It and the Chorus in Henry V , though scholars doubt the sources of the information .	24	2
A nearly infinite reserve of energy propels the characters in Balzac 's novels .	13	0
" I ca n't accept such a sacrifice from you . "	6	2
It resurfaced painfully later when - as a renowned and busy author - he traveled to Sardinia in the hopes of reprocessing the slag from the Roman mines in that country .	18	2
The islands lie 860 km east of Christchurch , in the middle of the " Roaring Forties " .	8	0
Find multiple methods for making Skittles vodka after the jump -- and soon you 'll be tasting the rainbow !	11	1
It 's an entirely up and down experience , however .	3	1
Any of the tip - top places have great ice - cream , get them to mix it up .	12	0
Even in the best of times , it did not lead to an increase in living standards ( except for the bankers ) , and it eventually led to the crisis from which we are only now recovering .	25	3
Since Emperor Meiji , it has been customary to have one era per Emperor and to rename each Emperor after his death using the name of the era over which he presided .	5	6
In the New Territories East geographical constituency , pan-democracy camp councillors Alvin Yeung from the Civic Party , Fernando Cheung of the Labour Party , Raymond Chan of People Power , and Leung Kwok-hung of LSD were successfully elected .	34	1
My family loves coming to Endo Sushi . They are very nice , it is never crowded , and the food is wonderful , very delicious and fresh !	2	6
it was assumed that he would pick up family and other relationships merely by being exposed to them .	8	2
I work 2 hours away but offered my card over the phone .	3	2
If demand were to increase , so too would risk capital , regardless of whether the markets are fragmented or not .	7	1
Another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time , meaning users can not retrieve them and read them later ( as they can with e-mail ) .	16	2
Although disability is not contagious , interest in disabled sports might put into question the masculinity of the males following it .	8	1
Or they were n't eyewitnesses and are just lying .	5	1
being accepted with such immediate casual friendliness by everyone was rather like being forced to learn a foreign language by finding oneself alone among people who spoke nothing else :	16	2
I remember signing my first autograph to a kid when I was 25 years old .	3	3
I have eaten here several times and every time the service is slower than slow .	7	1
It was the evening when Bray , Neil , Evelyn Odara , one of the South African refugees , the Pettigrews , and a few others set off for the Sputnik Bar .	6	0
Atop Spring Mountain , from the decks of the West porch , " one can see forever " a scene of unparalleled beauty and grandeur .	10	2
She is important to Africa 's future not only because she is a farmer , but also because she is a woman .	12	3
They offer sales that are n't really sales , mislabeled items that make the item sound like a good deal when it is n't , a bad attitude about return items , and on and on .	1	4
They were voted down and the reasons will no doubt be put once again by Mrs Bonino .	13	1
Arrogance and smugness is often a reflection of limited life experience , and feeling concerned that those with greater life experience " have got something over them " .	8	1
Gasping for breath she pulled a large clothes brush out of her bag and began sweeping off the soot Hagrid had n't managed to beat away .	18	2
According to senior counter terrorism officials , both here and abroad , among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it .	29	2
He earned 137 points in 1970 - 1971 .	5	1
Please give me a call if you would like to discuss .	3	2
Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !	6	2
I believe it is workable , though it may be somewhat complicated .	4	1
I called the " 207 " number and listened to the same recording loop 3 times before I gave up .	11	1
I would have had to because with the economy the way it is i ai nt haves much monies fo repairs round the House ....	6	1
You should book or ensure accommodation before you board a flight for the Chathams , as during the popular months of the tourism season , between October and April , accommodation can be severely limited .	16	1
Please advise as to who his replacement is and their report date .	7	6
And I woke up .	4	0
While the Museum of Flight was in the top running , I m disappointed that NASA did not choose them .	13	2
Valeska Paris , an Australian woman and former Scientologist , has claimed that the Church of Scientology imprisoned her for twelve years aboard the Scientology - owned cruise ship , Freewinds .	0	2
The lady at pet smart said 4 hours , but on places on the net it says 10 to 12 hours .	20	2
Some commentators have seen this change in mood as evidence of a more serene view of life on Shakespeare 's part , but it may merely reflect the theatrical fashion of the day .	16	2
Native Americans across the Americas relied on it as a staple of their medical treatments .	8	1
Five months after his wedding , on 18 August , Balzac died .	11	5
Add onions , peppers , mushrooms , or any other type of desired vegetable or herb into the saucepan ( optional ) .	19	0
Quinn pushed the door open , walked through the lobby , and rode the elevator to the eleventh floor .	13	2
( 18 ) For the assessment of voluntary agreements or other self-regulation measures presented as alternatives to implementing measures , information on at least the following issues should be available :	17	3
Could you send me a set ?	4	2
Ironically , arrogant people often ca n't understand why they do n't have any reliable and supportive friends .	3	2
The Needle report on the European Union 's new public health policy seems to ignore this fact completely .	12	6
Also , you can set the line style of borders . For example , you can specify that a border consists of dashes or dots .	18	2
" All you have to do is look at the photographs , " Ed Bangs , wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , told UPI 's Blue Planet ,	17	2
You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .	2	2
5 - Number of years the Bush administration said in 2003 that global warming must be further studied before substantive action could be taken .	13	2
The promotion by the pro-Zionist right of twin occupations - in the West Bank and in Iraq - has profoundly weakened , not strengthened , Israeli security .	11	2
Build in or add something to the elevator .	8	0
Thank you for reading if you did ! :)	5	3
Got to get back to work !	6	0
I came to La Crosse to go to college , and my mom would send me birthday flowers though here .	7	1
I sincerely wonder if the doctor has a clue about what is going on within his practice .	13	1
It is situated in Yorkshire , North Yorkshire , England with some of the best preserved historical buildings and structures in Europe .	22	0
He was the third child of eight and the eldest surviving son .	10	3
If elected governor , how will you be able to implement your agenda while dealing with a hostile legislature ?	19	0
I was unable to say much about it in my Risk Electricity Hedging and Trading report because of deadline pressures .	5	1
When annoyed at meal-times by the constant quarrels of the white men about precedence , he ordered an immense round table to be made , for which a special house had to be built .	31	1
Our experience of art develops from the interaction of several cognitive and affective processes ; the beginning of which is a visual scan of the artwork .	4	6
The reason for advertising the video in Germany is unclear .	5	2
The line in the POA is a seperate and distinct measure from the daily collateral .	1	2
The metal rail of the steps wheeled against the plane was icy-wet to his palm and in the streaming rain he did not smell the Aegean or thyme , as he had remembered from other journeys to Africa .	24	2
They wandered here and there with their absurd long staves in their hands , like a lot of faithless pilgrims bewitched inside a rotten fence .	3	1
From 1939 to the outbreak of World War II , the municipality experienced the mining boom .	15	2
Madam President , I should like to draw your attention to a case in which this Parliament has consistently shown an interest .	8	1
The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of Ismail Khan , the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month , who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners .	36	0
On the third landing , a door stood ajar .	6	2
Because elevator rides usually last less than a minute , make sure your pranks are quick and have a lot of punch .	0	1
" I 'm pretty suspicious of making broad generalizations , " however , he cautioned .	9	0
And the massages are heavenly !	3	4
The islands are in their own time zone , 45 minutes ahead of New Zealand time ;	1	2
They met while they were both working on a project as lawyers in Buenos Aires .	5	1
According to the New Zealand Herald , Emeritus Professor John Burrows , the chairman of the project 's panel of twelve , said New Zealand 's flag has never before been open to public choice .	4	2
Best Chineese food in the area	4	2
This Treaty shall enter into force on 1 January 2007 provided that all the instruments of ratification have been deposited before that date .	20	1
The asparagus , seared tuna , and lobster tail were the best we ever had .	2	0
" We are moving in the right direction : the Paris Agreement will slow climate change , as will the recent Kigali Amendment to reduce HFCs , " said Erik Solheim , head of UN Environment .	2	4
You might therefore wish to start right in on the first page of text that follows and only then return to this introduction .	20	1
A plain black leotard and pink tights are usually a safe bet .	9	2
Most playwrights of the period typically collaborated with others at some point , and critics agree that Shakespeare did the same , mostly early and late in his career .	25	1
" But they 're cheerful , and they 're warm and natural .	2	4
If so , then does that mean that if you watched a scary movie and your dog / cat / parrot was in the same room as you they will also get scared ?	3	1
" Nobody thinks that there will be a lot of oil and gas in this part of the world , " he said .	10	2
You might notice some differences in your PivotTable view after you export it to Excel .	2	2
Well one day he said to me You know i do n't wear Underwear as he was bent over Working on my Mare s Right front hoof .. and I was Like Ummmm okay ???	4	4
I understand the imminent cold weather is making things crazy , so now may not be the best time to be in your way .	8	2
- a communication on whether this programme should be continued and adapted , accompanied by an appropriate proposal .	12	0
What do you think about your phone ocnversation with Unlce Ben ( he was almost shocked ) ?	4	1
Ukraine 's government under Yanukovych was incompetent , corrupt , and mendacious .	4	1
87 - Percentage of Humvees in Iraq not equipped with armour capable of stopping AK - 47 rounds and protecting against roadside bombs and landmines at the end of 2003 .	16	1
Iranian officials say they made no objections to Khan ’s ouster because they want to strengthen Karzai ’s campaign against warlords .	11	1
The social status of women is far below what it was in the Western World 150 years ago .	7	1
A few more years may pass before everybody acknowledges that it is a World War , but we are already well into it .	19	1
So you want to flirt with a guy or gal on MSN , AIM , Facebook Chat , or any other instant messaging service and you do n't want to look like a creep ?	17	0
I came upon more pieces of decaying machinery , a stack of rusty rails .	7	2
Lopez 's 1561 book " Libro de la invencion liberal y arte del Juego del Acedraz " became THE classic on Chess openings , including the one that bears his name .	2	1
1972 - Year that Bush walked away from his pilot duties in the Texas National Guard , Nearly two years before his six - year obligation was up .	14	2
To accomplish this , Łódź has been capitalizing on its film history - Łódź is jokingly referred to as the " HollyŁódź " of Poland and hosts several film festivals and many other cultural events .	5	6
Responsive , kept me apprised of status .	0	1
It is a hub for American Airlines and Southwest Airlines .	4	1
He shook hands , I fancy , murmured vaguely , was satisfied with my French .	8	1
The city maintains several tourist information offices , all of which can offer helpful information on accommodation , free maps , and bus connections .	6	2
After going through 5 other places I finally found Janice at Alta Moda .	12	2
Likewise , our GDP metric does not reflect the cost of the increased insecurity individuals may feel with the increased risk of a loss of a job .	24	1
For something that lasts hours , go to the next method ( which is a lot easier to facilitate if you have access to a laboratory , but it 's still worth mentioning ) .	10	2
Madam President , on a point of order .	4	3
Picture yourself sitting on a warm , tropical beach basking in the glow of the sun ... .	13	1
Since then we have decided to have them manage our other investment properties as well as we getting older and can no longer perform all the inquires .	21	1
I think they 'll send us another update once he 's out of emergency and into a room .?	15	1
Leaders of companies such as Spotify , Tesla , Uber and Snapchat will attend a private event in addition to the Mountain View Summit .	16	2
It is hard to extrapolate to other ants , as different species lead very different lives .	16	0
The wires have been humming since before the New Year with reports that the Bush administration is planning an attack on Iran .	15	2
Our friend is a world traveler and loves unpretentious dining experiences and inspired food .	4	2
Textual evidence also supports the view that several of the plays were revised by other writers after their original composition .	19	2
Let me tell you how this works and most important , why it works ..........	11	1
When he joined the group , they were listening to her .	9	1
As the hysteria of the 2016 Presidential election intensifies , a more troubling threat than bullshit preoccupies Karel .	9	0
In the time it takes me to explain she grasps and loses the words , grasps and loses phrases as they go past .	5	4
The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend , facing off teams of video gamers in a packed hall .	20	0
Seizures will occur when the toxins that the kidney normally filters out are released into the blood stream .	14	1
The smile faded slightly from Mr Borgin 's face .	8	2
I would NOT recommend having a party here or even going here .	3	2
He Would Tear Down Our System Of Checks And Balances , Giving Far Too Much Power To The President	10	0
That would eliminate the disturbing calls , at least temporarily .	3	2
Sulphur is a key plant nutrient vital to healthy growth , but UK soils are naturally deficient in this essential mineral .	11	1
First the dancer begins in the starting position : the hands together and raised over the head .	10	2
The bib has a wallet pocket and a watch pocket .	4	2
At the moment Shalev is in Levico Terme , Trento , Italy for a conference .	11	2
Little children are raised on deep hatred and on admiration of so - called martyrs , and the Western World does not notice it because its own TV sets are mostly tuned to soap operas and game shows .	36	2
I remain convinced that if we can just get the facts in front of people they will modulate their approach .	14	2
Women usually have more childcare and household responsibilities than men , which make it difficult for them to devote as much time to farm work , or even to supervise hired labor .	17	1
Mitch Kapor got the name for his company from ' The Lotus Position ' or ' Padmasana ' .	11	2
All of us as MEPs are small employers too .	7	2
Al Qaeda 's anthrax production plans on Khalid Mohammed 's computer did not evidence knowledge of advanced techniques in the most efficient biological weapons .	21	1
the compound word for this phrase , in the language that was spoken round the capital , and that he had never really known well .	15	2
These included run-on lines , irregular pauses and stops , and extreme variations in sentence structure and length .	7	1
" To arrive at the truth " , he wrote in the preface to Le Lys dans La Vallée , " writers use whatever literary device seems capable of giving the greatest intensity of life to their characters .	33	1
He had gotten his hair cut , trimmed his nails , washed his neck and behind his ears .	15	1
Sufaat was arrested in December 2001 upon his return to Malaysia .	7	4
In the light , Margot Wentz 's head was the figurehead of a ship above the hulk of her body :	15	2
He had even imagined the conversation that would follow : he , suavely diffident as the stranger praised the book , and then , with great reluctance and modesty , agreeing to autograph the title page , since you insist .	7	2
I met Gwenzi 's brother in London one day while he was at Gray 's Inn ;	6	2
hey that 's a great blog , I also have a site about los angeles online dating	16	2
Till I felt somebody touch me on the back .	6	1
It is also important to act decisively against the campaign of lies and fabrications and to monitor those Western media who collaborate with it out of naivety , financial interests or ignorance .	32	0
I had buried my parents in their gray marble mausoleum at the heart of the city .	5	1
“ It ’s not funny , ” Derya says .	2	6
After a series of economic setbacks , health problems , and prohibitions from the Tsar , the couple were finally able to wed .	1	3
I have n't been able to find a shoe repair place in Seattle since that has been able to do it .	5	1
Therefore , if you are staying overnight in York and arriving by car , make sure that your hotel offers parking before you book .	0	1
I fell asleep thinking about how I wished that the Scathalos outrunners were gone .	3	1
It was nice and close to the Taj .	7	2
After my trees were cleaned up , they gave me a jar of salsa .	1	3
We carved out little squares for the ants to live in ( covered with old CD covers to prevent them escaping ! ) .	21	0
Quinn fastened the loop at the end of the string around his middle finger , stood up , and gave it a try .	9	2
Peter Dale Scott includes an account of how Terrell 's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book Cocaine Politics .	13	1
May seem a little silly , but , taking a long ride on the Metra system or the " L " system is a great way to see the city and sites without spending a fortune .	26	1
Whoever wins election on November 5 , 2013 , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .	9	2
he will be freaked out , so going back to his territory will make him much happier .	0	5
Indians arrived from Canada , led by Joseph Brant ; they supported the British because the colonists were expropriating more and more of their lands .	24	2
Say something like , " Huh .	6	0
Then to the beat of " dhin , dhin , ... , ta' , ta' " , the dancers begin their step , placing the big toe behind the heel of the other foot .	19	4
You do n't remember me ?	4	4
Those worthy fellows who 've gone down South to Rhodesia and South Africa where they can feel confident they 'll never have a black man on the Bench to give a verdict as biased as a white man 's .	27	2
When the war ended he came to Israel via Cyprus , joined Kibbutz Sdot Yam , married , and had two children .	21	2
According to Rathbun , a detective for the Los Angeles Sheriff 's office was provided with material from Scientology to build a case against Montalvo .	0	1
BEST PLACE EVER !!!!!!!!!!!!	1	2
HAS MOVED TO 4783 Bay Rd Saginaw , Michigan 48604 ( 989 ) 755-1109	10	0
No , said Auster , who had listened attentively to Quinn 's monologue	0	1
Deal table in the middle , plain chairs all round the walls , on one end a large shining map , marked with all the colors of a rainbow .	25	2
What a neat gem of a restaurant in a corner one would n't expect it .	4	1
Sails are not represented in prehistoric Mesoamerican iconography or texts , instead , it is theorized that canoes were used as a primary mode of water transportation for the ancient Maya .	21	2
42 - Number of nationalities of those detainees at Guantanamo .	8	1
President Vladimir Putin said Russia is will have new nuclear weapons that other countries do not and will not have .	18	1
Projects implemented with support from the Union have had their effect watered down all too often by slow decision making and complicated administrative processes .	19	2
Stardust is a NASA space capsule that collected samples from comet 81P/Wild ( also known as " Wild 2 ) in deep space and landed back on Earth on January 15 , 2006 .	10	2
- Percell, Peter Resume Only.doc	3	0
Backdrop stand .	1	2
It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range of food at all prices and styles .	15	1
I thought it would pass until he started to vomit blood and would nt drink any water .	1	4
They jibbed , ran away , sneaked off with their loads in the night – quite a mutiny .	6	4
The Communist party has the largest number of registered party members in the country and can be considered as the oldest popular political party in Iraq .	16	2
The change is mainly on the Settlement Date text , which instead of " ... Two business days after the date of the Transaction ... " shall read as follow :	19	2
Your ruling planet , Jupiter , will be in a special relationship with Pluto - called " mutual reception " - in 2005 .	0	2
Not when I was there , but I was n't there the whole time .	2	4
Explanations of the origin of music depend on how music is defined .	0	2
The gall of it all is that Bush is stumping for more money to build more refineries , when what he should do is pour money into making the US independent of OPEC or crude oil all together .	23	6
If you did n’t know already , the bib is the top front part with the breast pockets .	14	1
of course , it was only in the wizarding world that he had money ; you could n't use Galleons , Sickles , and Knuts in Muggle shops .	8	1
He recovered and was released from the hospital on April 11 , becoming the first serving U.S. president to survive being shot in an assassination attempt .	4	2
Your amendments uphold two important principles : the right of rightholders to fair remuneration and the fine distinction concerning private digital copies .	22	0
Sure Google , although this would put it on coarse for global domination of the internet by 2014 .	12	2
He 's been frantic , the woman explained .	3	1
He must have been looking too hard , for a moment later she turned to him with an irritated expression on her face and said , You got a problem , mister ?	25	0
He should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark - skinned foreigners want extradited , CIA operative Michael Meiring .	18	2
The US Red Cross has mobilised thousands of volunteers for its biggest - ever natural disaster effort and federal emergency teams are being dispatched to affected areas .	20	2
Michael L. Beatty & Associates , PC ; # 10461 , # 10469 & # 10468 dated 5/28/00 .	0	2
The reality is that IP protection is an economic engine that developing - country citizens should not have to forego .	1	2
Working with a timer is generally regarded by most experts as being one of the best ways to develop self-discipline and stop procrastination .	14	2
The woman who had dozed beside him all night communicating the intimate rhythm of her breathing but never exchanging a word , suddenly began to talk like a bird who has the cover taken off its cage .	5	1
Good day , I 'm a foreigner living in malaysia , german citizen , 21 years of age , I was wondering if air asia recruits foreigners ?	20	6
You may find a normal budget hotel for Rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned , the links below may help you to find good hotels in Delhi and Agra .	11	2
( On what evidence ?	3	2
This BuzzMachine post argues that Google 's rush toward ubiquity might backfire -- which we 've all heard before , but it 's particularly well - put in this post .	1	2
There are a few life theories like that which working through .	3	1
I wrote to her saying we were going to try and rescue you from the Dursleys .	7	2
Then , suddenly , with great clarity and precision , he saw Bartleby 's window and the blank brick wall before him .	20	1
i am not going unless lisa promises to get all wasted and boob out .	5	2
Sara is working on that with Susan Bailey , another paralegal in our Group .	5	1
Just making up examples , but if a pair is constantly together , they may lay 10 - 15 eggs a day .	4	0
If you want to practice at home , make sure you 've got enough open space to move freely , preferably on a hard wood floor .	22	2
Noam Chomsky is a professor emeritus at Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Linguistics and Philosophy .	7	2
However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .	10	2
MMA also captured the Northwest Frontier Province , which probably shelters Bin Laden and al - Zawahiri , and is in a joint government of Baluchistan Province , also on the Afghanistan border .	5	2
And , of course , there 's Bob , a constant source of entertainment .	6	6
And he strode away , head and shoulders taller than anyone else in the packed street .	4	0
For example , when you move a Product field to the filter area , you can display data for one product at a time .	18	1
The Tell Amarna letters , dating from the 14th century BCE , include ten letters from the kings of Gezer swearing loyalty to the Egyptian pharaoh .	15	1
At the same time McCartney was going out with Heather Mills , he used Linda 's death for promotional ends , due to his waning popularity .	17	1
During the Nazi occupation , Łódź was incorporated directly into the Third Reich .	5	2
Some cruise aficionados refuse to sail on one or the other .	9	2
This article will show you how to save time and prevent wear , extending the life of your overalls until they are so soft you could wear them to bed .	29	2
A young woman leaned her elbows on it and her white breasts pursed forward within the frame of her arms .	13	1
China 's rebalancing will enable it to absorb its surplus savings , which will be put to work building a social safety net and boosting Chinese households ' wherewithal .	26	2
I was awake and lying in bed next morning , looking idly at the wonderful images and inscriptions all around my room , when suddenly I heard the sound of trumpets , as if a procession were already underway .	23	1
" Nonetheless he often spent long periods at Château De Saché , near Tours , the home of his friend Jean De Margonne , his mother 's lover and father to her youngest child .	9	1
Someone called to Vivien and they were drawn away from the dancers to a crowded table .	10	2
Samuel Johnson quoted him more often than any other author in his A Dictionary of the English Language , the first serious work of its type .	8	1
All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights .	12	0
As I recall , Montavano , Shapiro and I usually make up one team , but I 'm willing to switch around a bit .	6	2
The marches on the 12th of July are only really attended by protestants in the Ulster but in spite of the are the largest attended paraded in Ireland .	21	4
I 'm pretty sure that Mayko is Japanese .	3	1
they may then chose to ask you to bring more evidence , or just look up the record and hand you the certificate .	23	0
I prefer to devote most of my remarks to the broader picture of the region and its place in world events .	17	2
The competition from the [ FIFA ] World Cup and all .	6	0
How can i make my Jack Dempsey reproduce ?	8	0
She said , There 're bulbs like you see in films round the star 's dressing-table , and they light up and spell INDEPENDENCE HURRAH .	1	4
At that time , one in three visits to the site came from BBC News , and the website increased to number 3 in the company Hitwise UK 's Lifestyle-Religion category .	22	1
Fri May 12 , 2006 at 08:27:46 PM PDT	7	2
Vijay K. Suchdev Vice President Equity Derivatives First Union Securities , Inc. Telephone : ( 212 ) 909-0951 Facsimile : ( 212 ) 891-5042 email : vijay.suchdev@funb.com < mailto:vijay.suchdev@funb.com >	6	2
Everyone will therefore understand why I am rejecting them .	0	2
A furry black band of ants led up a cupboard door to some scrap that had flicked from a plate .	8	2
Plus , I work with Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that , instead of having a lawyer she has n't dealt with initial it .	19	1
Although rare , one east-west numbered street may even intersect with a street of the same number running north-south .	3	1
An example would be ' ant ' for and or ' es ' or even ' loo ' for the word ' and ' .	24	0
Some of the leaders of these various circles live very comfortably on their loot .	0	1
I think that building a universal how-to manual would be a tremendous gift for the world .	3	1
This view of the situation comforted Quinn , and he decided to believe in it , even though he had no grounds for belief .	24	0
Oh well , I 'll get it when it comes out in Febuary .	3	4
We look to it to challenge the UK Government , to ensure that the private sector , which surely must be providing the major impetus for Structural Funds expenditure , is involved in the planning stage .	11	2
Hope you day is going well and that the move to 30 went off without a hitch .	17	0
I 've been given the opportunity to live in Limerick , Ireland , next year as part of my course .. if you know about Limerick , what are the pros and cons ?	32	2
Wikinews has learned that according to an Internet posting made just over 24 hours ago , the Church of Scientology 's website is being attacked by hackers , causing the site to shut down .	28	1
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .	13	2
Lots of jokes rehash the same ground and sometimes they retell a story countless other jokes have told .	3	4
The money invested in Premium Bonds , and in other National Savings & Investments accounts , is used to help fund Government spending .	4	1
The Rams , the VCU sports team , also made the NCAA Final 4 this year , too !	4	2
Environment Minister John Baird has asked government officials how such documents that are supposed to be stored in " approved security cabinets " wound up on the street .	9	1
Shojai told the opening ceremony of the month - long fair in Tehran 's Palestine Contemporary Art Museum .	6	2
Name something you find at a carnival that comes on a stick ?	3	4
I know that I have the possibility of treating him and still having to put him down .	5	2
Amazon has become the fourth American company with the largest market capitalisation , surpassing ExxonMobil .	14	2
Under the accord , a new northeastern provincial council was formed and the Indian army was deployed as peacekeepers in the north and east .	8	2
Sends in as much ivory as all the others put together ... .	3	1
Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to -- and trust me we have been to a lot of them .	12	1
That 's it .	0	2
So , one answer to Bush 's charge about Edwards is that if it had any merit , Bush should have declined to run himself .	6	1
I am really proud of her .	2	1
Please let me know what type of statement I should make back to the customer .	8	4
These are two areas of action which I invite the Commissioner to set up and in which I would ask him to involve us .	7	3
The population of Łódź soared from some 4,000 people in the 1830s and 40,000 in 1865 to over 300,000 inhabitants at the turn of the century , which was an unprecedented growth on a worldwide scale .	5	1
Yes , it will loose strength steadily as more and more of this swirling system moves from being over ocean to being over land .	19	2
When I went to Bosnia , all the meat was Halal .	1	4
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions : Please do not transmit orders and / or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account ( s ) by e-mail .	4	2
Now feed the one in the breeding tank as much bloodworms , blackworms and / or earthworms as it can eat for 3 - 5 days .	17	1
The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised .	0	2
A glass case nearby held a withered hand on a cushion , a blood-stained pack of cards , and a staring glass eye .	6	1
Harry , trying to say Shh ! and look comforting at the same time , ushered Dobby back onto the bed where he sat hiccoughing , looking like a large and very ugly doll .	10	1
An altar cloth was draped over her half - naked body , which was posed as if she had been sexually assaulted .	3	6
As with so much climate research , not everyone agrees with these dire predictions .	4	2
The points system acts as a guide to sort out the best candidates .	4	1
Now-and-then history treats us to an interval of freedom and civilization and we make much of it .	10	2
Well maybe a miracle could happen , but let s face it we 're ordinary people and so require practical day to day techniques !	18	4
It was very upsetting to see this kind of behavior especially in front of my four year old .	5	2
I would much rather put it off until I can afford to have the vacation of a lifetime as I 'm sure this trip is intended to be .	0	4
I also want to express my disagreement on the support given to the American law on Hong-Kong .	12	2
Would it be possible , he wondered , to stand up before the world and with the utmost conviction spew out lies and nonsense ?	9	2
But I 'd go elsewhere unless the prices are cut .	8	4
In any case , we have had some more time to do some exploring ( and shopping ) , so we have some good ideas about what to do if you come .	2	2
I 'm 61 years old and have dental problems my entire life .	8	2
Before the Andes were formed , the western margin of South America had already been the site of several orogenies .	2	2
Grande Terre	0	2
We respect the fact that debate and discussion continue in many of our religious communities as to the scriptural , theological and liturgical issues involved .	4	1
You always want to go higher rather than wider for rats .	9	1
The aim of these clinics is to provide basic methodological competencies and technical skills in DH , for a diverse group of librarians , consisting of both subject and technical librarians with basic technical skills .	15	2
Hilary E. Ackermann Goldman Sachs Credit Risk Management & Advisory Phone : 212-902-3724 Fax : 212-428-1181 E-Mail : hilary.ackermann@gs.com	16	2
That granddaughter : her parents both worked in the vineyards , and when she was a child , she would play in my courtyard in the after-noons .	10	0
All the regional countries have publicly backed the Karzai government and supported the electoral process , but serious undercurrents remain as they all have their favourite contenders in Afghanistan .	25	1
Besides being a murderer , John Lennon had sexual intercourse with homosexual Brian Epstein to get him interested in going to see the band at the Cavern , trauma from which he never recovered .	24	1
François Guizot , who later became Prime Minister , was Professor of Modern History .	13	2
Here 's the text of the email :	0	1
Greece was divided into many small , self - governing communities , a pattern largely dictated by Greek geography : every island , valley and plain is cut off from its neighbours by the sea or mountain ranges .	31	2
I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in CA ( for customers already on DA ) .	22	1
Opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .	25	2
If you 're looking to buy a car , definitely give them a call .	4	1
Winter is definitely low season , with the occasional rainy or snowy day , but also an ideal time to save money while enjoying the city without countless other travelers and tourists .	11	1
I chalked it up to possible nerve damage , because this is what the vet thought and the other cheek muscle was fine and he had no theeth problems .	25	4
Over the past decade , Bangladesh has steadily moved into a state of lawlessness .	13	2
Called to check if they had a product I 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .	1	1
Amusing , since he 's a writer and a thoughtful man , anything but a tout .	9	1
The food 's okay , but the price is outrageous .	4	0
Shop Local !	2	0
A clean and redlined version are attached .	1	1
Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality : PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	0	2
“ In 1972 , there was an enormous glut of pilots , ” Campenni says .	6	2
Iran is suspected by many nations of working towards the development of nuclear weapons , but even this justification has been tossed into a cocked hat .	24	1
" The Times ought to be stronger in politics than it is in literature , but who knows .	12	1
In 1878 James wrote with sadness about the lack of contemporary attention paid to Balzac , and lavished praise on him in four essays ( in 1875 , 1877 , 1902 , and 1913 ) .	5	2
2000 Carr Futures	1	2
I used to eat at places like New China or Green Buffet in Troy , MO - nothing terrible but not that great .	18	1
List Price : $ 2.00	4	1
Certainly he fidgeted on his chair a good deal , exclaimed , ' Ah , Mr. Kurtz ! ' broke the stick of sealing-wax and seemed dumbfounded by the accident .	6	2
The last I checked , the Satanists have a long way to go to catch up with the death and destruction dealt out by self - proclaimed ( though false ) Christians .	0	2
Due to its remarkable biodiversity , with over a third of the local plant species found nowhere else , Socotra has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site .	19	2
No meat on Burger and too much pepper .	5	1
My father re-secured the petroleum assets of Kuwait in 1991 at a cost of sixty - one billion U.S. dollars ( $ 61,000,000,000 ) .	15	0
Since fort lee is situated in such a convenient area for those commuting to and from the city , there is often high traffic and congestion on the roads .	7	2
But if finance continues to take a disproportionate number of the best and the brightest , there could be little British manufacturing left by 2050 , and even fewer hi-tech firms than today .	20	1
You should ABSOLUTELY call your veterinarian back immediately to clarify anything you have questions about .	5	2
How do they treat those not like themselves ?	0	1
Abby has three wonderful young children , and friends who love her and need her .	10	4
I have a Saab ... which everything is expensive on and they have been extrememly fair and price a lot lower than any other shop I called .	5	1
Mr. President , as a Nobel Peace Prize recipient and as one of the fathers of the modern peace process in Israel , do you still think that there is a future to the peace process ?	13	2
But , as the criticism of Clinton as First Lady became more caustic , Karel became more empathetic .	18	0
The story " Umoregi " ( " In Obscurity " ) signaled Higuchi 's arrival as a professional writer .	19	0
I 've dined at lots of high - end restaurants and I 've never before felt my money was so well spent .	5	1
lol They where super friendly towards us and treated us like people not walking bags of cash .	13	1
If the males are released over a period of several months , this would , in theory , result in a marked reduction in the mosquito population .	1	2
MUUUUUUM ! howled Dudley , tripping over his feet as he dashed back towards the house .	1	0
Whatever the black magistrates are like , whatever the administration 's like , it wo n't be like that .	13	1
In the third week I had more than $ 10,000.00 and it 's still growing !!	7	1
My next stop was Bellingham , right up near the Canadian border .	8	1
When the fence was first installed I would have given them five stars , now for their poor customer follow - up and unwillingness to fix the fence they have dropped to a one - star in my opinion !	30	2
With the price caps gone , the generators filed paperwork with federal regulators justifying higher costs .	16	0
The bigger issue , as the IMS consultancy found last year , is the shortage of doctors , clinics , and hospitals , especially in rural areas .	7	2
Response : Iraq is actually hostile territory for al - Qaeda , and without Iraqi sympathizers it can not succeed there .	15	2
Going there you learn the school does not care about the services given just about the money .	11	2
Indians arrived from Canada , led by Joseph Brant ; they supported the British because the colonists were expropriating more and more of their lands .	16	2
There had been a lot of such rot let loose in print and talk just about that time , and the excellent woman , living right in the rush of all that humbug , got carried off her feet .	3	2
A tourist visa card ( visa de tarjeta del turista ) is necessary for travelers from most nations .	6	0
How did you grow the site to the size it is today ?	10	6
The London public playhouses were repeatedly closed during extended outbreaks of the plague ( a total of over 60 months closure between May 1603 and February 1610 ) , which meant there was often no acting work .	36	2
When a truckle-bed with a sick man ( some invalided agent from up-country ) was put in there , he exhibited a gentle annoyance .	6	2
Date : Thu , 11 Mar 2004 02:39:27 - 0800	0	2
The Corporate requirement to lower working capital usage for the Merchanting business irrespective of the above parochial business issues .	11	2
Could you please send an executable version of the contract to Fred , David , John and me tomorrow ?	3	2
Looks like the kids had a great time !	5	2
Then we got put in a room with a huge gap under the door .... right next to the ice machine .	14	0
Children and workers at power stations were both studied .	4	2
We would not hesitate to use Spears Roofing again .	5	2
The Saudi regime , of course , will be the next victim of major terror , when the inner circle will explode into the outer circle .	5	1
Balzac 's mother , born Anne - Charlotte - Laure Sallambier , came from a family of haberdashers in Paris .	4	1
The differences may stem from copying or printing errors , from notes by actors or audience members , or from Shakespeare 's own papers .	16	2
I figured it would end soon , but the money just kept coming in .	0	4
Archibald , a middle - class Alabama boy -- who , by the way , is now a registered Democrat -- did n't like that story .	12	2
It ’s really hard to tell .	0	5
As Pakistan 's president had been telling the United States he was " forced " into taking a hawkish line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman , this was an embarrassment .	17	2
When I was ten my father already showed me some stuff in mathematics and the beauty and the imagination was quite apparent .	1	4
You have to have two because they do n't do well alone .	10	1
It is also important to act decisively against the campaign of lies and fabrications and to monitor those Western media who collaborate with it out of naivety , financial interests or ignorance .	0	5
An XML schema file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document , providing a series of element names , as well as which elements are allowed in the document and in what combinations .	17	2
How long will the transitional period be following Polish accession in the case of the free movement of persons ?	17	1
Build a shelter box in your garden to attract some onto your property .	6	2
It is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in Afghanistan .	14	1
If you want to plant the basil in a container , make sure it 's large enough to accommodate the number of plants you 're growing ;	9	2
From the Northeast / Missouri - I-44 West , aka the " Will Rogers Turnpike . "	3	0
The Breakfast Club & Grill is conveniently located just two blocks off the Kennedy Expressway .	15	0
1,700 - Percentage increase between 2001 and 2002 of Saudi Arabian spending on public relations in the United States .	6	1
Everyone has the right to rest and leisure , including reasonable limitation of working hours and periodic holidays with pay .	18	1
To be Auster meant being a man with no interior , a man with no thoughts .	1	2
i think it could have been done in a much more cost efficient way , right here on bad - old - planet - earth .	4	2
I ask one of the hostesses when I may expect to receive a drink and she cries out in irritation , " Back to your seat ! "	17	1
Set within lush gardens which are free to roam if you do n't want to go inside the building .	1	1
One of the most famous plants is the dragon 's blood tree “ dracaena cinnabara ” which exists only on Socotra and nowhere else on the Earth .	7	2
You can group items by specifying the type of interval and the size of the interval .	4	1
The employees at this Sear's are completely apathetic and there did n't seem to be any sort of management that I could see .	13	1
Quinoa will continue cooking for a bit even after you take it off the heat .	4	1
Certain reserve characters are part of the XML syntax and will not be interpreted as themselves if used in the data portion of an element .	2	2
This , in turn , has discouraged international investment in Israel and has made it less likely that immigrants to the country will actually remain there .	4	0
Tape the bottom of the box securely so that it does n't give way .	12	2
Falluja has long been roiled by tense relations with the US soldiers there , since local Sunnis either remain committed to Arab nationalism or have become Sunni fundamentalists or even radicals .	3	2
It was no problem to get PROVIDED the birth was registered in the first place .	9	6
On Saturday , Wikinews interviewed Tina McKenzie , a former member of the Australia women 's national wheelchair basketball team , known as the Gliders .	7	0
As of today , we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders ' letter dated November 16 , 2000 .	21	0
However , now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $ 6,000 + despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do , I feel I have to voice my opinion .	8	2
Rabbits do burrow also so do n't be surprised if chicken are falling into holes .	6	1
The cliff was not in the way or anything ; but this objectless blasting was all the work going on .	10	1
The IMF rarely makes front - page headlines in the United States or other big countries , except when there is a racy personal dimension .	22	1
If you select to save the schema as XSD , the file is saved as .xsd .	8	2
UVB on the other hand can only be reproduced by a fluorescent source .	6	1
" The funeral was attended by " almost every writer in Paris " , including Frédérick Lemaître , Gustave Courbet , Dumas père and Dumas fils .	5	1
40,000 - Number of soldiers in Iraq seven months after start of the war still without Interceptor vests , designed to stop a round from an AK - 47 .	12	2
Default view ( current view )	1	2
It 's probably not a wise idea to keep studying and having a massive student loan .	12	2
Hot Iron has become a favorite of our family .	7	3
come to Africa .	2	2
If you 're looking for a good burger , some great fries ( they are too die for ! ) , and good drinks , go to Chickie & Pete 's !	12	0
The Greek Orthodox Church estimates that number is closer to 40,000 .	4	6
If you can check with the other airlines during this period , you may get excellent discount airfare , which may even surprise you .	21	1
The Canaanite city was destroyed in a fire , presumably in the wake of a campaign by the Egyptian pharaoh Thutmose III .	18	1
There it is before you – smiling , frowning , inviting , grand , mean , insipid , or savage , and always mute with an air of whispering , ' Come and find out .	31	3
They can even use fake snitches .	0	4
Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy , even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery ( as he had twice stated i must agree to ) .	31	4
We had an inside cabin and it is what I would recommend .	10	2
Set the cuttings upright in the potting mix about an inch ( 2.5 cm. ) deep .	0	2
I never got a price quote over the phone and they take your cc info just to make the appointment because if you do n't show up , they 'll charge you .	18	2
Mix together .	2	0
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	26	2
The proposal , Commissioner Fischler , was also not nearly as good as this one .	6	6
I add that in because there have been some people who have tried to claim citizenship by sending for their birth certificate when they were never really born in Canada or to Canadian parents .	29	2
I expect that many of the displaced people ( those affluent and those not ) will remain in the places they were evacuated to .	20	4
On Tuesday , the United States of America could elect the first female president in its history .	12	1
Your predecessor said earlier – we only finished the debate barely twenty minutes ago – that this report would be voted on tomorrow .	21	1
Mrs. Wentz had the tone of voice that sounds as if the speaker is addressing noone but himself .	5	1
<< File : 220b - dg - Agreement for Recruiting Services.doc >> << File : 220a DG - Agreement for Contract Services.DOC >>	17	0
Do you come from Norway ?	2	2
When I ran eHow , the content was professionally produced and edited .	9	2
A couple days after the oil change , the engine ran rough , the low oil pressure light would come on sporadically , and the engine would whir loudly .	15	2
The American people were NOT having any of it , and elected Richard Nixon to fix the mess LBJ had made ( not to surrender like the antiwar movement was demanding ) .	28	2
The attempts at making peace finally ended in spring of 1415 and Enrique decided to execute his plan : an invasion of the entire Kingdom of France .	13	4
Unfortunately , Mr. Lay will be in San Jose , CA participating in a conference , where he is a speaker , on June 14 .	11	1
It would certainly be counterproductive to make an offer , as some have already tried , when the Russians want nothing to do with it .	19	4
Yup .	1	0
by the way , buy it now b/c it is going to 100 by year end .	9	6
In China the hair is typically put in a chemical bath to remove the cuticle completely , Tarlo explains .	19	0
This could break your application and require rewriting your application .	6	2
( we live in Pennsylvania btw ) I 'm mad and upset now !	9	1
Please advise .	2	0
If necessary , set time-frames for your items to be done by .	0	1
They shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union if the texts in the present languages were so published .	17	1
Remember : throughout the book Don Quixote is preoccupied by the question of posterity .	7	6
The papers found at headquarters of the Mukhabarat , Iraq 's secret police , show that an entourage from Al Qaeda group was sent to the Iraqi capital in March 1998 from Sudan .	10	1
She feeds well the baby on her own , the baby is ok but she does not go in the nest to stay with him at night ...	2	1
THEN put the eggs in water treated a couple of days before with a water treatment and left open to " breathe " .	7	2
If part of the public supports it , others tolerate it , many are afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood , organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism .	25	2
With higher than average prices to boot !	7	0
In part because of that reputation , the gray wolf was nearly exterminated from the lower 48 states by the 1920s , except for a small remnant population on Isle Royale National Park in Michigan 's Lake Superior .	8	1
I loaded ferry boats in Jersey City across the river to deliver goods to Ground Zero .	16	0
I suppose that it 's damn lucky for the GOP that she is populated with gullible idiots .	1	4
10 - Number of fellow members from the Yale secret society Skull and Bones that Bush has named to important positions ( including the Associate Attorney General Robert McCallum Jr. and SEC chief Bill Donaldson ) .	29	2
Achieving four goals :	2	2
Having been a psychologist for a number of years gives me a leg up on it .	12	2
So , no it is not as good as Dubai , but it s quieter and more peaceful , and you can still go to Dubai in 45 mins .	5	1
Dizzy and bruised , covered in soot , he got gingerly to his feet , holding his broken glasses up to his eyes .	1	1
is it a gud option for casual / formal functions photography ?????	11	0
The oldest known historical reference to the city is to be found on an inscription of conquered sites at Thutmose 's temple at Karnak .	22	1
After one month 's full - bore effort , I 'm pleased with the results ( e.g. , we forecast Nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned out $ 46 ) .	26	1
As far as I know , Madam President , lies are not accepted in any parliament .	8	0
As he did not have a window seat he did not see the bush and the earth red as brick-dust and the furze of growth along the river-beds :	7	2
24,000 - Estimated number of premature deaths that will occur under Bush 's Clear Skies initiative .	15	2
the camera only begins to work again when i take out the battery and put it back in .	2	1
British women too are entitled to the same treatment as all the other citizens of Europe .	7	1
The legend says that the King of Athens , Theseus unified the ten tribes of early Athens into one kingdom ( c. 1230 BC ) .	6	1
I have never been and I will never be a Government official and I have no privileged information .	0	4
I 'll take it to my bank tomorrow morning , deposit it in my account , and give you the money when it clears .	23	6
Puree it until smooth , then put it in a food storage bag and freeze until you need it .	19	0
One Rohingya , Muhammad Amin , the first boat rescued on Friday was turned around twice , toward Malaysia by Indonesian navy and then toward Indonesia by Malaysian navy .	15	1
The community center has dance , yoga , and other exercise classes , offers open gym hours for basketball or other recreation .	13	6
Please send David Lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter ( use Bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete ) .	8	1
-- The return to flight activities for the Shuttle program are funded at $ 4.319 billion , the requested level from the Administration .	18	2
These are always difficult times .	1	4
They will be there by noon on the 20th , and the surgery will last 1.5 hours and then they 'll watch him for 2 more hours before they put him into ICU .	21	2
In the midst of a foreign - capital bonanza , stagnant levels of private investment in tradable goods are a particularly powerful danger signal that no amount of government mythmaking should be allowed to override .	23	2
It is a very cruel death with bodies dismembered and horrible severe lifelong injuries to many of the wounded .	4	1
I look at it as human interaction .	0	4
His body felt like a stone .	0	4
Fine lot these government chaps – are they not ? he went on , speaking English with great precision and considerable bitterness .	15	2
My father took off his coat and draped it over the edge of the pew and when I came back from communion I stole his glove .	3	1
If you own a Retail Store or are a Professional Vendor who exhibits at Sport , Hunting , or Craft Shows and are interested in selling our products , please give us a call !	20	2
The " food " is believed to contain some of those	9	1
If Israel were governed as Egypt is , or Syria , would I have come here at all ?	4	1
She has also been charged with trying to kill her two - year - old daughter .	8	2
68.4 - Average Number of species added to the Endangered and Threatened Species list each year between 1991 and 2000 .	19	1
We have done considerable research before coming to the conclusions before us tonight .	5	1
However , when it comes to safety , I am rather sceptical because safety in Sweden , for example , is in principle no different from safety in Germany , Italy or Austria .	26	2
What 'll happen is that the Styrofoam peanuts will start moving through our society here , and they will accumulate in the drunkest , stingiest people .	8	5
Disney won another Honorary Academy Award , which consisted of one full - sized and seven miniature Oscar statuettes .	5	2
Secondly , I believe that it is time for the European Parliament to set an example .	0	1
It would tell us why the call went to you , but not why they wanted to speak to me in the first place .	23	2
Good luck !	0	1
She said , There 're bulbs like you see in films round the star 's dressing-table , and they light up and spell INDEPENDENCE HURRAH .	7	1
He does n't just take pictures he makes art out of them and you wo n't even notice that there 's a camera there .	2	1
Instead , there are boys stern and joyous , galloping hell-bent on their donkeys toward the Lions ' Gate .	17	1
Be a little more reasonable with your expectations of a place like this ; and maybe do n't jump to personal attacks suggesting that they do n't want to work hard , just because you bruised your own ego .	21	2
It is interesting to observe that this nation is nicknamed " the Devil 's Island " .	5	1
Everyone will therefore understand why I am rejecting them .	5	4
APR 7 , 2014 .	4	0
Happiness and enjoyment lie ahead .	0	2
Next day got moved into another room , on the same floor with other wedding guests .	5	1
Oh , I think I can say we 've come out of it quite good friends .	10	1
In 1882 , a telegraphic system equipped with 34 fire alarm signals was put in operation .	15	2
I think it s only fair that nowadays every town should provide at least one halal cafe or restaurant and hopefully one day every British catering establishment will be halal .	30	0
Dr. Eric Fortier , 34 , of Gatineau , Que. , used a pocket knife to attack a polar bear on Baffin Island , just south of the Arctic Circle , to save two friends who were being mauled .	22	2
In 1566 , a league of about 400 members of the nobility presented a petition to the governor Margaret of Parma , to suspend persecution until the rest had returned .	8	2
Prior to Emperor Meiji , the names of the eras were changed more frequently , and the posthumous names of the Emperors were chosen in a different manner .	18	2
Neil insisted that Bray must come ;	2	1
So they were going to charge him for new peddles and proceeded to put them on without even telling him the price .	7	1
As agent Van Harp , then head of the Amerithrax investigation said , the information coming from Khalid Mohammed is classified with the authorities releasing only certain limited information .	27	1
Use of biochemical weapons as blackmail and threatened retaliation for such detentions was an alternative scenario in the Bojinka planning .	9	1
Do they have this anywhere ?	4	1
Currently , Mercury and Venus is conjunct and the conjunction is being closely aspected by Rahu .	13	2
Best way to change 35 mm film in Holga 120 whilst out and about ?	6	2
The Silver Clouds installation were silver balloons blown up with helium , and those balloons filled one of the smaller rooms in the gallery .	13	2
These people are dangerous wether they 're head - banging to ' Canibal Corpse ' or humming along to ' Onward Christian Soldiers ' .	9	2
So he 's got a -- I 'm a decision - maker and I can make good decisions .	5	0
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement , and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what 's in the draft ?	24	1
The fact is , when I began traveling for business to New England , when I first visited my in - laws in Montana and Idaho , I was shocked at the lack of racial diversity .	7	1
per our conversation yesterday afternoon , attached are proposed drafts of the Schedule and the Para. 13 relative to the above .	6	3
Seems as if there is a clear distinction being made between the ' imaginary ' Whore of Babalon and the actually Whore of Babylon , which is this global system .	18	1
It remains to be seen whether they will extend the same courtesy to the arriving gray wolf .	11	2
But it can not be avoided .	2	2
The garden was large , and in Harry 's eyes , exactly what a garden should be .	1	2
openness of participation , added value , representativeness , quantified and staged objectives , involvement of civil society , monitoring and reporting , cost-effectiveness of administering a self-regulatory initiative , sustainability .	23	2
They 've knocked out a wall into that sort of yard thing and they have dancing .	5	2
The rapid development of Łódź in the second half of the 19th century was brought about by the rise of enormous industrialist fortunes .	2	2
It ’s not a geographic endeavor , it is an intellectual endeavor .	4	1
Electricity : A panel focuses on price hikes and the actions of the ISO president .	7	2
He was so accustomed to effacing himself in the hours of discussion of constitutional law and political tactics ( a white man , an outsider offering impersonal service for whatever it was worth ) ...	6	6
After that , I may reconsider .	5	2
Do you concur ?	3	0
As recently as last week the official line stated they had no knowledge he had entered the country .	5	2
( Do n't wish to use Wikipedia again , it 's just easier than spending time looking up more obscure and detailed information . )	24	0
Although there is nothing illegal about the generators acting together to lobby against price caps , Dunn believes the letters and other actions around the same time showed clear coordination among energy officials .	27	4
The straps wear out fastest around the adjusters over the course of numerous wash and dry cycles ( not to mention being out in the elements if they are work clothes ) .	24	2
Monday , March 27 , 2006	4	0
The Sea Org requires members to sign a billion-year-contract , agreeing to work for the organization founded by science fiction writer L. Ron Hubbard for multiple lifetimes .	4	2
On Jan. 31 , Oregon Federal District Court Judge Robert E. Jones appeared to agree with them .	10	2
We read about six hundred to eight hundred headline ideas on a Monday coming from our staff and a small group of writers outside — a contributing core .	13	1
Phoenix is the capital of the state of Arizona as well as the most populous city in the American Southwest and sixth largest city in the United States .	16	1
When I first get on I take 1 leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with my heel and hold it there for 1 lap at a walk around a large dressage arena .	35	2
The only thing that was edible was the steamed rice and the vegetable lo mein was barely tolerable .	0	2
Settlements some centuries old , and still no bigger than pin-heads on the untouched expanse of their background .	11	1
The reason he said he did n't put that nail in was because he " did n't want to risk it " with my horse 's horrible feet .	12	1
This was the first book Balzac released under his own name , and it gave him what one critic called " passage into the Promised Land " .	22	1
OBSERVATION -- The pressure to finger somebody for " price gouging " is increasing .	7	1
Once he has properly settled down , got use to the new smells and noises he will be fine .	17	2
We are taking a 3 hour flight down to a fancy island in Florida and staying only 2 days .	12	1
The ANSI SQL query mode default for new Access databases in 2002 and 2000 file formats	11	1
Respondents were allowed to choose one response from 11 categories .	10	0
It felt as though he had lost half of himself .	9	6
You say I cook chicken , is n't it ?	7	1
It was hot there too ; big flies buzzed fiendishly , and did not sting , but stabbed .	1	6
It has major airlines with direct flights to major cities in the U.S.	7	1
You may find a normal budget hotel for Rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned , the links below may help you to find good hotels in Delhi and Agra .	14	2
He had only just reached the upstairs landing when the door bell rang and Uncle Vernon 's furious face appeared at the foot of the stairs .	1	4
When you see flower buds , pinch them and two pairs of leaves under them off .	1	3
I knew a cat that died in its sleep aged 21 .	7	4
" Then I will give you a sandwich , but only on one condition .	8	0
There will be limits to his ability to spend , however , as the Government is still running a substantial budget deficit .	7	1
Its implementation would certainly require extending the scope of redistribution instruments such as the Structural Funds .	3	1
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company ' Moore Noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics .	13	2
I do n't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it 's getting to be an issue .	8	5
The state may not favor the convictions of one religious group over another by denying individuals their fundamental right to marry and to have those marriages recognized by civil law .	22	1
A coalition forces spokesman confirmed they had not received " any weapons from Bosnia " and added they were " not aware of any purchases for Iraq from Bosnia " .	9	0
Twitter gave Mohamed the option to come to their company for an internship .	4	2
It is our belief that this compensation plan will produce some of the largest checks in network marketing history .	15	1
Elements do not overlap .	4	0
We are only doing public domain works , for a number of reasons , partly to keep simplicity in our copyright situation -- public domain means it s as simple as can be .	11	1
Back in 1972 in the Deep South , many rural counties did n't have much in the way of official Republican Party apparatus .	18	1
Also very friendly and the stylists are not in the " been there / done that " mood !	10	0
I found the hotel to be amazingly clean , not to mention very well adorned with many pleasant surprises .	18	2
Plus the drinks are self service , have fun trying to negotiate the small cafeteria space to get your coffee , juice or water .	11	2
Marie Galante : the biggest island out of mainland Guadeloupe .	8	2
The Syrian Air Force is comprised of ten to eleven fighter / attack squadrons and sixteen fighter squadrons , totaling somewhere near 650 aircraft .	21	1
Thank You Barry s Auto Tech !	6	0
it is not frequent .	1	6
The elderly servant who brought ice and lemon had the nicks at the outer corner of the eyes that Northern Gala people wore .	22	4
Police said Bernard confessed to detectives that he had sex with a young girl in November 2002 and admitted to knowing about sexual acts involving children and a dog that occurred at Hosanna Church .	29	1
Two vaunted economists - one a Nobel Prize winner and the other a nationally renowned budget expert - have analyzed the data at hand and put a price tag on the Iraq occupation .	4	1
It is particularly important in the light of reports in the media that Europe is rapidly losing ground to the US in the hi-tech growth industries of the future .	3	1
We 're at war with Islamic fascists .	7	0
What she ’s saying and what she ’s doing , it — actually , it ’s unbelievable .	4	1
No , the luxurious facilities and fun filled activities in the Disney cruise are very attractive to people of all ages .	4	2
He believed that the koran instructed that a jihadist should use the weapons used by the crusader .	16	2
In the past , he has talked in apocalyptic terms about a violent end to the world , according to former members .	16	2
[ an error occurred while processing this directive ]	0	0
The only 10.0 " Perfect Score " AVVO Rated Attorney I Have Ever Met .	13	2
Such a relaxing atmosphere and inspiring architecture .	1	2
We must be able to create and see our own stories , be it Inspector Morse or Derrick .	14	2
The final slide of the opening presentation , delivered by GTC fellow Stephen Kennedy , was a cartoon depicting two young contestants set to begin a race :	6	2
Afshari , who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war , said that when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their education system , the Mujahedeen refused .	19	4
What to do in San Rafael Ca ?	3	1
However , the bound field will show the custom group hierarchy in the drop-down list , so you can filter data by selecting custom groups or individual values .	5	2
You made a choice to be a mommy , you do nt get a break until they move out , that s the choice that you madea and that 's life .	1	4
I feel like they did n't tell me the pitfalls before I pulled out this tile and now that I have no other options they want 5 TIMES the price ?	13	1
Authorised by Ariel Sharon to make " unrestricted " strikes , its military launched new missile attacks overnight .	9	2
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .	5	2
And other parts of the economy that provide services to the financial sector – Porsche dealers and strip clubs , for example – will be similarly encouraged .	12	2
When we start the summer process , we will interview the candidate and slot him for your group .	7	4
Terminal 2 : Alaska ( Gates 10 & 11 ) , Great Lakes ( Gates C & D ) , Spirit , Sun Country , United	8	1
They have sent over their top reporter Ahmed Mansour to the town , and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of Al - Sahhaf .	20	2
The award comes with a $ 3,500 ( U.S. ) grant .	1	2
The outfit he had chosen , khaki pants and a blue button-down shirt -- no tie -- lay neatly folded on the bed .	12	2
And indeed nothing is easier for a man who has , as the phrase goes , followed the sea with reverence and affection , than to evoke the great spirit of the past upon the lower reaches of the Thames .	32	1
I have a copy of the document I can give to you tomorrow .	4	1
And with Europe 's help and technical assistance , we will establish one .	10	5
After you move fields to the drop areas so that the drop area captions are covered up , you can still drag additional fields to the areas .	9	1
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	13	2
( When I worked at the IMF in the 2000 ' s , page - three coverage of our events by leading newspapers was typically viewed as preferable to top billing ) .	14	0
I have thus proposed that the frost rating be lowered to -40° C .	8	5
A strategy that might prove helpful is to consider how fortunate you are that life has been good to you so far .	11	3
Jack Alter Fort Lee Community Center , 1355 Inwood Terrace , tel : 1 201-592-4699 , contact for membership information , and upcoming events .	2	2
So I want to hire someone ( or multiple people ) to transport me to these shows .	1	4
I have a western pleasure appy that s really heavy on her left lead at the lope ?	10	1
Finishing the largest item on your list of things to do will make you feel extra productive and give you the boost to do other things you ’ve been pushing to the side .	6	2
The reason for this was proclaimed by a large banner stretched across the upper windows :	13	1
Pack the lighter items on top .	4	1
Wei Ligang , a rising star of modern art in China , just had an exhibition in mid-July , 2005 in Hong Kong .	13	4
I shall also refer the matter to the College of Quaestors , and I am certain that they will be keen to ensure that we comply with the regulations we ourselves vote on .	33	0
have a look at sony wx10	2	2
i would highly recommend calling these people up for your next car .	10	1
33 - Percentage of the $ 15 bn Bush pledged to fight Aids in Africa that must go to abstinence - only programmes .	22	2
I will be calling my vet and chiro about him .	1	2
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Friday 17 December 1999 , and I would like once again to wish you a happy new year in the hope that you enjoyed a pleasant festive period .	39	0
Here 's a tip : Do n't get married in countries that house illegal militias that attack other countries and hence are likely to come under counter-attack !	12	4
Instead they are encouraging everyone to come forward if they see any potential problems ( as it is clear that overlooked problems could result in unnecessary losses ) .	16	5
We had 30 guests for the event , and everyone came away from the evening impressed with not only the food , but the outstanding service as well .	9	2
Each poem narrates only a part of the war .	0	1
We did n't know what we were going to land up doing , either .	5	4
We heard nothing .	0	4
If this coincides with rising interest rates and a setback in the housing market , American consumers will experience the hardest times since the Great Depression . "	20	2
The stampede at Islam 's most holy site happened at Jamarat Bridge , during an event where pebbles are thrown at a pillar to represent the stoning of Satan as part of the final rites of the Hajj .	6	1
Hence , there can be no fully exact translations . "	2	1
From 1918 to 1939 , international economic cooperation was hard to come by – in large part because all of the attempted deals were put together at high - profile international conferences .	7	2
The report also found alterations of ecosystem processes such as carbon cycling and storage .	0	2
The South Korean company initially thought a battery fault was to blame , and switched its own component for a third - party power cell .	9	6
THIS IS ABSOLUTELY LEGAL !!!! !	3	1
If you want the best for your child , do n't hesitate in visiting this wornderful school .	11	3
--- The Art of Calligraphy in Modern China ( British Museum Press , 2002 )	13	1
Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization ?	4	2
ever since Harry had come home for the summer holidays , Uncle Vernon had been treating him like a bomb that might go off at any moment , because Harry Potter was n't a normal boy .	0	2
In addition , the need for greater transparency has been pointed out .	11	1
Another approach is to buy five bottles of vodka and five bags of Skittles .	6	2
Should flexibility of this kind result in there being inadequate rules in some countries then we should work towards greater harmonisation .	10	2
Richard L. Jones , Jr. Airport ( IATA : RVS ) ( often called the " Riverside Airport " ) is south of downtown and is a general aviation airport .	6	0
Yemenia Airlines offers one flight per week on Thursday morning .	0	2
King Salaman replaced the political veteran with the head of financial oversight , Mohammed al - Jadaan .	8	2
Looking back : Space Shuttle Columbia lifts off on STS-1 from Launch Pad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center on April 12 , 1981 .	8	1
Is that what you are referring to ?	1	2
Some commentators have seen this change in mood as evidence of a more serene view of life on Shakespeare 's part , but it may merely reflect the theatrical fashion of the day .	17	1
he was one of those people who , late at night , suddenly have a desperate need of certain companions .	0	5
XSL for Transformation ( XSLT ) is a specification that is currently under development by the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) , and supported by Access .	17	1
For one thing , there is increasing concern , and that is undoubtedly true , on the part of experts too .	11	6
The document is now lost , however , and scholars differ as to its authenticity .	7	0
Mr. ARCHIBALD : He told us whenever he was stopped , as soon as the law enforcement found out that he was the grandson of Prescott Bush , they would let him go .	7	5
Then one day , Ahmed left the country , not to return for months , WITHOUT informing me .	13	2
Greece was divided into many small , self - governing communities , a pattern largely dictated by Greek geography : every island , valley and plain is cut off from its neighbours by the sea or mountain ranges .	24	1
As tropical cyclones make landfall , this energy source is cut-off and they rapidly lose strength as they move over land .	11	1
Mr Cox , Mr Hänsch , would this be acceptable to you ?	11	2
“ You even talk to those people -	3	4
Actually working out there was good - the machines are nice and the classes are fun .	15	1
It returns all customers from a (country|region) named " U % " , not all (countries|regions) beginning with the letter " U " , because the percent sign ( % ) is not a wildcard character in ANSI-89 SQL .	0	1
She gestured and laughed , but her husband was eager to break in , holding up his hands over the plate balanced on his knees .	12	1
As in the real world , the first step to flirting is to get over your cold feet and jump right in !	18	1
Dragging back the little curtain from the oval window , she looked into the dazzling glare of space and said , Glorious morning up here ! and they discussed with animation the cold and sudden winter that was left behind .	21	1
Here are some emails we have sent , along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June , just for your information .	24	1
" They are not going to rush it , because they do n't want it to be a budget buster .	4	2
Regarding how long the beverage will be made available , Stan remarked to The Brooklyn Paper , " We 'll keep it around until he ’s irrelevant . I hope he ’s there the whole way " .	23	1
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department .	3	1
and did great job .	4	0
The First World War brought about shifts and new developments in colonial politics .	1	1
It was formed to allow many different guilds who were all strictly honorable to come together as a family and allow them many people to game with .	9	4
I hope everything went all right and that Harry is okay and that you did n't do anything illegal to get him out , Ron , because that would get Harry into trouble , too .	30	2
Honoré 's sisters Laure and Laurence were born in 1800 and 1802 , and his brother Henry - François in 1807 .	2	2
At that time , the gurus and geniuses of Wall Street were predicting a 250 Dow and many were talking openly about the end of capitalism .	6	1
You should book or ensure accommodation before you board a flight for the Chathams , as during the popular months of the tourism season , between October and April , accommodation can be severely limited .	28	2
However , he left my horse without a shoe for TWO WEEKS ( now that 's what I call a crap farrier ) .	8	2
Keep the chicken upright or on its side .	2	2
Cleveland is a culturally diverse city on the shores of Lake Erie , one of the Great Lakes , in Cuyahoga County , Ohio , USA .	11	2
Prior to the ruling , the religion was banned from conducting public worship at archeological sites by the Greek Ministry of Culture .	4	0
Almost at once , Harry wished he had n't spoken .	1	1
Pop , would go one of the eight-inch guns ; a small flame would dart and vanish , a little white smoke would disappear , a tiny projectile would give a feeble screech – and nothing happened .	20	1
They are kind of in rank order but as I stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it .	22	5
Adam Auerbach served in an electronic-warfare unit and was returning from a military action when the helicopter in which he was flying crashed .	3	1
None of us will be using their services again , which is a shame .	5	2
I was under the impression that Terry Kowalke had notified you of the implementation , TK was also made aware .	0	4
The email confirmation ( which I read in the car ) warned about large suitcases , declaring that we are innkeepers , not longshoreman .	19	4
When regarding an artwork , a viewer gathers information through a series fixations , interspersed by rapid movements of the eye called saccades .	5	2
I was sold a phone by a friend and sent it off to get it recycled what can i do ?	12	1
HAS MOVED TO 4783 Bay Rd Saginaw , Michigan 48604 ( 989 ) 755-1109	6	2
It would still give him room to progress in the current job group should he not be promoted .	16	2
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar 's property ) .	18	2
He knew that they never left the farm ; instead , the world came to them in the shape of weekend picnickers and driveby tourists .	6	2
Are we expecting that the portion attributable to each project will be paid as the individual EPC contracts are signed ?	12	3
The latest figures relate to the 24th of October last year , and tell us that our diesel costs 1,335 euros per litre , compared with the eurozone average of 1,165 euros .	32	0
His watch read nearly six .	0	4
And with Europe 's help and technical assistance , we will establish one .	9	3
Similarly , the dot-com bubble that preceded this period was marked by innovation – Web sites through which one could order dog food and soft drinks online .	4	2
In fact , you were helping them solve their problem . ”	5	2
Disney cruise line with young ones ?	4	1
You can select the proper route and travel plans by consulting the agents prior to the booking ........	15	2
Th-thank you , said Harry , edging along the wall and sinking into his desk chair , next to Hedwig , who was asleep in her large cage .	15	2
Shahar leads me down from the Mishkenot Sha'ananim , which stands on a slope and faces Mount Zion and the Old City , to the Gai-Hinnom ( Gehenna of tradition ) , where worshipers of Moloch once sacrificed their children .	29	2
Today the quarter still has many Armenian Churches , an Armenian school , shops and Armenian residents .	14	1
A global carbon tax would mitigate climate risks while alleviating government debt burdens .	9	1
For a man so skilled in the art of disguise , darkening his skin and donning the clothes of a Moor could not have been very difficult .	2	2
His initial reaction was that their request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly owned L.L.C .	19	2
I know that if my garage door needs to be repaired , I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors	2	1
Bugs were a small problem , nothing too bad .	6	2
This convention is only slightly relaxed in modern age and now it is still unadvisable among friends to use the given name , but use of the family name is still common .	8	2
This shall be applauded given the size and strength of Phailin .	3	4
The other Canadian recipient of the medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford , 42 , of Hamilton , who was killed Aug. 4 , 2002 , while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife .	17	1
I 've been looking at the bose sound dock 10 i ve currently got a jvc mini hifi system , i was wondering what would be a good set of speakers .	28	2
NEW YORK – Following a crescendo of terrifying violence , the Ukrainian uprising has had a surprisingly positive outcome .	9	0
Mr Weasley liked Harry to sit next to him at the dinner table so that he could bombard him with questions about life with Muggles , asking him to explain how things like plugs and the postal service worked .	5	2
It could look like almost the opposite : literature is kind of arts and mathematics is science but they also see a lot in common and there where mathematician who were writers .	27	4
Here you die and mingle .	1	1
- Stipulation -ECT-KEDNE re IGTS & Tennessee Cap Releases -FINAL.doc - BLACKLINE -Stip -ECT-KEDNE re Cap Releases -2-F.doc	5	0
I hope and trust that Europe under German leadership will rise to the occasion .	8	2
His starched collars and got-up shirt-fronts were achievements of character .	0	4
And the President becomes a Dictator , unrestrained by anything in the Constitution , backed up by the Armed Forces , which would be entirely under his personal control .	15	1
Like William Shakspere RAPHAEL ( the painter ) died on his April birthday Laura & Bridget 's day :	7	0
My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly completed .	37	1
Among humans both males and females are ardent singers , and making music is mostly a communal activity .	2	1
i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice , and in used gerbil bedding .	12	0
The Mets matched that run in their half of the inning on a double by Wilson and a single by Youngblood .	2	4
After the State Ball there was a private all-night party in a marquee .	0	1
The attached documents include the GA II Settlement proposal , an Attachment ( a copy of PG&E 's proposed Gas Rule 27 ) , and a set of supporting workpapers .	20	2
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com << File : ' http://go.msn.com/bql/hmtag_itl_EN.asp ' >>	2	1
Long after his death , similar structures were built in the form of the San Francisco – Oakland Bay Bridge and the Transbay Tube , and there have been campaigns to rename the bridge " The Emperor Norton Bridge " .	15	2
His eyes , of the usual blue , were perhaps remarkably cold , and he certainly could make his glance fall on one as trenchant and heavy as an axe .	0	4
Protect the buses and they will explode in movie theaters , concert halls , supermarkets , shopping malls , schools and hospitals .	12	2
As Pakistan 's president had been telling the United States he was " forced " into taking a hawkish line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman , this was an embarrassment .	8	2
Last thing , send me a million dollars , I 'm tired of working .	12	1
Whatever be the age , you will have the choice of variety of activities to forget about your hectic day - to - day activities .	21	1
I do n't want to wait till month end , let 's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order , let s take that value into June since it relates to July puts .	25	4
Regardless of method , the winning seeker wins 30 points for his or her team , unlike the books , in which the snitch is worth 150 points .	4	2
I pray that you understand our plight .	3	3
I enjoyed speaking with Dan , and learning more about how the springs are sized for these doors .	12	2
No pancreatitis or anything abnormal .	4	1
Keep your home clean .	1	2
Some may still think that even in the final stages of the 9/11 plot , Zacarias Moussaoui was going to fly a 5th plane into the Capitol or White House .	0	1
I apologize for the following inconvenience , but I have decided to move this group to Yahoo , so that we can post files and photos and other useful things .	23	2
Sometimes it is not worth it to go through that kind of staff and their personal attitude to get to a doctor .	1	5
We are obliged to participate in drafting Directives and also in assessing their results .	7	2
It was all sorted with no hassle at all and I 'm really grateful - they were fab .	8	1
Yes , with one hand while you were busy stirring a pot with the other .	6	1
Musharraf held elections in October of 2002 , in which center - right parties did well , but in which nearly 20 percent of parliament seats went to the fundamentalist religious party coalition , MMA .	3	1
During the summer their outdoor theatre is used for performances and " movies in the park " every Friday night .	3	3
Regardless of the wolf 's legal status , its future expansion into new areas now seems likely .	0	1
It had better nutritional value and it s also less expensive .	10	1
In addition to the Structural Funds and the common agricultural policy , the financing of the Community needs to undergo radical reform .	17	6
The remodelling of some roads near bottleneck junctions to accommodate bicycle lanes has made traffic jams even worse still in recent years , and parking in the city centre is very expensive .	9	2
It may seem that the common agricultural policy or the trans-European transport network are higher priorities , but they are not .	2	2
In an imperial decree the following month , Norton summoned the Army to depose the elected officials of the U.S. Congress :	5	1
79 - Number of Bush 's initial 189 appointees who also served in his father 's administration .	14	2
HAS MOVED TO 4783 Bay Rd Saginaw , Michigan 48604 ( 989 ) 755-1109	11	1
By exercising any rights to the work provided here , you accept and agree to be bound by the terms of this license .	3	2
If you love seeing the shows , Royal Caribbean was better for the main shows and Carnival was slightly better for the comedians .	18	1
It can be seen across the water from Neiafu and is connected by land bridge at the most southern point of ‘Utu Vava’u .	21	0
Do n't waste time , just drive 10 minutes more down to Stevens Creek , they actually do try to help their customers there !	7	1
Either change the ConnectionFile property of the page to point to a different connection file , or edit the connection file in a text editor .	10	1
Please let me know what shape you all think the offer ought to take and we can revise accordingly .	18	1
similarly , human beings may behave both as individual particles and as components of a larger wave .	12	2
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .	6	1
Spanish is a language often used for day-to-day discourse in many places , although English is the language of preference , especially when dealing with businesses and government .	28	0
The hour had long since passed for his call to Virginia Stillman , and he debated whether to go through with it .	10	2
( 3 ) The ecodesign of products is a crucial factor in the Community strategy on Integrated Product Policy .	15	1
‘’ We have a very small number of forces in Shindand with a few helicopters , ’’ says Barno .	15	0
The current Windows NT user must be an Administrator for the computer .	5	2
- better food	0	0
Physiologie du Mariage and Scènes De La Vie Conjugale .	9	0
The euro was the most audacious of those symbols – a construct of dubious economic value , with well - documented fragilities .	7	2
Yes obviously the USB is region free which means you can use it anywhere .	13	1
What is your cat s name and why did you name him / her that ?	9	3
The attempts at making peace finally ended in spring of 1415 and Enrique decided to execute his plan : an invasion of the entire Kingdom of France .	21	1
But I would like to say that safety is a priority objective for the Commission .	8	6
Come , Draco !	3	0
At best it is naive and at worst it would yet again let the shooting lobby off the hook .	7	2
I ca nt speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us ( the patient ) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you .	8	2
He took me to his good bosom .	5	1
The traditional greeting known as the wai , where you press your hands together as is in prayer and bow slightly , is derived from the Hindu cultural influence from India , and still widely practised .	20	1
i have tried feeding him 5 or 6 live pinkies and 4 or 5 frozen ( thawed ) pinkies .	10	1
The state may not favor the convictions of one religious group over another by denying individuals their fundamental right to marry and to have those marriages recognized by civil law .	19	1
Little evidence substantiates such stories other than hearsay collected after his death , and Shakeshafte was a common name in the Lancashire area .	11	2
15 - Average number of minutes Bush spent reviewing capital punishment cases while governor of Texas .	13	2
Russia also announced that it was seeking and building the best nukes the world ’s ever seen .	11	2
Cheap , great view , time together .	2	1
Security measures are strict on flights to Israel , the bags are searched , the men are frisked , and the women have an electronic hoop passed over them , fore-and-aft .	15	2
Jens Otto Harry Jespersen or Otto Jespersen ( Danish : [ ʌtˢo ˈjɛsb̥ɐsn̩ ] ; 16 July 1860 – 30 April 1943 ) was a Danish linguist who specialized in the grammar of the English language .	26	2
( From time PA approved and funded to in - service will be 75 days at most .	4	2
He gained further reputation at court once he was dispatched as an envoy to the Khitan Liao Dynasty in the summer of 1075 .	12	2
" We 're not happy with Hamas 's position at this stage and in light of the Israeli escalation against the Palestinians , " commented Khader Habib , a senior Islamic Jihad official .	4	1
I know that the mouse will probably die , but I was wondering if there is any cure for mouse poison ?	16	1
Do not use these guys .	4	2
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 Fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 Email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	9	0
The hottest item on Christmas wish lists this year is nuclear weapons .	10	1
Next day I left that station at last , with a caravan of sixty men , for a two-hundred-mile tramp .	18	2
Please help us by logging onto the Rockin on the River website at .	13	0
Having enjoyed a career peak at home in Australia , Geyer returned to live in Los Angeles in 1984 to concentrate on breaking into the musical scene there .	26	2
They have lunch and siesta , then go back to work for a few hours in the late afternoon .	14	2
Temescal is a neighborhood that lies north-northwest from Downtown , centered along the reach of Telegraph Avenue , at and near 51st Street .	0	2
We oppose the use of sacred texts and religious traditions to deny legal equity to same - gender couples .	2	2
British women too are entitled to the same treatment as all the other citizens of Europe .	3	4
2 . Iran 's Armaments	4	2
I looked at motocross and the more I looked , this one woman ’s face kept coming up , in photographs that looked as if they were from the 1970s .	6	1
How can we license individual operators if we do not make that separation ?	13	0
In Iceland and Ireland , banks outgrew their governments ' ability to support them when needed .	15	2
I have had parakeets for a VERY long time , and I use pledge .	2	2
You do find the ' get the number hop in bed with her ' but be aware that they usually have a reputation as sluts .	16	1
The Best Deals in Town	3	1
Cinnamon basil really does smell like the sweet spice , and it also has unusually beautiful and fragrant flowers .	13	6
There was n't even a shed there , and she was shelling the bush .	1	6
I think they have the largest collection for Chandeliers Chicago .	7	1
Projects implemented with support from the Union have had their effect watered down all too often by slow decision making and complicated administrative processes .	7	5
There is no denying that there are words which we feel instinctively to be adequate to express the ideas they stand for . ”	5	1
According to the Arts and Humanities Citation Index Professor Chomsky is the eighth most cited scholar of all time .	12	1
If you want a boy the cere ( the nostrils piece above the beak ) must be blue .	10	2
Kapor used to be a teacher of Transcendental Meditation of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi .	9	1
it s great to know you can get great service , great product , and for the best price all in one !	8	1
Musharraf told Clinton he could n't use Pakistani soil or air space to send the team in against Bin Laden .	17	1
I will be going to Del Frisco 's in late November for dinner and I was wondering what the dress code is for a female .	2	2
Gasping for breath she pulled a large clothes brush out of her bag and began sweeping off the soot Hagrid had n't managed to beat away .	23	1
Hope you 've been storing up sleep , cause it looks like you wo n't be getting much for a while .	10	6
The Valley of Giants	0	2
I forgot to tell you that I saw your friend on a re-run Jeopardy the other night and I almost called you but it came on at 11:30 .	20	4
First , people around the world are desperate for high quality how-to information .	8	1
Some reporters ( you know , the ones with journalistic ethics ) have actually uncovered the truth about George Bush 's service in the Texas Air National Guard .	25	2
In addition , repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .	19	1
My son was able to advance a full two grades within 9 months !	4	1
thanks	0	2
Just west of Downtown and slightly north of the Financial District is Uptown .	3	2
An XML schema file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document , providing a series of element names , as well as which elements are allowed in the document and in what combinations .	26	1
Each evening you will get a ' magazine ' called The Navigator which lists all of the activities for the next day .	20	1
You were just in front of me when we got out in Rome .	7	2
We start with the headline and then flesh out the story , as opposed to The New York Times , which writes the issue and then has a headline editor to make it snappy .	17	2
It is quite clear that many people within Wales are looking to the European Structural Funds programme to alleviate some of the great difficulties that we undoubtedly face .	1	6
She recommended products but absolutely did n't pressure me to buy .	5	4
" Thank you so much for the superior job well done .	9	1
Blimey , I 'm tired , yawned Fred , setting down his knife and fork at last .	0	1
There are a number of key points that I would like to address before concluding .	5	2
Thanks ,	0	2
During the Nazi occupation , Łódź was incorporated directly into the Third Reich .	11	2
Hundreds of vendors offered products new and old , joined by celebrity guests like Stan Lee , Mark Hamill , and Margaret Atwood .	10	1
Here was the symbolic attainment of something he had believed in , willed and worked for , for a good stretch of his life :	10	1
She pointed to the refreshment table with Campbell 's Soup served with " electric " Kool Aid and tables adorned with colorful gumball " pills " .	8	1
If you want to take it a step further , look around questioningly at everyone in the elevator when no one gets off at the floors you pushed . [ 1 ]	26	3
Western and Afghan diplomats intimately involved with the meeting , said Bush pushed Musharraf hard on reigning in the Taliban so the elections could take place peacefully .	10	4
You may want to start your own joke file .	6	1
The logic is that ( nearly ) all Wave 4 respondents appeared in the Wave 1 sample , but not all would have been interviewed at Wave 3 due to differential patterns of temporary attrition .	9	1
Michael helped shoot the majority of my firm 's website and we could not have been happier .	7	2
I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000 .	4	1
The wires have been humming since before the New Year with reports that the Bush administration is planning an attack on Iran .	4	2
With the Taliban failure to disrupt the Afghan elections , the militants are even more isolated from the mainstream Taliban who want to return home .	12	4
Few analysts believe that the published collection follows Shakespeare 's intended sequence .	3	1
He is delighted to be here , and he is suffering the one activates the other .	12	1
Go ahead and forward to Brant if you are ready .	2	1
She ran down to meet them , her bushy brown hair flying behind her .	6	0
I have thus proposed that the frost rating be lowered to -40° C .	5	2
the following day his new son - in - law , Thomas Quiney was found guilty of fathering an illegitimate son by Margaret Wheeler , who had died during childbirth .	3	1
Its police includes a special unit which operates patrol and surveillance boats .	5	2
Fort Lee 's Public School 4 , a daily activity for the elementary school set	2	1
Montalvo had known Devocht personally , and came to the conclusion that the claims made about him in the Freedom article were lies .	21	4
S. and I have an acquaintance who has hosted several of these children for many years ; to see these little ones breaks the heart .	22	6
And were the Columbine killers acting out this " real morality " when they indescriminately murdered their classmates .	2	2
Staff exchange has , nonetheless , gained ground and has now become a standard feature of Pericles .	0	2
Even before the two unauthorised sonnets appeared in The Passionate Pilgrim in 1599 , Francis Meres had referred in 1598 to Shakespeare 's " sugred Sonnets among his private friends " .	14	1
If this man was as good a detective as the Stillmans thought he was , perhaps he would be able to help with the case .	20	1
Include items like toiletries , toilet paper , bottled water , snacks and a change of clothes in case you can not unpack everything in time .	19	3
Use a commercial , organic deterrent .	2	1
They have not all been met , but a great many have .	4	2
We also own two chickens that are kept in a run behind out garage / barn thing .	7	2
As of March 28 , 2003 , he was in a hospital for a cardiac problem and had been granted " pre-arrest bail . "	13	2
Adamson was in the flush of victory , all right .	9	1
DO Nt Go here	2	3
Are you deducting all operating expenses from the value of the option ?	10	2
The study focuses on ozone-temperature covariation : ground-level ozone increases with temperatures .	1	2
" He 's hanging out with the celebrities , and has kind of become the same sort of celebrity he was interested in documenting earlier in his career " , Wilkins said .	32	0
Are there any new developments in the trader world ?	4	2
Though '' decided '' is probably not the right word , since from the day they were born , these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders .	15	4
It 's queer how out of touch with truth women are .	8	2
On the fifteenth day I came in sight of the big river again , and hobbled into the Central Station .	4	4
In spite of his inane malapropisms , he can talk circles around everyone else in the book .	13	1
That lady at PetSmart is a disgrace to the rest of us PetSmart associates ... sheesh .	7	1
They have been accumulating for years , and basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he feels like it .	0	4
" Are you ashamed of her ? "	0	0
The spokesman did not rule out the possibility that others would also be investigated .	1	2
Hi I ´m from Brazil and I want to know of book 06 .	0	1
A plain black leotard and pink tights are usually a safe bet .	0	2
It has invested $ 3 billion in the African country 's oil industry , which supplies it with seven per cent of its needs .	18	1
Evidently , this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now .	4	2
It 's hard to keep up with the stories about billion dollar appropriations , debt forgiveness , and loan guarantees to countries like Egypt and Israel and now even Pakistan .	29	2
It is the whole political class that is being questioned about the way in which it must take up these challenges .	21	0
After assuming absolute control over the country , he saw no further need for a legislature , and on October 12 , 1859 , he issued a decree formally abolishing the United States Congress .	15	2
There 's one thing I 'll do for you , though .	9	0
When you export to Excel , detail fields will be available on the PivotTable toolbar in Excel , but the fields wo n't be displayed in the report .	21	2
If you would like more on sexing out Aplocheilus lineatus take a look at the discussion in the first source below .	14	2
Deal your meal from where the dishes are located .	7	4
What was I supposed to do , say I ca n't afford you and walk out with crap all over my hair .	0	1
It is my understanding , from good sources in the Gov s office that the Gov will order Loretta Lynch to expeditiously implement the provision to suspend all parties auhtority to enter into direct access contracts .	2	3
We will have to study several indicators , which will enable us to see the current state of regional societies that are in a worse situation than others , and how they are evolving .	6	2
I agree with you .	4	0
While other may be ok waiting in line at Town Bagel we are happy with the quality and service we get at Family Bagels	0	1
At the moment Shalev is in Levico Terme , Trento , Italy for a conference .	10	0
Peter Percell 10030 Doliver Drive percell@swbell.net Houston , TX 77042-2016 ( 713 ) 532-3836 voice & fax	5	0
I look forward to hearing from you .	5	1
There are a couple decent people working there , but the rest are VERY dishonest , as well as rude , I have yet to hear the truth come out of their mouths .	15	0
This process will continue in accordance with the financial spending guidelines laid down by the EU leaders at their Berlin Summit last year , which were supported by Parliament at its last May plenary part - session .	21	1
You need to check out the French Indochina War ( 1946 - 1954 ) not the Vietnam War ( 1957 - 1975 ) .	19	1
No explanations necessary , " says Nota .	3	0
Harry , trying to say Shh ! and look comforting at the same time , ushered Dobby back onto the bed where he sat hiccoughing , looking like a large and very ugly doll .	28	2
" Nonetheless he often spent long periods at Château De Saché , near Tours , the home of his friend Jean De Margonne , his mother 's lover and father to her youngest child .	34	0
already have plans on thursday .	3	1
I sat generally on the floor , while , of faultless appearance ( and even slightly scented ) , perching on a high stool , he wrote , he wrote .	29	4
That is why the EU was hopelessly outmaneuvered by Russia in the negotiations with Ukraine over an Association Agreement .	7	2
We do n't want too many tourists , and since we 'll both be out of school we can go anytime between the middle of June to early November .	26	1
If Hobbes is too nifty an authority , let us think of the social views of Jimmy Hoffa .	13	1
I just need to talk to an another american who has gone to the UK before so that I know what expect when arriving at the airport and with going through visa process and everything .	23	1
I have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job # 0000108806 that has become available in your department .	8	2
We walked in to pick our little man at 10 minutes to closing and heard laughter from kids and the staff .	14	4
Dobby shook his head , his eyes wider than ever .	5	4
However , do not purchase tickets until it is a done deal - a lesson I learned following the Ark game last season .	20	2
We have worked with Daniels on a chromatograph on another project and prepayment has taken 45 days alone .	8	1
The center of transportation by BART and by bus is there , if one wants to branch out .	15	1
The differences may stem from copying or printing errors , from notes by actors or audience members , or from Shakespeare 's own papers .	1	2
Image : Mark Rathbun .	1	0
The term of office of one of the Judges of the Court of Justice appointed in accordance with paragraph 1 shall expire on 6 October 2009 .	11	2
- SAMPLE.DOC	0	0
He had even imagined the conversation that would follow : he , suavely diffident as the stranger praised the book , and then , with great reluctance and modesty , agreeing to autograph the title page , since you insist .	8	2
By moving quickly to Iraqi sovereignty and improvement of Iraqi lives , the US may be able to get Iraqis on its side , so that they turn in the foreigners .	21	4
I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in CA ( for customers already on DA ) .	2	2
As we go up into the Via Dolorosa , we hear an exciting jingle .	4	1
She was , however , reading a book , a paperback with a lurid cover , and Quinn leaned over ever so slightly to his right to catch a glimpse of the title .	5	2
being accepted with such immediate casual friendliness by everyone was rather like being forced to learn a foreign language by finding oneself alone among people who spoke nothing else :	5	1
For many of us , this includes small chores , like taking out the trash or pulling a few weeds , but can include simple tasks in all areas of life .	7	1
That is because each and every miracle and each specialized district occupies an entire field .	11	6
" Despite an increase in vehicle miles driven and energy consumption , surface ozone has declined by 25 percent on average across the U.S. from 1980 to 2012 [...]	0	0
If Iran and Syria - with their significant armaments , missile technologies and suspected chemical weapons capabilities - decide to engage with the relatively undersized US force in Iraq , our troops there will be fish in a barrel .	15	2
In 1832 , the former cloister was sold to the manufacturer Georg Reichenbach by the state of Württemberg with the stipulation to establish a cotton factory there .	24	2
Gloria developed severe eczema at the age of four months and the parents were advised to send the child to a skin specialist .	0	2
The population increased , as many people from Luzon and the Visayas came to work either as fishermen or miners .	14	2
The rigorous enforcement of implementing measures is necessary to reduce the environmental impact of regulated EUPs and to ensure fair competition .	17	1
This is the ARES group that handles returned samples ( Moon Rocks , Genesis chips , Meteorites , and Interplanetary Dust Particles collected by U2 in the stratosphere ) .	13	2
Please , make sure that we are billed .	6	4
The Khitans had made several aggressive negotiations of pushing their borders south , while manipulating several incompetent Chinese ambassadors who conceded to the Liao Kingdom 's demands .	21	1
We take note of that , Mr von Habsburg , and I should be grateful if you could provide us with this letter .	4	2
Does Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version ?	3	1
But I still wanted to push against his hand and put my hand in his pocket and steal the leather palmed glove , that secret animal .	13	1
We respect the fact that debate and discussion continue in many of our religious communities as to the scriptural , theological and liturgical issues involved .	21	1
The portions were generous and we got out for less than the cost of one entree at some chain restaurant .	16	1
This was by boat from continental Europe .	4	1
Their selection is top notch and the staff is very knowledgable .	8	6
On the bus : Get on Bus 95 going toward " Porte de Vanves " .	4	3
In about forty-five seconds I found myself again in the waiting-room with the compassionate secretary , who , full of desolation and sympathy , made me sign some document .	9	2
Let him go at his own pace , do n't rush with him , and never ever resort to physical violence with your bird .	19	1
Do n't feed them broccoli , cauliflower , garlic , onions , head lettuce .... they are all too difficult for them to digest .	14	0
The world has had evidence of this gender gap since at least 2011 , but only limited data about its scope , shape , and causes .	4	2
Many aspects of the transition have already been successfully debated and worked out , for example continuity in Kong 's civil service .	20	1
Sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront , and it is on a one - way street , but the restaurant itself is NEVER overcrowded .	2	6
Bisconti wanted over $ 300 to fix my laptop and these guys fixed it for $ 90 !	10	2
They compensate for this by creating the impression that they have a lot of friends - they have a ' quantity , not quality ' mentality .	11	2
The strongest evidence might be a Catholic statement of faith signed by John Shakespeare , found in 1757 in the rafters of his former house in Henley Street .	0	2
If they do not , if businesspeople feel marginalised , if entrepreneurs cannot take part , not only in managing but also in receiving these funds , we will have missed an opportunity to attain our objectives more rapidly .	11	2
it just depends on the individual joke .	4	2
On April 12 , 1981 , Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center on STS-1 , the first space shuttle mission .	5	0
They could n't use real Quidditch balls , which would have been hard to explain if they had escaped and flown away over the village ; instead they threw apples for each other to catch .	16	4
if you do n’t lay a good foundation here , then the punchline wo n’t make sense to the audience or they wo n’t find it humorous .	15	2
Old and new meet in Fort Lee , as the Good Shepherd Episcopalian Church is dwarfed by a residential highrise immediately behind it	16	1
Last year she came up to me during one of the games late in the season ; she was so happy we were going to the post season .	24	1
I like to imagine that scene in the marketplace at Toledo .	10	2
Then someone says that it ca n't be long now before the Russians write Arafat off .	7	2
Goodwyn dutifully notes that Baba Groom did n't remember George telling drunk stories .	1	1
Almost at once , Harry wished he had n't spoken .	5	4
Whereas recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom , justice and peace in the world ;	19	2
" That 's why he did the Campbell Soup cans or the Marilyn pictures , these iconic products of American culture whether they be in film , video or actually products we consumed .	1	2
Room was amazing .	2	1
But something about it seemed to call out to him – as if its unique destiny in the world was to hold the words that came from his pen .	23	2
Companies may try to set up a firewall between sensitive systems and foreign powers , but it does not always work .	18	2
Use dried snake feces .	2	2
To figure out when the last frost will be , consult an almanac or talk with other gardeners in your area .	15	1
" The black race is the people through which the devil has always been able to bring evil unto the earth , " Jeffs has said as cited by the Southern Poverty Law Center 's " Intelligence Report . "	4	6
Do we have someone who is watching this out there ?	4	1
In 1591 the authorities reported that John Shakespeare had missed church " for fear of process for debt " , a common Catholic excuse .	10	2
But let s hope for their sake ( and the sake of all space lovers out there ) that they can redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again .	2	4
I will have to leave downtown at about 945 to catch a plane .	4	2
Visas and Study Permits are administered by Citizenship and Immigration Canada , and any questions regarding applications should be directed to them .	22	0
-- The Moon / Mars vision :	0	0
Increases longevity .	1	2
Funny .	0	1
They went the extra mile to repair my cowboy boots -- they had to have a special kind of paper that looked like wood grain to fix the heels .	27	2
I 'll admit I was n't expecting much from this place , but they really did do a good job .	13	4
I am the only candidate born and raised in Virginia , but also the only candidate who embodies both physically and philosophically the growing diversity of the commonwealth .	26	2
The Romantic poets attempted to revive Shakespearean verse drama , though with little success .	12	1
It was in the park , too , that Stillman rested .	6	1
Xinhua alleged that " Many of the Iraqis , who suffer the American occupation of Iraq , relate their case with that of the Palestinian people , under the Israeli occupation . "	22	1
Add 2 cups of liquid and 1/2 teaspoon of salt into the rice cooker .	0	2
People do not go to Ireland on holiday for the weather , it is unpredictable .	0	2
For whatever reason , President Barack Obama 's administration did not push this item hard in 2013 and early 2014 – and the agenda of encouraging further IMF reform has therefore languished .	32	0
make sure that you have a shallow dish of water for it .	7	2
Pretending he had n't noticed this , Harry sat down and took the toast Mrs Weasley offered him .	8	4
I came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction , which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to an account requiring maximum confidence .	14	2
Valentino tried to distance the character from a stereotypical portrayal of an Arab man .	6	1
Iraq , already a seething cauldron , will sink further into chaos .	7	2
I have called Mark Lay and left a message on his voice mail .	6	2
Hopefully he did n't spel anyting incorrectly .	1	5
You will not be able to seek work or take a job , in Canada , with out having to show your Immigration VISA and Canadian Social Insurance Number card to any potential employer .	30	1
In this scenario , pieces of option three remain stubbornly impervious to artificial intelligence and continue to be mind - numbingly boring , while option four – engaging in social reciprocity and negotiation – remains limited .	13	2
But poverty and ignorance can thwart even the best intentions .	7	2
For example , you can specify that a control is raised , sunken , or etched .	12	3
On the other hand , this is essentially a statement that the company is overpriced from the guy who knows it best -- and happens to be the best investor of the last century .	33	2
With these clinics , we hope to initiate a stream of DH activities in Dutch universities , making access to support easier for new digital scholars .	20	2
Prior to taking office Jokowi sought for outgoing President Yudhoyono to take responsibility for the decision to further increase fuel prices by further removing subsidies .	5	4
In Vietnam , when a baby was born , they must be named " first name " according to that of their fathers .	10	2
" We believe the action we took addressed a severe concern , '' Robinson said .	11	0
ya i really would n't bother with the yoga	0	1
What about the adage , “ Those who forget history are doomed to repeat it ” ?	12	1
Learn from a Cesar Gracie black belt and former ufc fighter !	5	1
You won't see this section if you 've already added a security question to your account .	6	2
I still remember him stuttering about " the General , " unable to remember Musharraf 's name .	6	0
The swift and indifferent placidity of that look troubled me .	1	2
What 's the best time to start a trip around the world ?	7	2
Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day .	10	1
At greater wind speeds , some particles are lifted into the air stream .	8	2
His official biography also claims that Kim composed six operas and enjoys staging elaborate musicals .	3	1
" While he disdained the label of " realist " , Flaubert clearly took heed of Balzac 's close attention to detail and unvarnished depictions of bourgeois life .	21	2
I 'm not sure that ENE @ 75 is the place , but maybe @ 73 .	10	2
$ 5.5 b - Estimated cost to secure fully US ports over the Next decade .	1	1
Sometimes he stood up for exercise .	2	4
They put the story into proper literary form – in Spanish – and then turned the manuscript over to Samson Carrasco , the bachelor from Salamanca , who proceeded to translate it into Arabic .	31	1
Using 5 x 700 ml / 23.6 fl oz bottles , pour 300 ml / 10.1 fl oz of vodka into a jug and fill each bottle with skittles .	3	1
News of the retreat came as a great shock to Danish public opinion which had considered the Danevirke to be impregnable , and General de Meza was promptly relieved of his command .	3	2
I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts .	7	2
It has also opened VW up to huge compensation claims , legal action and has seen it take more than € 16bn of provisions .	2	1
But I did find this website , www.igourmet.com , where they sell all types of sausages , including blood sausages !	19	2
No , technically they do not need a UVB light ; they are nocturnal .	2	1
Authorities would likely have been happy answering questions about Posada 's whereabouts with an indefinite shrug .	4	2
We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected , but let me know what we can do .	11	1
Our fence was installed quickly in August and they had their money and left saying " Workmanship is guaranteed for a year ! " .	22	0
Is that reasonable ?	1	1
* Provides a high degree of rate stability , with a 3.5 % escalator to capture both inflation and the cost of needed capital projects .	23	2
With regards to religious practices , Fiorello was educated within the Episcopal Church , and remained a member of the Protestant Church throughout his life .	19	2
great !	0	1
This failed relationship would become a recurrent theme in Higuchi 's fiction .	5	2
The Licensor grants You the rights contained here in consideration of your acceptance of such terms and conditions .	3	2
“ We live in the modern era ! ” she cried .	0	0
In some parts of the city , numbered streets intersect , so the distinction is important .	10	0
Since I 'm usually at work late Deb has stayed around to help me out when needed .	4	1
However , there was no further public recognition of her wartime resistance and humanitarian work until after the end of communist rule in Poland .	2	1
Pat Wood made a phone call to Tom Noel and told him to get the Texas market fixed .	4	2
As such , we will distribute net shares calculating the proper withholding at fair market value the day prior to notifying the transfer agent .	23	2
So chances are that if your dog likes to watch T.V. , it ’s probably because of the sounds .	0	1
reasons plllz	1	1
When something is unprecedented , it means it does n’t have a past , does n’t have a history .	19	0
Along with collecting comics on-site , the group was fundraising through raffles and button sales .	7	2
Her big British eyes are affronted and her bosom has risen with indignation .	1	1
Oh and btw I live in los angeles look for places in like the lb area and torrance etc thanx ^_^	7	2
I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts .	8	1
Please complete agreement and forward to counterparty .	6	2
The owner / baker , " Pie Guy " is a hoot to deal with as well .	16	1
A +++	0	0
I got him from the new labour exchange – I thought , well , let 's try it , so they send him along , five years ' experience , everything fine .	12	1
Feathered Feet / Shanks - Chicks could have feathered feet / shanks as this is also incomplete dominate .	0	1
He was speedily reassured , and with a large , white , rascally grin , and a glance at his charge , seemed to take me into partnership in his exalted trust .	27	2
With these fusions , chiropractric is n't as successful , but it still is very helpful .	7	1
For a split second , Uncle Vernon stood framed in the doorway ; then he let out a bellow like an angry bull and dived at Harry , grabbing him by the ankle .	2	2
Your ruling planet , Jupiter , will be in a special relationship with Pluto - called " mutual reception " - in 2005 .	23	0
The only way for visitors to travel to the Chathams is via scheduled or chartered air service .	17	0
After assuming absolute control over the country , he saw no further need for a legislature , and on October 12 , 1859 , he issued a decree formally abolishing the United States Congress .	21	0
He was an okay doctor but not worth her .	8	5
The ball is now in the Commission 's court .	6	2
You can filter a field to display only data that matches the value in a selected cell .	4	2
No , the luxurious facilities and fun filled activities in the Disney cruise are very attractive to people of all ages .	18	1
" Inhibitory systems are essential for controlling the pattern of activity in the cortex , which has important implications for the mechanisms of cortical operation , according to a Yale School of Medicine study in Neuron ....	11	1
A simple follow - up phone call with a woman quickly turned into a nightmare .	1	1
Harry looked nothing like the rest of the family .	7	2
3 . Is there too much mineral in the water ?	2	6
Dengue fever is a leading cause of illness and death in the tropics and subtropics , with as many as 100 million people infected each year .	16	1
" Success comes before work " only in the dictionary	9	2
In an interview with Terry Gross , Stephen Colbert said of his time at Second City that they had decided on not doing political humor and , in particular , hackneyed political humor such as Ted Kennedy drinking jokes .	34	1
Madam President , there has clearly been a misunderstanding .	5	1
She highly recommended him and described him as the " Saintly Instructor and Simply the Best Instructor there is .... very calm , pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions " .	27	1
I do n't know if I should call him again tomorrow or not ?	4	1
Such consultation may highlight the need for a phased introduction or transitional measures .	4	2
He looked through the yellow pages for the Auster Detective Agency .	0	5
After the way she spoke to me on my last visit , I will not be returning !!	2	2
Bilbray joined the " gouging " band wagon .	3	0
Your love life will thrive for most of the year , and any relationship begun or reaffirmed in 2005 is very likely to be a lasting one .	18	1
Montalvo had known Devocht personally , and came to the conclusion that the claims made about him in the Freedom article were lies .	3	2
She has gone into the issue in some depth and in the committee debate she took account of many of the amendments that have been tabled regarding this report .	27	2
We have received the executed Amendment to the Subscription Agreement with WeatherTrade , Inc. dated March 2 , 2000 .	0	4
Consider these points for mounting laser sights on semi-automatic wangs .	5	2
Harry , trying to say Shh ! and look comforting at the same time , ushered Dobby back onto the bed where he sat hiccoughing , looking like a large and very ugly doll .	12	1
[ The santorum neologism is ] offensive beyond , you know , anything that any public figure or anybody in America should tolerate , and the mainstream media laughs about it . — Rick Santorum	1	2
“ More people are turning to credit … While this borrowing might be manageable now , a sudden change in circumstances could lead to debt problems . ”	27	0
Explanations of the origin of music depend on how music is defined .	1	1
Subject : IMMEDIATE ATTENTION NEEDED :	0	2
Australia 's Royal National Park , established in 1879 , was the world 's second officially established national park .	10	6
After you do this , the Category field will have three members : Fixed , Popular , and Other .	13	2
Good farming practice and animal welfare can not be considered in isolation from food legislation as a whole .	5	2
" Still , both authors used the form of the realist novel to probe the machinations of society and the myriad motives of human behavior .	12	1
The Hydor SlimSkim Nano is a good nano protein skimmer , it 's an in - tank design that could easily sit in your sump .	4	6
In addition to the Structural Funds and the common agricultural policy , the financing of the Community needs to undergo radical reform .	9	1
He said that resistance was the only commonsense solution .	2	1
I lived here for two years when the prices were a little lower :) The places are very nice and clean , and in great condition !	2	1
Will definitely return .	3	0
( 27 ) Noting the importance of avoiding non - compliance , Member States should ensure that the necessary means are available for effective market surveillance .	24	2
Old and new meet in Fort Lee , as the Good Shepherd Episcopalian Church is dwarfed by a residential highrise immediately behind it	10	2
They made me feel confident in what they would do , and treated me like a member of their own family .	8	2
As a result , Malthus 's concerns about mass starvation have failed to materialize in any peaceful capitalist economy .	7	1
I will be calling tropics for my companie s next event !	5	1
The promotion by the pro-Zionist right of twin occupations - in the West Bank and in Iraq - has profoundly weakened , not strengthened , Israeli security .	12	2
i want it b/c it is really small and cute .	1	4
And what is it that has led the Jews to place themselves , after the greatest disaster of their history , in a danger zone ?	11	5
The direction of saccades is determined by an interaction between the goals of the observer and the physical properties of the different elements of the scene ( e.g. colour , texture , brightness etc ) .	13	2
Each XML document must have a unique root element ( an element encompassing the entire document ) .	16	0
She was way easy to work with and made my wedding day so easy and she got some amazing pictures , not only of me , but of my family and friends .	6	1
A very good friend of mine highly recommended the Professional Driving School and I was told to specifically ask for Gerry .	8	2
A coalition forces spokesman confirmed they had not received " any weapons from Bosnia " and added they were " not aware of any purchases for Iraq from Bosnia " .	8	2
If you are really desperate for something to pass the time and are willing to shell out the best part of £ 30 for 2 two people then go for it .	24	1
Some of the younger kids that work there are a bit sub par , but if you wait for Nick ... you 'll be good .	20	0
I tried to stay as brave and calm as a human being could under the circumstances .	3	2
Of course , the Minutes for tomorrow 's sitting will take into account any additional explanations .	13	1
Steps	0	2
Believe it or not , but the channel guide has been most helpful to my family members that visit and do n't know where to start when it comes to watching satellite tv .	28	6
Another time I 'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where " Mommies " get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason .	21	1
out of carnival , royal caribbean , and norweigan ( cruises ) which is the best and why ?	16	1
He jumped the last six stairs , landing catlike on the hall carpet , looking around for Dobby .	5	2
Not only had he been sent back to the beginning , he was now before the beginning , and so far before the beginning that it was worse than any end he could imagine .	18	1
It is possible when the matter is raised with the Committee on Petitions .	10	2
You will be more eloquent and persuasive than usual , and others will identify enthusiastically with your vision .	14	1
The Andaman Sea is a major conduit for this traffic , and the 572 large and small islands that constitute the Andaman and Nicobar group are a natural transit base .	13	1
They could n't use real Quidditch balls , which would have been hard to explain if they had escaped and flown away over the village ; instead they threw apples for each other to catch .	20	2
To view total or detail data from the underlying record source , move fields to the detail area .	16	2
If you want to stay with friends or family in Cuba you have to go with your intended host within two days after arrival to a migration office and pay 40 CUC for a 30 days family visa .	17	1
Today , IP accounts for much of the value at large companies .	1	0
237 - Minimum number of misleading statements on Iraq made by top Bush administration officials between 2002 and January 2004 , according to the California Representative Henry Waxman .	5	1
Jai Hawker 974-6721	2	1
- it dries out , losing the water that is soaked into the set structure	7	2
Four more give the minimum and maximum declinations of the full moon : in summer , and in winter .	5	1
Not once did I feel listened to like they actually cared about what I wanted , all they were interested in was me signing a contract right then and there .	22	4
No problem about moving Company 1691 over	0	1
Jan Wilson - Manager 416-865-3704	1	2
A sacrococcygeal teratoma is a tumour that develops before birth and grows from a baby 's tailbone .	6	1
Anyone know a release date ?	5	0
1 year before collage or college ?	1	2
It used to be fabulous , why did you guys change it ??	11	5
According to the critic Frank Kermode , " the play - offers neither its good characters nor its audience any relief from its cruelty " .	16	1
San Francisco was always progressive and welcoming and tolerant to all kinds of people historically .	9	1
The origin of the city 's name is unknown , however , the word łódź translates to " boat " in English .	0	2
In a 2003 interview with the Associated Press , Rick Santorum compared legalizing same-sex marriage in the United States to supporting bestiality .	17	2
Export the data schema using XML Schema standard ( XSD ) .	0	3
If your ruling is that I cannot give an explanation of vote , I accept that but accept with reservations .	1	1
Ironically sometimes it is wise to newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs .	18	1
Ten years since they had been deported from the territory , ten years since she was a youngish woman of forty , and the girls were still schoolgirls .	5	2
i would n't bother with yoga i 'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem , ride bareback , with no irons , there s also a way to ride on your knees ?	12	1
The least we can do is pass this news along .	9	1
He described her as a " remarkable " and " loving and wonderful " woman who left her mark in the literary world with her stories .	25	2
I just called again and was told that workmanship , not wood , is guaranteed for a year - well in my opinion - the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship !	35	2
" The future is only peace . The problem is how long will it take and how many victims will it call for . "	9	6
Start of _ The SOUND & the FURY _ : April 6 , 1928 Good Friday	11	1
< John can come over to eat at my house anytime .	4	1
They both went to jail and a new manager was put in charge of the apartments .	6	2
The car was approaching , was carrying him through the market quarter of the town .	2	6
Pew researchers looked at about 40 studies that could provide an assessment of whether climate was affecting biology .	15	6
My car broke down and roadside towed my vehicle to Sussman Kia .	3	1
Between us there was , as I have already said somewhere , the bond of the sea .	2	1
He also discussed the federalization of the City of Buenos Aires , the extension of the commercial code and the appointment of new generals to the army .	14	1
I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law .	33	2
Her high school graduation picture was an aerial photograph .	2	2
Ed ,	0	2
We hire educated , nice people .	5	2
Eagle Transmission determined that much of the work the dealer said needed to be done was unneccesary and what needed to be fixed was only $ 400 !!	6	2
The countries which are giving to America to aid are a great example of the seed that America has sown through the years with other nations .	23	1
Well one of the first things he did was to back down on the promise of not expanding NATO to the east .	22	0
It has been emphasised that we absolutely can not continue with those who are completely against Italy .	13	4
Which should be a private issue	5	2
The creature slipped off the bed and bowed so low that the end of its long thin nose touched the carpet .	1	2
I leave it to you as homework to figure out what Spain or France would have done , in such a situation .	10	1
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions : Please do not transmit orders and / or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account ( s ) by e-mail .	24	1
However , I seriously doubt that the introduction of free market principles , which the report so enthusiastically recommends , is the right solution .	10	2
I like to imagine that scene in the marketplace at Toledo .	9	1
Perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing Zahav was going to be golden as its name suggests ( and as the many golden reviews seem to attest ) , we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience .	27	1
We now know that Bush and his administration came into office obsessed with Iraq .	14	0
Samuel Schott	0	2
The wine was warm , but an early-hours-of-the-morning rain came out like sweat , and coolness blew in on necks and faces .	0	2
An example of a desert island would be the small islands off the coast of Baja California , Mexico .	12	2
Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red .	3	2
This pledge is a new development .	0	2
Name of specific Hibachi restaurant in Chicago ?	0	2
Besides works whose copyright has expired , there is an increasing number of modern books available under Creative Commons and similar licenses .	11	2
Here in Jerusalem , when you shut your apartment door behind you you fall into a gale of conversation exposition , argument , harangue , analysis , theory , expostulation , threat , and prophecy .	7	2
" Some people have stories about coming from the Earth , " Veronique said .	10	0
But he was an inside / outside cat ( only one I owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats ) .	7	2
The owner / baker , " Pie Guy " is a hoot to deal with as well .	1	2
Reports are circulating in the intelligence community that the Andaman Islands are not only thick with Myanmar rebels .	3	1
On board the Freewinds , Paris claims that she was working from 6:00am to midnight and due to lack of sleep ended up being a walking zombie .	17	1
As you know , our next meeting is on Wednesday , July 12 from 3:00 - 5:30 p.m .	5	1
If this interpretation required knowledge on Stillman 's part , then Quinn would accept this knowledge as an article of faith , at least for the time being .	23	2
" I think America 's obsession with celebrity culture is as strong today as it was when Warhol was living " , said Gustafon .	12	1
The advisor kept me up to date and informed on the progress of my vehicle .	3	4
He had made it to the third or fourth paragraph when the man turned slowly toward him , gave him a vicious stare , and jerked the paper out of view .	3	1
It differs from the western portion of the country in that its prominent topographic features do not parallel the coast .	11	4
In the outer group level , the header section contains fields from the Orders table and the footer section contains a calculated total control named OrderValue .	14	2
They are very rude over the phone and in person .	1	4
Unfortunately , with respect , it shows an enormous ignorance of what actually happens to wine in those countries that it is shipped to .	24	0
Everything was bland , completely void of any spice or flavor .	9	1
The transaction is F.O.B. Reserve Marine Terminal in Chicago , Ill Metro Area .	6	2
Interested parties involved should be consulted and cooperate actively in this analysis .	3	5
SMALL BEER PRESS EASTHAMPTON , MASS .	3	2
That had simply been a method , a way of trying to predict what would happen .	2	1
They 'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want , plus all the information you need to apply .	11	1
The p-value associated with the design-based F is thus more accurate ( than the associated with the χ2 statistic ) given the adjustments and calculations take into account the weighted nature of the data .	16	2
The games will have to take place on Fri , Sat , or Sun .	2	2
As the American public gradually wearies of the Iraq crisis , some have begun worrying that the war could blow back on the US by creating the conditions for anti-American terrorism .	13	2
For example , the Weatherspoon Art Museum at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro saw attendance levels reach 11,000 visitors when it exhibited its Warhol collection in 2010 , according to curator Elaine Gustafon .	11	2
STEP ONE : You do not need to re-type this entire letter to do your own posting .	9	2
The following categories from the original questionnaire were collapsed into one category for the analysis : race ; ancestry or national origin ; and shade of skin color .	11	2
A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and the Middle East .	7	2
If there is no oppression of Russian speakers in Ukraine , there is no reason to change the country 's political structure .	19	1
People 's identity is made up of individual elements and elements of larger units to which they belong , and peoples ' impact on reality depends on which elements dominate their behavior .	14	1
Please reply in strict confidence to the contact numbers below .	8	2
My father was a young man , thirty-five , younger because he liked to be outside , to play softball on Saturday and to take my mother and me camping on vacation .	13	1
Even though they might not be the best way to get around the island , a ride on the bus is still an experience you should not miss .	17	1
The London public playhouses were repeatedly closed during extended outbreaks of the plague ( a total of over 60 months closure between May 1603 and February 1610 ) , which meant there was often no acting work .	7	1
Montalvo had known Devocht personally , and came to the conclusion that the claims made about him in the Freedom article were lies .	5	0
The service is poor ...	1	2
The food continues to be very good -- deli sandwiches , homemade soups , fresh salads .	1	2
If you would be so kind , could you possibly let me know of your status over the next couple of days ?	21	2
You can order appetizers rather than a full meal and have just as good a dinner .	2	2
you know that both o'neal and matt are out ?	0	3
Again , the number was busy .	6	0
Yes storage for your luggages is still available at Gare Montparnasse .	10	2
His 1835 novel Le Lys dans La Vallée features a cruel governess named Miss Caroline , modeled after his own caregiver .	14	1
They got out of the car .	4	2
SOLAS ( Safety Of Life At Sea ) , which is an international maritime treaty , came about in response to the tragedy of the Titanic .	2	2
On Monday I called and again it was a big to - do to find anyone who knew anything about it .	4	1
That rejection got to the point that George Harrison kicked Yoko Ono in the Apple studios during the filming of Let it Be .	5	2
The dancers were falling back round a Polish agriculturalist who was teaching a gangling Englishman and two young Africans an Eastern European peasant dance .	12	2
It was only months and months afterwards , when I made the attempt to recover what was left of the body , that I heard the original quarrel arose from a misunderstanding about some hens .	23	4
Until now Pakistan has not facilitated such a return and clearly it can not happen until there is both a pull from Kabul and a push from Islamabad .	16	1
We 've had a crate made to transport Fritzi , and she 's been trying it on him .	7	2
You 'll see .	0	1
1 . Is a tank mate ( such as another female killie or a Cory or large snails ) rating the eggs ?	13	2
I believe someone called about this today , but Mr. Lay asked me to let you know that these dates do n't work for him , either .	6	2
Well one day he said to me You know i do n't wear Underwear as he was bent over Working on my Mare s Right front hoof .. and I was Like Ummmm okay ???	7	3
I did n't understand what she 'd said except that they were visiting .	8	1
So you can pretty much get whatever deal you want anytime .	7	2
At the Pettigrews ' house that night , Dando 's voice came from the group round someone basting a sheep on the home-made spit : ... damn all except go fishing with his secretary acting ghillie ...	19	2
On the hottest days , it can get up to 115 ° F ( 46 ° C ) or more .	18	1
There are , therefore , two points to which I would like to draw the Commission 's attention .	6	2
Our research has shown that these agencies do not need more controls .	10	2
Having enjoyed a career peak at home in Australia , Geyer returned to live in Los Angeles in 1984 to concentrate on breaking into the musical scene there .	28	0
I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase , and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation .	25	2
On Monday I called and again it was a big to - do to find anyone who knew anything about it .	8	2
Before he had a chance to absorb the woman 's presence , to describe her to himself and form his impressions , she was talking to him , forcing him to respond .	3	2
These measures shall enter into force only subject to and on the date of the entry into force of this Treaty .	7	1
Say after I finished those 2 years and I found a job .	9	4
You can go further and feel that your unit consciousness , a dot in the Infinite Consciousness , is merging with Infinity .	16	2
-- beautiful girls --	1	1
Compared with my own objectives , I do not think the demands made by either of them are tough enough .	5	0
2005 will be a year of ups and downs , and only the flexible will be able to keep from going crazy !	6	2
Well one of the first things he did was to back down on the promise of not expanding NATO to the east .	20	2
Now suppose , instead of Styrofoam peanuts , we take these lovely little chocolates that we get and we had those instead .	4	1
I do n't know if this will change other nation 's perceptions of America .	10	1
If you hear a lot of awkward pauses or “ah”s or “um”s , your joke isn ’t ready and you need to practice more . [ 8 ]	16	2
The best in the area !	3	2
The chicken should be " hypnotized " and cease to struggle .	6	0
$ 3.7 m - Amount the EPA valued each human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during the Bush administration .	15	2
1 . In Section 1.1 , there should be a parentheses after etc. in the 5th line .	17	0
You forget , dear Charlie , that the laborer is worthy of his hire , she said , brightly .	1	4
The Licensor grants You the rights contained here in consideration of your acceptance of such terms and conditions .	6	2
All I can say is that I am glad I went in !	3	2
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be reliable , but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete .	21	5
( 14 ) As a general principle , the energy consumption of EUPs in stand-by or off - mode should be reduced to the minimum necessary for their proper functioning .	20	2
“ Nonetheless , ” the traveler said , and she walked out .	8	1
Doves are a species of pigeon , they are Seed eaters , they do not eat bread , or worms .	14	1
( For some reason it will not let me rate it one star - it is not rated 5 by me ! )	18	1
It was a great deal -- we paid a certain amount per person , and my husband and I chose 4 types of pizza and the servers brought out as much as we wanted .	33	4
What an opportunity for only $ 6.00 ( $ 1.00 for each of the first six people listed above )	8	0
The amount of goods transported on the Danube increased to about 100 million tons in 1987 .	10	1
For example , in recent years Italy has had problems in utilising the Structural Funds , mainly because of excessive bureaucracy , insufficient information and a lack of involvement of economic and social operators at local level .	29	1
Commissioner , we shall continue to raise the issue , as Article 158 , paragraph 1 , of the Treaty of Amsterdam provides for an integrated policy for islands .	9	0
The Osage Trail is a rails-to-trails route that begins at the OSU-Tulsa campus and travels north 15 miles to Skiatook .	9	1
" One of the reasons that iodine is going down is because people are taking that good healthy eating message and not adding salt during cooking . "	13	4
Seth provides deep tissue massage which has significantly reduced the pain in my neck and shoulders and added flexibility and movement back to the area .	18	2
try something like photoscape which has different options ...	8	0
The passionate beginning , the long openness and understanding between them should have meant that she would know what he wanted .	2	2
An international contest of cartoons on the Holocaust opened in Tehran in response to the publication in Western papers last September of caricatures of the Prophet Mohammed .	27	0
In some cases , for example Hamlet , Troilus and Cressida and Othello , Shakespeare could have revised the texts between the quarto and folio editions .	15	5
As concerned citizens we affirm the liberty of adults of the same gender to love and marry .	2	2
Auster leaned back on the sofa , smiled with a certain ironic pleaure , and lit a cigarette .	8	1
All the carriers were speaking together , and in the midst of the uproar the lamentable voice of the chief agent was heard ' giving it up ' tearfully for the twentieth time that day ...	34	2
( Even though he has bigger things to do in D.C. , this is his legacy and he recognizes that if deregulation does not work in Texas , the repercussions could be global . )	4	6
The stories from this first period ( 1892 – 94 ) suffered from the excessive influence of Heian poetry .	16	1
In any event , my presentation should give you a starting point .	12	0
1,200 - Number of public - diplomacy officers employed by the State Department to further US image abroad in 2004 .	14	2
The bear ran off .	2	4
Five years ' experience , but d' you know what as ?	6	4
Martin 's box is working wonderfully - I 'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by Friday .	3	6
I have a western pleasure appy that s really heavy on her left lead at the lope ?	5	2
If you already have a Facebook account , you can log in to your account from the same page .	1	2
The original people of the islands are the Moriori , who were descended from the Maori of mainland New Zealand , but who developed their own culture and variant of the language .	30	2
Even if the majority of situations that arise in the workplace can be resolved without conflict .	13	2
Any use of the work other than as authorized under this license or copyright law is prohibited .	15	6
When I said yes to Mweta I knew it and every time I walk past the title on my office door I know it .	23	1
It is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of George Harrison , who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him .	29	2
Consequently , the proposals could , in practice , produce the opposite effect to that intended and become an obstacle to increased competition .	18	2
At the baggage carousel I see my youthful Hasid again and we take a final look at each other .	3	2
My breyers need stables or barns though ..... and I need directions and materials on how to make them .	6	1
ONe of a few .	2	2
The sooner he got out of here , the better .	6	1
Compared with my own objectives , I do not think the demands made by either of them are tough enough .	10	2
And by 2007 , at the height of its popularity ( and , perhaps , Knightley 's ) it was a top 50 name , with three times more babies named Keira than Kiera .	8	4
Anse Bertrand , not far from there , you can visit La pointe de la Grande Vigie , northern point of mainland Guadeloupe .	23	0
Floating Amount = ( Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating Price ) - USD [ 38,000 ? ]	13	0
I loved my stay here and if ever back in the area , I will be staying here again .	0	4
In exchange for sucking vast amounts of water out of the local land , the mighty corporation promised to bring the people great wealth .	21	2
During the conciliation procedure the Commission , indeed you , Commissioner , declared that a proposal on seaports would be on the table immediately .	18	2
" The US will work its way through the loss of a city and we are making progress after seven short days .	9	2
It can be a little on the spicy side but just ask them exactly what you want and they are very helpful .	11	3
Nobody can claim that the interference of Afghanistan ’s neighbours is over , but the elections will do much to strengthen Karzai and deal more firmly with neighbours ’ interference .	18	1
Please review it and let me know if you have any comments on or before Tuesday afternoon ( I will be out of the office Monday ) .	19	2
A UN review of national plans to cut carbon says they are well short of the levels needed to keep the rise in global temperatures under 2C .	15	2
He was a first-class agent , young , gentlemanly , a bit reserved , with a forked little beard and a hooked nose .	8	1
You should use the same spreadsheet format used for the 1/29/02 DPR .	4	1
Open a blank ' notepad ' file and place your cursor at the top of the blank page .	7	1
Separating a pair some time before a show ( killies are usually shown & judged & often sold as pairs ) will encourage them to court and show their best colors .	1	2
After 1610 , Shakespeare wrote fewer plays , and none are attributed to him after 1613 .	0	1
Photographs from a seized computer disc included the controls and the locks on the door between the passengers and pilot .	2	2
( Believe it or not , it takes a minimum of 5 years to apply . )	12	2
Nevertheless this places Karzai in a difficult and sensitive situation because he has to maintain excellent relations with both the US and Iran .	11	5
In line with the above analysis and in the light of the conclusions of the evaluator of Pericles , this Communication is accompanied by a proposal for the adaptation and continuation of Pericles .	10	1
KSM explained that Moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax work being done by US - trained biochemist and Al Qaeda operative , Malaysian Yazid Sufaat .	13	1
These changes are occurring across all species , Parmesan told UPI 's Climate .	9	4
I went in later that afternoon and met with Michael .	5	2
But that was all .	2	6
Soon afterwards , around the time of his father 's death , Balzac wrote El Verdugo - about a 30 - year - old man who kills his father ( Balzac was 30 years old at the time ) .	19	1
This is a terrorist organization plain and simple .	0	2
I have to say that the baby does not scream after her of anything ... he / she sleeps .	1	4
How are you making out on the revised version of the LOC ?	4	1
Work hard and retire early .	5	0
Did you do a deal with National Fuel Marketing purchasing 3,500 mmbtu on May 30th @ 2.975 ?	5	1
Dudley , who was so large his bottom drooped over either side of the kitchen chair , grinned and turned to Harry .	10	1
For example , I am concerned when I buy the monthly bus passes and I have to fill in my SS number .	6	1
The move highlighted the company 's desire for users to start thinking of its products as more than just productivity tools .	18	1
Harry took it .	2	1
Although disability is not contagious , interest in disabled sports might put into question the masculinity of the males following it .	3	2
This is in also line with Recital ( 7 ) of the Pericles Decision .	4	2
Will definitely go back when I need medical care .	1	1
I sat in the shadow in my living room for a while , looking at the amorphous mass of the blanket I had been crocheting .	20	2
would it help getting an aquarium cage or a plastic see through box so it ca nt escape i can buy it a wheel	9	1
Cleanest guesthouse i have been to	2	4
Winston Peters is visiting a school .	5	2
The doctor , a woman I do n’t know , is sitting in the other chair .	14	1
In addition , XML defined structures are unambiguous ; that is , they are self-describing and platform-independent .	8	0
We oppose the use of sacred texts and religious traditions to deny legal equity to same - gender couples .	12	1
This document , called " Power Problems of a Revolutionary Government , " went back-and-forth , according to Mr Copeland , " between English and Arabic until a final version was produced .	24	1
The first case is of the mayor Luca Pastorino that in last years received several refusals of his requests for payment because of the religious nursery school and retirement home .	3	6
Yes , I will attend in person _______	4	2
But the arrogant person is usually more than happy to show their cruel side to those that they do n't like .	11	3
You can select two or more custom groups to create a higher-level grouping .	12	2
She has always been there for Gracee even for last minute calls !	12	0
YES I am sure , well , she says , is that ON 17th STREET .	7	5
Asad Ansari , 21 , Mississauga ;	2	0
Let aggressive ( American ) leaders and soldiers know that we are capable of protecting the city 's security and safety , and ask them to lift their hands from the city . "	1	1
I do think some Y!A users need to work on their reading comprehension as I ca n't comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse .	26	1
Scheduled appointment for 8:30 Monday morning .	0	2
The cool breezes from the Gulf of Mexico drift into Mérida in the evenings and this is when many of the residents spend their time outdoors .	10	2
And without that it is extremely difficult to guard against clerical errors in this climate .	4	6
I have been extremely pleased with the signs and pop - up banners she has supplied to me over the years - a truly first class family business run by Tina and her husband Chris .	25	2
It clearly gives the Admin a very strong upper hand to control who when and where direct access can occur without having to say that they oppose direct access .	21	1
You know , I 've lived in the Dallas / Fort Worth Metroplex most of my life .	8	2
We got into talk , and by-and-by we strolled away from the hissing ruins . Then he asked me to his room , which was in the main building of the station .	23	1
And the Moldovan airline used to transport the shipment was blasted by the UN in 2003 for smuggling arms to Liberia , human rights group Amnesty has discovered .	5	1
Japan protested , to no avail , that the project should be a joint one .	4	1
We have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose .	2	2
10 - Number of days that the Pentagon spent investigating a soldier who had called the President " a joke " in a letter to the editor of a Newspaper .	4	2
We have already received firm commitments from 3 companies .	3	2
Method 1 of 2 : From Seeds	5	1
so i m a little confused , why is there two statues of David ?	2	4
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page , we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers .	14	2
The 30th anniversary of the first shuttle mission coincided with the 50th anniversary of the first manned space flight when Yuri Gagarin lifted off aboard Vostok 1 into space .	21	2
We will have to study several indicators , which will enable us to see the current state of regional societies that are in a worse situation than others , and how they are evolving .	28	0
The authentic text is ' under certain conditions ' .	6	1
If some of John Kerry 's wounds were superficial , Bush received no wounds .	6	2
Sunni Iraqis contend that elections are impossible to hold under occupation .	3	1
Our Price : $ 10.99 to 12.99 PETSMART !	6	1
His impulse was to tear the book out of her hands and run across the station with it .	10	2
In mother 's milk .	3	2
He snatched up Hedwig 's cage , dashed to the window and passed it out to Ron .	5	2
I did not hear back from Shanna or Sharon Butcher .	4	1
Josh Kindig , he 's coming on board , he has some ideas for that too , he wants to take over " aywv " and do more gaming news .	8	0
$ 44 m - Amount the Bush - Cheney 2000 campaign and the Republican National Committee received in contributions from the fossil fuel , chemical , timber , and mining industries .	28	1
She is a creme tabby and I 've had her for over 2 years now .	6	4
He was referred to me by a friend , who did n't have the best experience with Ted , but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end .	36	0
With development of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 9 ( IE9 ) browser almost complete , Microsoft announced on Friday that it is time for IE6 users to move away from the antiquated 10-year-old browser .	11	2
I could n't say no ... so Nicki ( the little girl - 10 yrs. old ) and I waited for the bus .	1	2
I ve had cats for 35 years and the oldest cat I 've ever had was a 23 year old female and she was exceptional .	3	2
It may also be privileged or otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal rules .	3	2
I loved the car so we began negotiating my trade - in and the price of the 09 XF .	4	1
Even if the majority of situations that arise in the workplace can be resolved without conflict .	12	2
Interim Palestinian leader and the front - runner in the upcoming Jan. 9 , 2005 presidential election Mahmoud Abbas talks during his first official campaign speech in the West Bank town of Ramallah , Saturday Dec. 25 , 2004 .	20	1
Even if you buy a cake in a baker s you can not be too what happens in the kitchen , for example the cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham .	16	6
So yes , I would n't hesitate in recommending the team at Just Autos for easy professional car repairs , Thank you Just Autos for your help .	23	2
Do n't go here unless you want to sit , order , eat and be asked to leave all in a matter of 20 minutes .	16	1
In earlier periods the large majority of participants were law enforcement agents , reflecting the priority to establish closer professional ties for a more efficient fight against euro counterfeiting .	11	2
The exact purpose of these megaliths is still debated , but they may have constituted a Canaanite " high place " from the Middle Bronze Age , ca. 1600 B.C.E.	4	2
Aspiring derivatives traders certainly will be more confident of their career prospects .	5	2
All the carriers were speaking together , and in the midst of the uproar the lamentable voice of the chief agent was heard ' giving it up ' tearfully for the twentieth time that day ...	13	2
Do you shoot an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another , always surrounded by children ?	13	0
Readers of the Savage Love advice column selected a new definition for the Senator ’s last name , and Savage created a website SpreadingSantorum.com to promulgate the spread of the phenomenon .	21	2
I seem to be going out , he said to himself .	3	2
To avoid collapse the Russians may be driven into a war with China .	12	2
I believe that offering this right to fork has been a key element of our success thus far .	16	1
this is why hooking your arms through the harness is essential .	2	1
W. Don Germany , Jr PO Box 27 Cedar Lane , Texas 77415-0027	2	2
And , she granted , “ you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different — we can do better — and where she has expressed regret . ”	27	0
Iran is encircled by Afghanistan , by the Gulf States , Iraq and the Moslem republics of the former Soviet Union .	17	2
North of Naples they had bad weather and engine trouble , but they reached their harbor and anchored near two Japanese ships .	15	2
They have minor leaguers at second and short , and Brooks ca n't keep his mind on the game .	17	2
Quaint , lovely , small salon with BIG personality .	1	0
The car concept has got off to a good start .	4	4
I 've already made my XMAS plans .	4	3
A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated : will NBC have its best sports broadcasters following the event after having worked the Winter Olympics ?	7	2
It is estimated that Israel has over 200 nuclear weapons yet neither the US nor any of her allies expresses the slightest concern .	8	1
Gaining recognition as an expert in the field , she took those skills back to the Radium Institute along with a small disc of polonium .	2	1
The program is well established and we have been extremely satisfied with the teachers , the programs and the director .	11	1
High-tech industry began to flourish after World War II , and since that time the growth of Phoenix has been explosive .	16	1
Yet life at Privet Drive had reached an all-time low .	6	4
They 're holding " workshops " on how it will all work soon .	3	0
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .	5	4
Evansville , Indiana , United States -	4	2
Joke-telling is one of the best ways to ease tension , make a new friend , or light up a room .	3	1
Money ca n't buy you happiness ... but it does bring you a more pleasant form of misery .	2	1
A woman walks into an Israeli restaurant in mid-day , eats , observes families with old people and children eating their lunch in the adjacent tables and pays the bill .	9	0
Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revising them as I am sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are .	17	2
In some places , that may mean teaching agricultural extension workers how to make their messages more relevant to female audiences , or encouraging them to visit when women are most likely to be at home .	12	1
This boat has serviced the islands for many years , but does not carry passengers .	5	2
Without a doubt the best place to grab a tall bloody mary and some eggs benedict .	15	2
The real testament is not in how much she likes your animals but how much they like her .	1	1
There is a corporate data sheet for this company , but this entity seems to have been inactive since it 's creation .	14	1
I 'm assuming this was in reference to the January earthquake , do n't worry , it was very deep , so nothing was effected :)	4	6
Write down a list of everything you are packing , in particular if it 's valuable .	10	1
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task ; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business .	26	1
Yes , you must pay customs duties .	1	0
that 's fine , i do n't want to see you either , i just need to make a cd .	9	2
Before coming to Acupuncture DOCTOR I was a big baby about needles and only came because my boyfriend 's aunt recommended it .	22	0
When they are cruel , their friends will usually ignore it or not do anything to stop it since they 're afraid that they 'll be treated badly by their ' friend . '	16	2
This process will continue in accordance with the financial spending guidelines laid down by the EU leaders at their Berlin Summit last year , which were supported by Parliament at its last May plenary part - session .	18	1
About customizing the layout of a PivotTable or PivotChart view	6	2
They 're the grand molecular disassemblers of nature - the soil magicians .	4	1
Turkey and Thailand are mired in political crises that reflect long - simmering domestic conflicts .	7	3
Short of that , avoid this place , as a silver Marriott member , this is a disgrace .	12	2
Anyway , you do n't have a choice on how you get there , unless you happen to own an aeroplane .	7	2
You can also save tables , views , stored procedures , functions , and forms in a Microsoft Access project as a data access page .	3	2
To view total or detail data from the underlying record source , move fields to the detail area .	7	2
As the plant matures , pinch off the top two pairs of leaves once a stalk reaches a reasonable height .	14	2
If ever in Sicily please take the time to visit Anna Maria Jose Mudo and her familia .	4	1
Fort Lee is the first town on the New Jersey side of the bridge .	10	2
That 's 3 x worse than Qwest DSL 's lowest speed offering !	1	6
All I can say is that Elmira you are the best I ve experienced , never before has the seamstress done a perfect job until i met you .	2	2
They wandered here and there with their absurd long staves in their hands , like a lot of faithless pilgrims bewitched inside a rotten fence .	14	1
Quinn tried to imagine what the operators looked like .	5	2
Usually this happens because the developer of the site can no longer afford the cost of bandwidth being used .	9	2
Furthermore , the Vestry voted unanimously to invite the support of members of the CHS congregation for the Declaration .	9	2
Middle-aged Armenians serve drinks and wait on us .	8	0
Now , none of this has been confirmed by Google at the present time , but it 's an old adage that you follow the money to see who is behind something .	17	6
Ideally this group would consist of four to six people from finance , legal , and operations so that we get good cross-functional feedback about our services .?	23	2
I am Lady Kingel and I hail from the United Legit Gaming Guilds of Guild Wars .	9	2
Japan protested , to no avail , that the project should be a joint one .	12	2
is a start tag and is an end tag which together describe an element of data , in this case , the customer 's name .	25	0
Please do not go there if it 's professional , friendly , diligent medical services you 're looking for .	16	4
Scorpio in 2005 - Transmutation	0	2
Unfortunalty my husband and I had to put our 13 year old lab down that morning and we were not expecting this .	12	2
Try the " white rice " option if your rice cooker gives you several options .	3	1
Per my voicemail message , please review the note below .	6	3
I have to mention that i recently separated the father into another cage close to the ' nest cage ' because he and the mother were fighting .	1	4
This shop is by far the best I have been to .	5	2
Synergies between this Directive and the existing Community instruments should contribute to increasing their respective impacts and building coherent requirements for manufacturers to apply .	23	2
** and i can upload my pictures and videos on the computer ( facebook )	3	2
The rapporteur is asking for a threshold of 50 to 30 ppm , which would also involve excessive cost without appreciable benefit .	9	1
Does free speech protect you when you shout " fire " in a crowded theater ?	3	2
At best it is naive and at worst it would yet again let the shooting lobby off the hook .	13	2
Sunlight streaming in through a high window opposite her lit up the fine hairs on her arm , the embroidered flowers on the collar of her white shirt .	2	1
This map shows the location of the Ross Ice Shelf in the Antarctic , and the two known localities for E. andrillae relative to McMurdo Station	18	2
With each breath , feel the muscles in your body becoming lighter and lighter , and also your external motor and sensory organs are feeling like they are withdrawing from the world into a special inner quietness .	23	4
She was just down here too .	1	6
When the war ended he came to Israel via Cyprus , joined Kibbutz Sdot Yam , married , and had two children .	19	4
I told him I told you to call him back and at least hear what he has to say .	10	1
Attached is a forecast for the rest of the summer for the X ( NWP and PGT ) .	14	2
Consequently , I feel we must look to the future and establish guidelines for the mid - term review in 2003 , and thus have an influence on the second phase of programming set to follow 2003 .	35	2
The Board of Muslim clerics in Fallujah , 50 km west of Baghdad , " condemned the assassination and promised immediate revenge against the coalition soldiers in Iraq . "	23	2
The first night I dreamed of seeing a stray dog and not stopping to pick it up although it was wandering in an empty parking lot near a busy road .	3	4
After recently relocating to South Bend , we were looking for a delicious , fun , yet elegant establishment for New Year s Eve dinner .	16	1
Exile is environmentally conscious and involved heavily in our community .	8	3
The Hatfill theory -- to include ongoing interviews and ongoing 7 / 24 surveillance by 8 surveillance specialists -- is now the subject of pending civil rights and libel claims of uncertain merit .	2	2
They did nt take x - rays they offered them but i just could nt afford any more treatment .	18	2
It was so successful that the military continued to use it for many years after the war , and it was still in use in some countries in the 1980s .	29	2
It is Oct. 6 , and not one family member has been located .	2	2
Napoleon was confident that the clear success of Austerlitz could lead to a general peace treaty , but his hopes were soon dashed : the new British Prime Minister Lord Grenville refused any agreement , and so did Tsar Alexander .	2	1
You will not be disappointed with her work !!	7	2
So far what they have done together has been good for us and that ’s how we would like to keep it ’’ , says Karzai .	10	1
it s for a craft project ..... i want to use it the way u would use icing ....	6	0
Flipped the square over and saw it riddled with green mold !!!!	4	1
WHY : Today is John 's last day at EBS .	9	2
I took him to the Animal Hospital and they ran blood work and everything came back normal .	15	1
Never before has such a convenient method been available for consuming nutritional products .	5	1
Have both of the teams turn around and have the referee throw it into the grass or pitch while the teams are n't looking .	17	2
You can find all sorts of fresh food and get a really delicious , fresh sashimi / sushi lunch upstairs .	5	1
If the password you entered is not strong enough , you may want to try mixing uppercase and lowercase letters or making your password longer .	3	2
Mr Weasley liked Harry to sit next to him at the dinner table so that he could bombard him with questions about life with Muggles , asking him to explain how things like plugs and the postal service worked .	13	1
Get your own subscribers .	1	1
Above all , we need a total absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three circles of evil .	21	0
This is car number 3 we 've purchased through them .	1	6
You 're driving too far west , Fred , he added , pointing at a compass on the dashboard .	8	0
The prestigious IAEA ( International Atomic Energy Agency ) published an early report on Chernobyl which was based on information from Russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects .	28	1
That had simply been a method , a way of trying to predict what would happen .	4	2
You 'll be making radical changes in your work habits , but you 'll be a lot happier for it , and in the end you 'll know it was worth it .	24	2
It has a population of about 750,000 , and is the largest city in the Yucatán Peninsula .	8	1
And that flow , that flow of life , from the very base up to the very top , is the flow that ecologists see .	10	2
French women are the ones to say yes , the way we say it is not usually as straigthforward as you propose to do .	3	2
Restored my faith in Mechaincs .	2	2
No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked	11	1
He lathered his face , took out a clean blade , and started scraping off his beard .	15	4
Flipped the square over and saw it riddled with green mold !!!!	6	5
I typically have work done on my Jeep at the dealership , but it is 6 years old now and getting charged dealership prices just did n't seem cost effective anymore .	1	1
It is now threatening to pull out of the Allawi caretaker government .	11	2
The invasion of Iraq provided marvelous political cover for the GOP not only during those midterms , but during the 2004 Presidential election .	9	2
I really want to go to andiamo s for my birthday and i was just wondering how much it would cost for the four of us to eat there	21	1
I still remember him stuttering about " the General , " unable to remember Musharraf 's name .	9	0
They sit by the gates asking alms , then whine avoidance of them &amp; horror .	14	2
If you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .	37	4
( 2 ) Everyone , without any discrimination , has the right to equal pay for equal work .	9	6
This will paste a copy of the letter into the notepad so that you will add your name to the list .	3	2
Winter defied his own board and Gov. Gray Davis when he filed a 50 - page request to remove the caps , records and interviews show .	19	2
NZers : Have you decided who you 're going to vote for ?	8	1
Over two hours later ( and ten minutes before they closed ) my car was finally finished .	9	4
In order to determine the appropriate level of oversight , government bodies would presumably conduct a science - based risk analysis .	18	2
Save your new notepad file as a text file .	1	2
" I can go as far as twenty-five . "	8	0
Two Judges shall be appointed to the Court of Justice and two Judges shall be appointed to the General Court .	4	2
The novel concerns Lucien De Rubempré , a young poet trying to make a name for himself , who becomes trapped in the morass of society 's darkest contradictions .	2	6
1 ) When you get the bird , place him or her or them in the cage .	1	0
Do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to Hirsohima & Nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in Chernobyl .......	30	2
If all goes well , the following day will be the fourth .	4	0
In ’72 or ’73 , if you were a pilot , active or Guard , and you had an obligation and wanted to get out , no problem .	24	1
We called our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it taken care of .	7	5
My oldest female and youngest male do this - I just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like chicken liver ( cooked ) for the anemic one , some arthritis stuff for the oldest .	18	1
During the session , he demanded to have my physical address , which I 've always kept private as I am enrolled in a witness protection program .	27	0
I have faxed to you the form of Bond , our proposed Bond provisions and the EEI Master .	12	2
Parliament agreed to urgent procedure for 22 March	3	1
With regard to criminal sanctions , the Commission has published two reports [ 5 ] on the implementation of the above-mentioned Framework Decision , which show a satisfactory level of implementation .	1	2
Facebook is a free site and will never require that you pay to continue using the site .	12	1
Balzac worked these scenes from his boyhood - as he did many aspects of his life and the lives of those around him - into La Comédie Humaine .	28	0
Put the leash on the dog and just walk around the crate a few times .	6	1
Funny how some things are squirelled away by well - meaning prosecutors ...	9	0
Yes , I am traveling quite a bit .	0	1
" The US will work its way through the loss of a city and we are making progress after seven short days .	19	1
Jeff -	1	0
By return email , please verify that you received this message and let us know if there is another email address that you prefer us to use .	3	0
How about the lines to the check - in counters in a busy travel period ?	2	2
Ask her about the handsome young man from Texas , and she remembers him 32 years later like it was yesterday .	16	1
The discovery of a number of ' bugs ' within the AS400 Merchanting code , arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality , which compounded the operational burden of supporting the OBSF .	4	2
Moreover , seeing someone perform on the internet takes away the use of our senses , originality and imagination that reading and thinking about magic can produce .	27	0
Slice Pizza at former Britt 's Location	0	2
Scholars are not certain when each of the 154 sonnets was composed , but evidence suggests that Shakespeare wrote sonnets throughout his career for a private readership .	14	2
you do n't know what that means ?	4	1
( 18 ) For the assessment of voluntary agreements or other self-regulation measures presented as alternatives to implementing measures , information on at least the following issues should be available :	3	1
An Iraq in which armed fundamentalist and nationalist militias proliferate is inevitably a security worry for Israel .	13	2
The sun was fierce , the land seemed to glisten and drip with steam .	2	6
he wo nt even try to bite .	0	5
Of the total 56 projects , 41 originate at the competent authorities of Member States , while 15 are an initiative of the Commission / OLAF .	2	1
With this , in theory , you are able to access your money whenever you like .	2	0
Dr. Fortier travelled another three kilometres by foot to seek help in the nearest settlement .	2	4
The beverage was inspired by the santorum neologism coined in advice columnist Dan Savage 's column Savage Love in response to comments made by former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum about homosexuality ;	8	2
As the car rattled through the park toward the West Side , Quinn looked out the window and wondered if these were the same trees that Peter Stillman saw when he walked out into the air and the light .	0	1
A community of about twenty thousand people had traffic jams worthy of Rome , cars as a matter of course rushing into the reserved bus lanes , screwing everything up and honking madly .	29	1
Another thing non-locals do n't often realize is that Cleveland 's long history of industrial wealth has left it chock full of cultural riches as well as the beginnings of a " sustainable city ' movement .	25	1
plus we can be outside watching it .	5	1
Email : " engin i. erdem " < erdemen...@gmail.com >	8	0
The mysterious RAPHAEL Holinshed was named for the mysterious Neoplatonic Italian painter RAPHAEL Sanzio who painted _ St. George Fighting the Dragon _ ( 1504 - 06 )	18	2
" The book -- I guess one way , one thing to think about it is -- one of the themes would be , I was given a charge to keep .	18	1
Quinn turned his attention to the young woman on his right , to see if there was any reading material in that direction .	11	0
Remember , at the beginning they burn his books of chivalry , but that has no effect .	13	2
The Board of Muslim clerics in Fallujah , 50 km west of Baghdad , " condemned the assassination and promised immediate revenge against the coalition soldiers in Iraq . "	13	0
Have you sent this to congress yet ?	6	1
We are now suffering from the consequences of our rape of the environment , our rejection of the natural for the industrial , and our embrace of violence over peace .	15	2
ps I may have to come back to work for a 615 call	10	2
i also think the National Endowment for the Arts is a waste , but i guess i would rather see my money go to the NEA than NASA .	3	2
A furry black band of ants led up a cupboard door to some scrap that had flicked from a plate .	7	1
Notwithstanding this , public procurement procedures initiated after accession shall be carried out in accordance with the relevant Union provisions .	20	0
Fired us up for the actual Paralympics .	6	2
You understand it was a Continental concern , that Trading society ; but I have a lot of relations living on the Continent , because it 's cheap and not so nasty as it looks , they say .	23	0
At first , it looked as though Uncle Vernon would manage to gloss the whole thing over ( Just our nephew – very disturbed meeting strangers upsets him , so we kept him upstairs )	27	5
This is my share in the advantages my country shall reap from the possession of such a magnificent dependency .	16	2
WHAT : Copies of the filed complaint will be made available at that time .	0	1
I do n't like to write to him – with those messengers of ours you never know who may get hold of your letter – at that Central Station .	18	2
I do n't hear from you in months and then you level me with such a thought provoking , soul searching article .	6	1
Let 's talk before I leave town next Wednesday .	2	2
Now that Michelle is in your fold , do you want to reconsider her being the contact person with AAA on this ?	22	0
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to freedom of movement and residence within the borders of each State .	13	1
I am thinking here , amongst other things , of issues such as the law on abortion .	5	1
Pin # for Paul Kaufman ONLY : 362416	2	1
When I got to the job and tried to insert the new piece of metal IT WOULD NOT FIT !!	9	2
I highly recommend this dealership if you would not like to hassle on price and receive friendly service .	1	1
This means that when you move a series or category field to the filter area and back , previously hidden items are again hidden .	4	1
taking the A levels , said Wentz , innocently .	0	2
It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms , a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war .	33	1
Give me my friends ' letters !	6	0
It sounds like your dog may benefit from being hospitalized , and put on IV fluids to help his hydration , administer the antibiotics IV , and to ensure that he starts to recover .	5	2
I hope you do n't mind , but I 've taken liberty to turn them into a web photo album at http://24.27.98.30/pictures/08-05_Garrett_Gayle_Bday .	3	4
I am going to try and study aboard but idk where I can go I can not decide where do you think would be the best place to go ?	27	1
I also believe that the regional authorities are not all in a position to establish contacts with the Commission .	13	1
Her reason is that it provides insufficient protection to American workers whose jobs and living standards it might harm .	16	5
The terms of office of the newly appointed members shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office at the time of accession .	2	1
If you want to stay with friends or family in Cuba you have to go with your intended host within two days after arrival to a migration office and pay 40 CUC for a 30 days family visa .	0	1
Harry knew he should n't have risen to Dudley 's bait , but Dudley had said the very thing Harry had been thinking himself maybe he did n't have any friends at Hogwarts	1	4
If you are interested in attending please e-mail me as soon as possible .	12	1
It was Joseph Goebbels who said that if you repeat a lie often enough , people will believe it .	19	0
All of this started after their oil change .	4	1
In the sixth floor music room , deep circular niches are found in the walls , having not only aesthetic value , but also acoustic .	14	2
I have never been to any of these places so any suggestions and or advice would be most welcome .	18	1
Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources i ve been looking at ?	29	2
I was n't interested in making either of these sacrifices , as I think the world 's how to manual needs to be high quality AND comprehensive .	23	1
It is friendlier to Amin than to Rabin .	0	1
It made Quinn think of an archeologist inspecting a shard at some prehistoric ruin .	3	2
This was nothing like New York style pizza !!!.	1	6
The city 's name reflects its history as a city " reborn from the ashes " of the previous settlement .	14	2
9 work days	2	2
I left in a French steamer , and she called in every blamed port they have out there , for , as far as I could see , the sole purpose of landing soldiers and custom-house officers .	2	1
Otherwise we will find ourselves forced to take more serious decisions as regards our trading relations with Israel .	18	0
When you press the button to stop recording the data is moved from the buffer to the memory card - no pause .	2	4
Believe it or not , but the channel guide has been most helpful to my family members that visit and do n't know where to start when it comes to watching satellite tv .	21	1
I was involved in a car accident 20 years ago and since then I 've been a nervous wreck and have n't been behind the wheel .	3	1
I 've also sent over a number of friends to use the services here and everyone is extraordinarily pleased !	13	1
The customer service at Home Delivery Service was terrible let alone their promise to proper set up furniture .	16	1
They are hoping he 'll only be in the hospital 48 hours .	4	2
Hold the chicken down on a flat surface .	2	2
" I 'm pretty suspicious of making broad generalizations , " however , he cautioned .	14	4
maybe a back brase will help , sometimes my back really gets to me and i 've thought about getting one .	19	1
12 . Remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in Section 6.1 .	6	1
You who watch as budgets are cut in education and health care while you militarize a police force ?	14	4
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand , i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube .	0	1
" Large as Balzac is , he is all of one piece and he hangs perfectly together .	15	1
She smelled like honey that has been kept a while in a dark room , a little fermented .	9	2
All those sunny reports about the progress in Vietnam were correct , the Communists WERE being defeated .	5	2
By Jove ! I 've never seen anything so unreal in my life .	12	2
It made me feel good to see people work so hard to take care of others belongings .	2	4
The result , then , is hardly the cat 's pyjamas .	4	0
This means that they have not benefited from the uplift that the fall in sterling has given to overseas assets .	11	2
Wonderful staff and physician .	3	2
I love a challenge , and saving the Earth is probably a good one .	1	6
I was looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an opportunity to buy back the calls you sold .	13	2
The food 's okay , but the price is outrageous .	6	2
The boy gasped , but then the yoyo stopped , dangling at the end of the line .	7	2
I know that it must have special properties .	8	0
It 's this sort of enlightened self interest that keeps large open source projects alive .	0	5
Roly was a bachelor and his house was the particular mixture of tranquil luxury and unchangeable dreariness that is a condition of households where white men live indulged in the sole charge of black male servants .	20	2
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task ; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business .	17	2
( Please visit our newly updated website www.caem.org for more information on the DISCO Forum . )	5	2
NOW , THEREFORE , we do hereby Order and Direct Major-General Scott , the Command-in-Chief of our Armies , immediately upon receipt of this , our Decree , to proceed with a suitable force and clear the Halls of Congress .	12	0
" Why are you so kind to me ? " Dostoevski asks .	7	4
We continue to depend on this same virtuous cycle : More readers , means more editors , which creates better instructions , leading again to more readers .	11	2
Many of Balzac 's works have been made into or have inspired films , and they are a continuing source of inspiration for writers , filmmakers and critics .	16	5
These are two areas of action which I invite the Commissioner to set up and in which I would ask him to involve us .	17	3
Though '' decided '' is probably not the right word , since from the day they were born , these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders .	29	5
Of all Freemason sponsered revolutions : American , French , Bolivar , etc . . . Garibaldi 's is the most blatantly Masonic :	9	0
His textbook Morphology : The Descriptive Analysis of Words was one of the major works of American Structuralism .	12	2
" Will you eat some of my kosher food instead , as a favor ? "	2	1
shorts are primarily worn by laborers and schoolchildren .	7	2
It aims to take the journey time into account after deducting this from the working hours actually completed , without being able to measure the real journey time .	11	2
Four guys around a large square open hibachi cook your food , and when it 's finished a server brings it to your table .	15	6
The problem of mollifying the Sunnis , though , has to be solved to avoid giving al - Qaeda an entrée .	1	2
Also , if you remove a field and later add the field back to the layout , the same items are again hidden .	21	1
When their precious cartoons are released I highly doubt it will look like the end of the world .	8	4
With a roar , the fire turned emerald green and rose higher than Fred , who stepped right into it , shouted , Diagon Alley ! and vanished .	0	1
I also want to express my disagreement on the support given to the American law on Hong-Kong .	5	3
With a Pizza Hut , IHOP , 3 Starbucks , Chili s , Panera , and Chipotle on campus ALONE , VCU has some of the best eating options for students .	3	2
Voting has , in the vernacular of terror , become the new soft target .	13	2
Whereas , trying to translate and grapple with wordy meanings is an intellectual mechanism - an analytical process .	6	2
The poster wrote that " Prompted I think by the Tom Cruise video , a new obsession is taking hold on the internet .	7	4
They estimated by 2050 , increasing population and changing diet would increase world food needs by 50 percent .	2	1
So , at least , Navrozov thinks .	7	0
You could stay in a city & get a bus tour to say the Cliffs of Moher or Dingle peninsula but you will be with all the other tourists .	24	1
The Commission has already established a number of actions to help them .	2	6
People love to buy these cute cuddly little animals for gifts and collectables .	12	2
wood can vary from cork wood or balsa wood , or press - board , or plywood , and pre-cut 2 by 4 or slats , you can check home depot or hardware shops for larger pieces ,	10	1
So that comment is completely false .	2	2
If this is a solo jump , which constitutes the minority of skydivers , your only recourse is to ensure that at least one of your own chutes opens .	7	1
I 'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY .	9	1
And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka .	24	2
It was hot there too ; big flies buzzed fiendishly , and did not sting , but stabbed .	10	0
Your camera is n't acting normally , you got warranty , let Canon deal with it .	5	1
Iran is suspected by many nations of working towards the development of nuclear weapons , but even this justification has been tossed into a cocked hat .	25	2
Would that not be better than total harmonization , which is fundamentally a commercial rule aimed at promoting commercial interests , not food quality ?	4	2
Hearing is a dog ’s secondary sense , and I will discuss that in another blog entery .	12	2
I have also looked at the photo galleries for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants and I have narrowed it down to three establishments .	4	1
What you do n’t want to wash with them is anything that can get twisted up with the straps , like women ’s long sleeve shirts or kids ’ blankets .	24	2
Large funnel or strainer to hold filter	0	1
Venetia had had a first in Greek , herself , only a year ago , and could laugh over the mistakes .	7	0
Any GCP adjustments will be highlighted in red .	0	1
The real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in B2B marketplaces .?	23	2
Turn the water temp up to 82 degrees	6	1
The results of the Australian National Iodine Nutrition Study published in the Medical Journal of Australia this week , revealed that children in mainland Australia are borderline iodine deficient .	25	4
However , despite their child 's severe illness , and her lack of improvement , the Sams continued to shun conventional medical treatment , instead seeking help from other homeopaths and naturopaths .	14	0
I trust that they will give us better love than they are getting from us , for ours is a very low-quality upward-seeping vegetable-sap sort of love , as short-lived as it is spontaneous .	29	1
I am going to give it one last chance in next few months and see ??	5	5
Well , they 've been clamouring away , of course , but he 's refused to touch the army .	6	1
Tears lurked mysteriously behind his eyes , and his voice seemed to tremble as he spoke , but somehow he managed to hold his own .	6	0
In the foreground , facing the magazine rack , a young student stood with an open magazine in his hands , staring at a picture of a naked woman .	4	2
All he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered Communist forces .	8	2
Joseph Manogue at Tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the draft ISDA doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original .	9	2
" Christianity , and especially Catholicism , being a complete repression of man 's depraved tendencies , is the greatest element in Social Order . "	22	1
When the passengers climbed aboard again , their clothes felt hairy and the plane was airless .	3	4
I do n't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it 's getting to be an issue .	16	6
10 % conversion rate from visits originating from Facebook Adverts .	1	0
“ Nonetheless , ” the traveler said , and she walked out .	10	4
Mr President , with your permission I should like to begin by expressing my admiration for the way in which you executed the quick changeover of the chairmanship just now during the debate .	9	1
Addressing the OAS , Amin had provoked laughter and applause among the delegates by saying that the hostages were as comfortable as they could be in the circumstances surrounded by explosives .	30	2
Perhaps to remain a poet in such circumstances is also to reach the heart of politics .	14	1
He seemed to understand how important it was for us to make sure the whole house was sprayed so he took his time .	23	0
Many students went to Rutgers , including their top - ranked pharmacy program .	6	1
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]	17	2
I 'll believe it when I see it .	3	5
In the 1960s and 1970s , many 19th century neoclassical buildings , often small and private , were demolished to make way for office buildings , often designed by great Greek architects .	9	1
The next day , two of Hathaway 's neighbours posted bonds guaranteeing that no lawful claims impeded the marriage .	19	0
The origin of the word Hispania is much disputed and the evidence for the various speculations are based merely upon what are at best mere resemblances , likely to be accidental , and suspect supporting evidence .	8	2
What do the new al - Qaeda videotape and audio speeches of Bin Laden and Ayman al - Zawahiri tell us about the hopes of the remaining top leadership of the organization ?	4	2
Joint motion for a resolution on the crisis in the pigmeat sector	11	2
They arrived in the French capital on 20 May , his fifty - first birthday .	10	1
The Iguazu Falls are easily accessible and , dependent on your time restrictions and budget , you can get to the area by either bus or plane .	12	2
This means that messages initiated at Corp and intended for the entire Enron organization will not reach any business units outside the Corp domain .	2	1
The American - Arab Discrimination Committee is suing Condoleeza Rice and Donald Rumsfeld , charging that they mismanaged the evacuation efforts .	13	0
can anyone give me information about them ?	6	4
Quinn flapped the red notebook nervously against his right thigh , stood on his tiptoes , and peered into the throng .	17	4
We trust and appreciate Scott Larson and know that he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs !	15	1
Ladies ,	1	0
But that was the work of memory , and remembered things , he knew , had a tendency to subvert the things remembered .	7	0
We must now believe that the same romantic conviction has been alive somewhere in the offices of J Walter Thompson .	19	2
Seagal , whose grandmother was from Vladivostok in Russia 's far east , has made frequent trips to Russia in recent years and visited Kamchatka and Sakhalin in September .	19	1
I live nearly two hours away and yet I will still make the drive to see them !	6	1
If you think any other pertinent information could be included , please feel free to add it .	8	2
John Staikos Direct Dial :? 203.961.7523 Direct Fax :? 203.674.7723 E-mail :? johnstaikos@paulhastings.com	2	1
The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .	2	1
In Agra I 've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended , they found it in the Rough Guide .	17	2
You 'll find the ultimate power is the ability to choose your own destiny .	3	2
When they are just jumping at each other and their tails are wagging that means that they are playing .	15	1
That changed on September 22 when President George W. Bush , Musharraf and Karzai held a three way meeting in New York on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly .	21	2
$ 6.1 m - Amount the EPA historically valued each human life when conducting economic analyses of proposed regulations .	18	2
I have heard that the pipefitters have established a picket line at the Payne Creek site today .	3	1
In Jakov Lind 's interesting brief book on Israel , Ben-Gurion is quoted as saying , " The Jews know hardly anything of a hell that might await them .	20	1
I live 10 minutes from Cycle City , but I Drove 50 mile south to Peachstate Powersports in LaGrange , dealt with the owner , Levi , and was well taken care of .	16	2
As such , the Game of Thrones storyworld represents a remarkably rich and challenging environment for fans old and new , who must negotiate an increasingly complex network of paratexts and intertexts in order to fully engage with its narratives .	22	2
i wo nt go back !	2	1
Very Impressed .	0	1
If you have any questions , please request clarification prior to rating the answer .	14	0
not until the plane had come to a stop on the runway , and they were waiting for the health inspector to come aboard .	20	2
To what do I owe this small pleasure ?	3	4
He could be killed years ago and the israelians have all the reasons , since he founded and he is the spiritual leader of Hamas , but they did n't .	19	6
From your point of view , as it luckily lasted less than two generations . Was n't it worth it ?	4	2
nevertheless , in this event these coping strategies may assist .	0	1
They consider modernity as their enemy , but then they have two problems .	4	3
You will notice that Questar has requested a " Payment Plan " that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events .	6	2
Wikinews interviews meteorological experts on Cyclone Phalin	4	1
Nearly 30,000 people packed the streets of San Francisco to pay him homage at his funeral .	9	1
The summer there is much more mild than most of the US ( are you coming from the US ? ) .	13	4
I guess you get what you pay for .	3	4
Called to check if they had a product I 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .	6	2
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum	3	2
The current system tends to reinforce gender roles , encouraging children to follow culturally framed paths , instead of nurturing their individual interests and potential .	23	1
The report put forward today re-establishes its place in the political sphere .	12	0
I will see you in the lobby at 7 am .	9	2
When the pointer changes to a double-headed arrow , you can drag the line to a new location .	14	1
His father Mohamed El-Hassan Mohamed said he was taking his entire family to the U.N. headquarters in New York , because international dignitaries wanted to meet with his son and express their support .	16	1
impressive truly impressive	0	1
The correction to the working gas includes TWO corrections .	2	1
Hamas has become rather unpopular in Gaza , as many see the Israeli air strikes as a response towards the rocket attacks upon Israeli soil .	18	1
My Group will therefore support the common position and looks forward to the enactment of the legislation which will provide us with yet another tool in our fight to make transport in the European Union as safe as possible .	13	2
The old man had become part of the city .	9	0
Now feed the one in the breeding tank as much bloodworms , blackworms and / or earthworms as it can eat for 3 - 5 days .	20	2
okay , I do nt have a review , but why in the hell would you name your business something that has the initials KKK .... is there something behind the scenes at this place ?	14	2
Users can interact with the component in design mode in that application only ( not in the browser or in other applications ) .	3	1
I presume you need the Pakistan base for rescue operations in case anything went wrong .	11	2
If we are to get a common transport market genuinely up and running , it is important that we should not only have regulations but that these regulations should also , as far as possible , apply to every country .	22	2
Holland & Hart , LLP ; # 432785 dated 4/14/00	1	1
The process of increasing safety margins and safety guarantees in transport is a process which must be improved day by day .	15	5
Whereas it is essential , if man is not to be compelled to have recourse , as a last resort , to rebellion against tyranny and oppression , that human rights should be protected by the rule of law ;	1	3
These changes , while significant , were concentrated in the elite , and for the vast majority of the population life was little changed from the Middle Ages .	0	2
But while the ( otherwise perishable ) thoughts are still fresh in my mind from the hearings on Monday and Tuesday , I wanted to throw out some observations for discussion in the days / weeks ahead .	32	2
i have tried " braining " both live and dead pinkies , and bloodying them up to get his attention , but he does n't care .	12	1
I said I was going to trash it also and could I at least have a credit .	11	4
how can you get wifi anywhere 24 / 7 on your apple ipod 8 gb ?	3	2
or is he Not your type ?	4	2
Many lives are wasted every year because of the depredations of the people-smugglers .	10	1
However , they were intercepted and had to do battle in Freeman , close to the Hudson River .	7	1
I was on my way to my wedding fearing death , basically . "	7	2
Both my grandparents looked as natural as could be expected .	4	1
The crane accident comes just ten days before the beginning of the Hajj , the annual pilgrimage to Mecca , Islam 's holiest site .	18	2
This chef knows what he is doing .	2	6
Abby Freeman is our good friend who has non-Hodgkin lymphoma , and she needs your help !	3	3
Just treat everyone else as you would want to be treated , and you 'll be fine .	4	1
That 's what I call customer service !	5	2
following up on our discussion yesterday ; for these types of deals , i do nt think it s necessary to have all the documentation of our counterparty 's authorization to enter into the agreement .	34	2
First of if i went alone on a regular cabin how much would you estimate it would be just a guess .	21	0
He wrote them in a stylised language that does not always spring naturally from the needs of the characters or the drama .	6	2
It is close to bus lines for Opera Plaza , Galleries Lafayette , and the famous flea Market .	5	2
Their so called mechanic said the engine was good and " There is nothing mechanicly wrong with this truck " .	13	2
Wire cages are NOT acceptable for dwarfs really , unless the bars have less than half a cm between them .	12	4
Kayani is well known and liked in Kabul as during the last year he led the Pakistani delegation in the tripartite military meetings with the Afghan and US military on issues related to border issues .	8	1
I finally alerted him to his rudeness .	6	2
For most people , receiving compliments is only fun up to a point — getting more than one or two can make someone feel embarrassed and self-conscious .	27	0
( I kind of see him to be for animal rights theory as Peter Singer is to the theory of utilitarianism applied to non-human animals ) .	5	5
In Texas , BP shut its 460,000 barrels per day refinery and Marathon shut its 72,000 bpd plant .	16	2
" Terry said he made that filing in the interest of Californians , but I find that argument has no basis in fact . ''	6	2
All the carriers were speaking together , and in the midst of the uproar the lamentable voice of the chief agent was heard ' giving it up ' tearfully for the twentieth time that day ...	1	2
Introduces the word gambit .	0	6
However if there is a high level of sodium chloride ( common salt ) that can break down the chorion ( shell ) around the egg and allow critters to get in and eat the yoke and embryo . )	7	1
It might have been connected with the philanthropic desire of giving the criminals something to do .	13	2
( This is a kind of " wind " of interstellar dust , caused by the fact that our solar system is moving with respect to the local interstellar medium . )	15	2
The true absurdity of the entire situation is easily appreciated when we consider that George W. Bush never showed any bravery at all at any point in his life .	12	4
Whilst peak traffic hour can be a bit smoggy on the main roads , on most sunny days the skies are azure blue .	19	2
The blog aims to help address " a gap between scientists and ' the general public ' . "	3	1
if the trouble goes away with the modem off , then make sure that EVERYTHING EXCEPT the modem is filtered , this would include the alarm system , fax machine , satellite boxes , phones , etc ...	17	2
It 's all ours !	1	6
As described in US News , a former reporter from the Kabul Times actually may have met Sufaat , without realizing it , while traveling near Kabul in October 2001 , perceiving him as Filipino .	12	2
They talk down to you like they are supreme beings , if you hate your job so much then quit !!	9	2
I 'm American and I am going to the UK for the first time , what should I expect ?	14	0
Put guards in front of every concert hall and there will always be a line of people to be checked by the guards and this line will be the target , not to speak of killing the guards themselves .	27	2
Weiss was honored with the literature prizes from the cities of Cologne and Bremen .	1	6
Joke .	1	0
On the means of delivery , I am not sure from your note whether or not I fully understand the intent .	11	2
Hang on – this has n't got anything to do with Vol – sorry – with You Know Who , has it ?	15	1
When was the Santorum cocktail first created ?	0	1
We have received intelligence that a Hover Charm was used at your place of residence this evening at twelve minutes past nine .	13	1
It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name .	6	2
Good point , but I 'm comfortable we 're covered because our bidders were all bidding on a chunk of capacity and primary points .	14	1
Try to be playful and even slightly sarcastic as you respond to the statements of the person you 're talking to .	10	4
The prosecution was charging he was a rogue using his contacts from former service in both CIA and the ' Office of Naval Intelligence ' .	15	1
Ali Qapu Palace	0	2
I really do belive he left the nail out becuse of the horse s Hoof condition and It s a added bonus he would get to see her again	22	5
If his Democrat opponent were to be elected , he assured that she would be ' under investigation for years ' .	20	0
I would look for hours at South America , or Africa , or Australia , and lose myself in all the glories of exploration .	3	1
If you were born elsewhere , start here .	6	2
Parmesan has spent much of her career studying the checkerspot butterfly , which migrates between Mexico and southern California .	17	1
Holly - the owner , knows exactly how to make you feel beautiful in clothes .	0	2
In Brazil , a television program on the role that folic - acid supplementation could play in the prevention of spina bifida ( a congenital neural tube defect ) immediately grabbed politicians ' attention .	9	1
As I recall , Montavano , Shapiro and I usually make up one team , but I 'm willing to switch around a bit .	19	1
Pan-democrat Gary Fan of the Neo Democrats failed to get re-elected in this constituency , and resigned from his leadership in his party due to its election defeat .	16	4
He is now losing the cheek muscle on the left side of his face and seems to be dropping weight by the day .	8	2
Allawi 's aged cousin and the man 's wife and daughter - in - law were abducted and guerrillas threaten to behead them if the Fallujah compaign is not stopped .	30	0
It ’s limitless , and you ’ll see that the GNP of Israel is very close to the Saudis ’ .	18	2
I have to mention that i recently separated the father into another cage close to the ' nest cage ' because he and the mother were fighting .	16	0
70 m - Estimated number of Americans who describe themselves as Evangelicals who accept Jesus Christ as their personal saviour and who interpret the Bible as the direct word of God .	20	1
My concern is that between now and then Dunn , the AG have the time and resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief , which could be detrimental to generators / marketers ' claims .	29	2
The necessary report functionality should be available within the AS400 , however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical VBA / excel reports outside of the AS400 but using AS400 data downloads .	24	1
Full name of the father is : " Nguyen Thanh Luan " ===> Full name of the son / daughter certainly is " Nguyen .......... " , for instance , " Nguyen Thi Thuy Lan " .	19	2
Emergency teams in the southern US are battling to reach survivors of Hurricane Katrina , the most destructive storm to hit the country in decades .	9	2
In 1928 , a 90 - hectare golf course was built in the north - eastern part of the park , next to the racetrack .	20	0
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .	25	5
She answers all questions asked and provides the best service i have ever seen .	8	2
Once the first bottle has been filtered , wash out the bottle and pour the Skittles vodka back in .	1	2
1 ) what islad of Fiji is a good island that is not TOO far from the main airpart in Fiji .	19	1
So showing the Paralympics live on United States television might turn out to be less glamorous than it appears .	13	2
Call Canon	1	2
Based on how CRRA reacts , I would make an ultimate determination if the agreement needs to be attached to the LOI .	0	2
A Yellowstone wolf was found dead , hit by a car , on a Colorado highway last year , several hundred miles from home .	3	6
I have to say that the baby does not scream after her of anything ... he / she sleeps .	7	6
The desk agent actually argued with me , claiming that no such alarm had gone off ( as if I would make that up ? ) .	3	1
Thanks for sharing this with me .	0	2
This item is a small one and easily missed .	4	1
she knows she is invading someone else 's territory , but ca n't help it , and has no where to go .	7	1
Could you send me a set ?	5	2
Kevin A. Boone Accenture -- Houston Consultant -- Energy ( Octel ) 713.837.1638 ( Client ) 281.848.1619 ( C ) 713.306.7940 ( H ) 713.864.4149 Kevin.A.Boone@accenture.com	3	2
" Or they could use their talents to design , say , real rockets .	7	1
But so was it unlikely that a small group of Arab mujahidin would virtually take over Afghanistan .	7	1
The owner was VERY rude , accused me of not reading my contract , and basically told me to shut up when I was trying to ask questions to further understand the process of canceling my membership .	6	4
this will shall be expressed in periodic and genuine elections which shall be by universal and equal suffrage and shall be held by secret vote or by equivalent free voting procedures .	16	1
US and NATO military officers in Kabul say it is too early to say whether Bush ’s tough message was instrumental in persuading Musharraf and the ISI to pressure the Taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections .	31	1
Sorry , I 'm just very nervous after watching the movie .	4	1
The federal government proactively reports on aggregate performance pay and bonus levels for each department , but the latest web posting is for 2013 - 2014 — or two years out of date .	11	2
Does that work for you ?	2	2
Dr. Fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the Soper River .	16	2
the Pole who had danced the gazatska became the man with whom he gravitated to a quiet corner so that they could talk about the curious grammar-structure of Gala and the Lambala group of languages .	5	2
With the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911 , Mongolia under the Bogd Khaan declared independence .	11	1
At last , panting , they reached the landing , then carried the trunk through Harry 's room to the open window .	18	1
Everyone has the right to an effective remedy by the competent national tribunals for acts violating the fundamental rights granted him by the constitution or by law .	16	2
You end up listening more acutely for the next noise and getting more irritated when it comes .	17	0
Dampen the mixture with water so it 's ready to provide the right environment for the basil seeds to germinate .	14	1
Thus , a decline in the number of farmers could produce no outcome other than poverty and widespread beggary .	1	0
Various things happened .	0	1
But , as the criticism of Clinton as First Lady became more caustic , Karel became more empathetic .	6	2
You hate to see talent get wasted , but honestly I do n't think I could take in a horse right now these issues .	19	2
For one brief instant Quinn thought , So this is what detective work is like . But other than that he thought nothing .	1	2
It was very much a gesture !	6	0
Got the crab rangoon which was great , tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp satay which was also good .	7	0
According to Rathbun the Scientology property in question was returned by mail to the organization by Montalvo shortly after he left the Sea Org .	22	2
I do n't want to wait till month end , let 's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order , let s take that value into June since it relates to July puts .	13	2
Your reply is good and deserves something good in return .	6	2
For obvious reasons , knowing how extremely difficult it is to drive a car in the city , you should probably try to be near the subway system .	15	2
I never got a price quote over the phone and they take your cc info just to make the appointment because if you do n't show up , they 'll charge you .	26	1
Dobby is always having to punish himself for something , sir .	5	2
I was a prospect , an exotic prospect in old tennis shoes and a sweatshirt .	8	1
It had two - three - to - 400 times the toxic loads ever allowed by the EPA .	11	1
Less bleak than the tragedies , these four plays are graver in tone than the comedies of the 1590 s , but they end with reconciliation and the forgiveness of potentially tragic errors .	11	1
In so doing , it is supported by a committee of experts on the transport of dangerous goods under the regulatory procedure .	9	2
http://www.4gamer.net/news/image/2005.09/20050919032951_41big.html	0	0
The many light toys such a swords , devil ears , and lanterns turn the milling crowd into a unique light show that can be observed by climbing the steps of the 70 meter memorial hall on the grounds .	34	2
Removing 90 % of ' sit - abouts ' in main room would look cleaner .	1	1
When making a writing system , take a break about every five minutes and come back to it or all your letters will begin to look identical .	12	2
In order for the Enable system administrator ( SA ) user name check box to be enabled , the following must be true .	14	1
It would not be fair to disappear without telling her first .	7	1
We were introduced to Bistro Tallulah by traveler - professional diner who happens to own the Adelphi Hotel and travels the world -- and residing in Paris , London , New York the rest of the year .	32	2
Enron total gain not counting ENA 's trading desk margin is $ 1,922,000	5	2
Set the layer mode to " color " this will make your image blak and white .	10	2
And other parts of the economy that provide services to the financial sector – Porsche dealers and strip clubs , for example – will be similarly encouraged .	24	2
" He did what he thought had to be done at the time to keep the power flowing . "	14	2
Opening night , January 23 , 2014 , of the Andy Warhol exhibit of Polaroids and screen prints at the University of Southern Indiana .	17	2
Auster leaned back on the sofa , smiled with a certain ironic pleaure , and lit a cigarette .	9	2
The Blindleia is a skerry - protected waterway that starts near Kristiansand in southern Norway , and continues past Lillesand .	5	0
Then , Ron , you come bounding downstairs going , Mum , look who turned up in the night ! and she 'll be all pleased to see Harry and no one need ever know we flew the car .	35	4
I saw a site that charges $ 0.70 per mile .	7	1
It is exceptionally rich in minerals , containing large deposits of gold , diamonds , and ores of manganese , lead , zinc , nickel , cobalt and molybdenum .	14	0
For the past 25 years landlocked Afghanistan has suffered from constant interference from its neighbours - Pakistan , Iran and the Central Asian Republics - and regional powers - Russia and India .	5	1
wht abt its picture quality ???	3	2
That ’s just legitimately horrendous .	1	6
Best Rgds .	2	0
We are staying in Jerusalem as guests of the Mishkenot Sha'ananim , the dwellings of serenity .	7	1
" I think everybody knows Andy Warhol 's name , even non-art people , that 's a name they might know because he was such a personality " , Water said .	18	4
Aunt Petunia was just handing round a box of after-dinner mints when a huge barn owl swooped through the dining room window , dropped a letter on Mrs Mason 's head and swooped out again .	11	2
Mrs. Wentz had put down her food and she sat back out of the light of the fire , a big face glimmering in the dark , caverns where the eyes were .	32	0
nevertheless , he was treated deferentially in San Francisco , and currency issued in his name was honored in the establishments he frequented .	22	4
I refer to the entire area between Pakistan and Morocco , which is predominantly Arab , predominantly Moslem , but includes many non-Arab and also significant non-Moslem minorities .	18	0
Do n't buy shoes to grow into , because your feet will seem flexed when you pointe and will look flat .	6	1
In doing so , the US could draw support from exports , especially to a rebalanced China – currently its third - largest and fastest - growing major export market .	23	1
Young and new faces emerged in the new council members , as veteran politicians stepped down in both the anti-establishment and pro-Beijing campus .	18	2
I say this remembering that Jacques Maritain once characterized European anti-Semitism of the twentieth century as an attempt to get rid of the moral burden of Christianity .	13	1
were you able to discuss the " bad faith " proceedings issue yesterday ?	5	2
the participant group had mean and standard deviation 60.23 ( 64.75 ) respectively , while the control group was 20.00 ( 42.65 ) .	8	1
Unfortunately for the IMF , it now needs a slightly higher public profile to convince the US Congress to agree to some important reforms .	6	1
1580 Ruy lopez died .	1	2
Doss ’s story also has an unlikely quality to it that makes it all the more appealing .	9	5
Yesterday , North Korea fired artillery rounds aimed at a loudspeaker in South Korea that broadcasts anti-Pyongyang propaganda into the North .	17	2
The word ' ivory ' rang in the air , was whispered , was sighed .	11	3
And with China set to become the world 's biggest aviation market in the next decade , the show is an opportunity for Beijing to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aviation as well as defence .	14	1
These alleged members of the Arakan Army , the military wing of the National Unity Party in Myanmar , have been charged with illegal entry .	23	1
1 - Number of paragraphs devoted to global warming in the EPA 's 600 - page " Draft Report on the Environment " presented in 2003 .	18	2
But the fact is , it 's not a joke .	0	1
When you copy an interior vertical line , the new line is halfway between the line you copied and the line to the right of the line you copied .	5	1
He did make a point , however , of leaving her " my second best bed " , a bequest that has led to much speculation .	3	3
you speak the language and will have more fun .	7	2
" Non ! " means " non " , not " I might consider it , and I will keep you attached to my apron strings just in case . "	9	1
Globe and Greek basil are much more difficult to grow , but form pretty little bushes which stay well-contained .	12	2
Like all playwrights of the time , he dramatised stories from sources such as Plutarch and Holinshed .	3	1
Other than eating , or shopping , or shopping for food , there is not much else to do unless you work in Fort Lee .	6	0
And outside , the silent wilderness surrounding this cleared speck on the earth struck me as something great and invincible , like evil or truth , waiting patiently for the passing away of this fantastic invasion .	11	2
But like i said nothing ever came of It .. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up ..	4	2
Hi All !	2	0
On Jan. 31 , Oregon Federal District Court Judge Robert E. Jones appeared to agree with them .	5	2
Of course , the potential of educated , empowered women to drive sustained economic growth is not limited to South Korea .	5	1
You will not be able to seek work or take a job , in Canada , with out having to show your Immigration VISA and Canadian Social Insurance Number card to any potential employer .	15	0
" THE PRESIDENT : I appreciate that .	5	4
All have received Polaroids from the foundation .	4	1
If we are to get a common transport market genuinely up and running , it is important that we should not only have regulations but that these regulations should also , as far as possible , apply to every country .	34	1
This is not unknown to New Delhi .	7	0
The next morning , and for many mornings to follow , Quinn posted himself on a bench in the middle of the traffic island at Broadway and 99th Street .	3	0
Its projected demand , boosted by a huge rise in car ownership as well as the need to find alternatives to polluting coal for electricity generation , has contributed to the surge in the price of oil this year .	15	2
Please let me know you preference .	1	3
" This is a great scientific discovery " , but it was so awful .	11	6
She has also been charged with trying to kill her two - year - old daughter .	15	2
Mr President , it is incumbent upon me to remind my colleague , Mr Evans , of why Wales actually achieved Objective 1 status .	14	1
Mine learned to " go to the bathroom " only in their cages and loved to ride on my shoulder or hang out in my hoodie pouch .	12	2
Bush nominated Jennifer M. Anderson for a 15 - year term as associate judge of the Superior Court of the District of Columbia , replacing Steffen W. Graae .	19	2
Of course the paper written by Mr Eichelberger and his Egyptian collaborators states that the purpose of the Nasser seizure of power was " to solve the pressing social and political problems which made the revolution necessary . "	5	1
" We take document security seriously , " she said , but refused to give any more details about how the papers came to be on a road .	17	2
The process of increasing safety margins and safety guarantees in transport is a process which must be improved day by day .	21	0
AMAZING NIGHT - Great Party Spot !!	0	1
Cover them lightly with soil .	1	4
Use the " Subscribe " button to choose what you see from friends and others in News Feed .	10	5
Voting has , in the vernacular of terror , become the new soft target .	12	1
MMA also captured the Northwest Frontier Province , which probably shelters Bin Laden and al - Zawahiri , and is in a joint government of Baluchistan Province , also on the Afghanistan border .	17	0
Here is latest draft of risk memo ( STILL IN DRAFT FORM ) .	12	0
Mine learned to " go to the bathroom " only in their cages and loved to ride on my shoulder or hang out in my hoodie pouch .	19	2
The issue is the financing of EU enlargement .	0	2
Otherwise , you can do what you can do in other parts or Japan , like shopping , eating , etc .	0	1
One of the people assassinated very recently in Sri Lanka was Mr Kumar Ponnambalam , who had visited the European Parliament just a few months ago .	3	2
In any case , since the book is supposed to be real , it follows that the story has to be written by an eyewitness to the events that take place in it .	3	0
Please take a moment to click on the link below and cast your vote for Beyond Control .	17	0
In fact Philippines is famous to accept people like these people i mentioned whose not filipinos but helping the Philippines to plunge in the pit as they are the rot of the country .	26	4
The strongest evidence might be a Catholic statement of faith signed by John Shakespeare , found in 1757 in the rafters of his former house in Henley Street .	14	0
The two screamed to frighten the bear and warn their friends in a tent several metres away but the bear ripped into that tent and began mauling 31 - year - old Alain Parenteau .	4	2
" 4 . May I qualify under the Skilled Worker category even if I score less than 67 points ? "	16	1
Application folder containing the application ( the folder where Msaccess.exe is located ) .	7	2
Let us know what you decide to do .	3	1
Then she lets go and falls .	0	1
You are going to need a few thousand dollars saved up for flights , insurance , food , accommodation & spending money .	14	2
I do n't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it 's getting to be an issue .	17	2
I mean , is the problem national , say between Jews and Arabs ; or is it a matter of generations between an old age and a new age ?	22	2
Anyway , I 'm sure I 'd mentioned it before but yes she is a very smart girl .	5	4
Sailing with the Roosevelt is the Tarawa Expeditionary Strike Force , which includes the USS Tarawa , the USS Austin , and the USS Pearl Harbor .	8	2
They may not respond right away and they may fight so ther smaller one can fit in one of hide spaces if it gets attacked .	13	1
There were long days in port with nothing to do .	2	1
For example , the Weatherspoon Art Museum at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro saw attendance levels reach 11,000 visitors when it exhibited its Warhol collection in 2010 , according to curator Elaine Gustafon .	26	2
As he did , he accumulated points toward his National Guard service requirements .	1	5
This not only ensures the lifeboats are operational and will work if needed , but makes the crew proficient at launching them .	2	1
Sufaat used his company called Green Laboratory Medicine to buy items useful to Al Qaeda .	2	4
it 's no good running to the magistrate if someone needs an ambulance to take him to the next town , for instance ...	14	2
Basically Nook Tablet it has more memory , better battery life and a better processor and a microphone .	11	1
Cover containers with clear plastic kitchen wrap , so they stay moist .	2	1
What sort of a nose did Cleopatra have ?	3	2
Auto Towing is one of the best towing services I have used .	5	2
Within Fort Lee , the main attraction would be its collection of restaurants .	11	1
24,000 - Estimated number of premature deaths that will occur under Bush 's Clear Skies initiative .	7	1
For example , you can filter for the top 25 % or bottom 25 % of salespeople based on the number of orders handled .	19	2
1 Quaffle ( volleyball , Frisbee , soccer ball , etc . )	8	2
Fine lot these government chaps – are they not ? he went on , speaking English with great precision and considerable bitterness .	19	1
Gloria temporarily improved during the rare times they used conventional treatments , but they soon dropped them in favour of homeopathy , and she consistently worsened .	9	1
On Tuesday , the United States of America could elect the first female president in its history .	17	0
To avoid experiencing a similar dilemma with Jasmine , the filmmakers ultimately decided to have the princess animated entirely at one studio .	16	2
Balzac had difficulty adapting to the rote style of learning at the school .	12	2
Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights .	3	1
The First World War brought about shifts and new developments in colonial politics .	9	2
This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by means of two or more elements , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .	21	1
By Greendale School , the anthrax perp was being cute , just as Yazid Sufaat was being cute in naming his lab Green Laboratory Medicine .	4	2
There were long days in port with nothing to do .	6	1
Bring some sort of magnet or small magnetic whiteboard for your door .	10	2
I went with Emily and her Mom last night to see the musical " Rent " and it was wonderful .	15	0
The Debaathification Commission had been pushed by Ahmad Chalabi and his Iraqi National Congress very hard , and had pushed many Sunni Arabs into the arms of the guerrillas .	5	3
Again , despite a rising chorus of concern from researchers , political markets have seemed frozen .	5	2
CONTACT William McGinnis ( Rev. Bill McGinnis ) 1908 Mt Vernon Ave # 2543 Alexandria , VA 22301 7037686710 bmc...@patriot.net	15	0
If you 're looking for a good burger , some great fries ( they are too die for ! ) , and good drinks , go to Chickie & Pete 's !	26	1
Quite apart from the potential bailout costs , some argue that financial hypertrophy harms the real economy by syphoning off talent and resources that could better be deployed elsewhere .	22	2
Priority shall be given to such measures as will least disturb the functioning of the internal market .	14	2
This only serves their purposes .	1	1
A significant reduction in energy consumption as suggested by the Commission in its European Climate Change Programme ( ECCP ) is possible .	4	2
I have told a French girl I liked her , and she accepted .	10	1
Because Fort Lee is situated above the banks of the Hudson River , there are breathtaking views from almost any window facing the river .	4	2
The consul and his wife had been swept into some back room by the presence of aides , secretaries , and the necessity to keep their cats out of the way of Lady Dorothy 's dog .	1	2
Then take your finger and place it under their belly , in front of their feet and say up .	17	3
If desired , the snitch is able to do whatever he or she wants to avoid capture .	6	1
It is particularly important in the light of reports in the media that Europe is rapidly losing ground to the US in the hi-tech growth industries of the future .	1	6
Well , yes , well-informed people do have this information in their files .	5	2
If they smell strongly earlier , test with a wooden skewer ; if it returns clean after sticking into a cupcake , they 're ready .	7	1
Think of it this way .	5	0
The MoI in Iraq is equivalent to the US FBI , so this would be like having J. Edgar Hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the Weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	2	1
At least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts William Patrick and Kenneth Alibek , under the optimal method , there is no electrostatic charge .	21	1
The real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in B2B marketplaces .?	16	2
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines ( physical and financial ) for the London traders .	7	1
There was bread and butter , more beer , knives and forks , salt and pepper , napkins , and omelettes , two of them , oozing on white plates .	18	0
Finding someone even more vulnerable and foolish than we were , after everything had been taken from us — that was a delight .	1	2
Give me a few days , and I 'll be in touch .	5	0
Game 14 : Friday , August 3 @ 7:30 PM vs. Orlando MIRACLE	4	0
The atmosphere alone deserves 4 stars but , the food was not up to par with the price tag and the reputation the restaurant carries .	11	1
Ask around to see what they 've been saying about you .	10	3
My neck is fixed !.	3	1
Best weather the past couple of years has been around late April - late May but it can pour with rain for days on end at any time of the year so be prepared with waterproof jackets / boots etc .	1	2
Creative Commons is not a party to this License , and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work .	20	0
Dampen the mixture with water so it 's ready to provide the right environment for the basil seeds to germinate .	17	2
Rowe was the first biographer to record the tradition , repeated by Johnson , that Shakespeare retired to Stratford ' some years before his death ' .	10	2
The battles and demonstrations were provoked by the US assault on Fallujah .	6	1
But the longer it takes us to understand the new landscape of this war , the more costly and painful the victory will be .	24	0
Do n't worry , the vodka wo n't freeze .	9	0
The old one sat on her chair .	5	5
He preserved aspects of his earlier style in the later plays , however .	3	1
When a user connects to the SQL Server database through a Microsoft Access project , the connection is enabled through a Windows NT user account .	4	1
Their head of nature policy , Jeff Knott , stated : “ I ’d be amazed if either a ban or licensing was introduced off the back of it ” .	13	2
John Donovan from Argghhh! has put out a excellent slide show on what was actually found and fought for in Fallujah .	5	2
Thanks for sharing this with me .	5	4
Fair give and take on both sides until we agreed on a deal that was within my parameters and was fair to both sides .	6	2
Why did you choose to run in the Republican Party ?	4	1
How about the lines to the check - in counters in a busy travel period ?	5	2
EY4108.I PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P - 10,274,494 - $ 166,960	3	2
But now I had to get ready to go with him to the lion fountain , where most of the others were gathered .	6	1
Baie-Mahault : the industrial and commercial zone of Guadeloupe , nothing special to do or see .	8	2
Go there on christian holidays for a bit of churchy grandure .	1	1
President Santer rightly pointed out that financial reform is one of the main pillars of Agenda 2000 .	4	1
Hiller asked Bush to name the leaders of Chechnya , Taiwan , India and Pakistan .	9	0
It 's quite a large Canadian tournament , and so we went as the Gliders team .	5	1
He himself fitted a cat-flap in the bedroom door , so that small amounts of food could be pushed inside three times a day .	8	2
Microsoft has not announced there new console yet though it is believed to be in the works .	8	1
" However , the full fuselage trainer , that every astronaut including [ former Museum of Flight CEO ] Bonnie Dunbar has been trained on , will soon call the Museum of Flight home .	11	1
The XML protocol is a set of rules , guidelines , and conventions for designing data formats and structures , in a way that produces files that are easy to generate and easily read by different computers and applications .	7	2
This boat has serviced the islands for many years , but does not carry passengers .	3	2
Just making up examples , but if a pair is constantly together , they may lay 10 - 15 eggs a day .	18	1
your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey .	11	0
1 1/2 cups ( 350 ml ) plain soy milk	0	1
Men put cell phones and small tools in them .	1	4
In order to win , it is necessary to first eliminate the terrorist regimes , so that no Government in the world will serve as a safe haven for these people .	27	2
Everything about the place is magical and the people are mostly friendly .	9	4
Tom Dempsey Gulf Breeze , FL 850-748-0740	0	2
The Incas treated the crop as sacred and referred to quinoa as " chisaya mama " or " mother of all grains . " [ 1 ]	21	2
The American novelist Herman Melville 's soliloquies owe much to Shakespeare ;	5	1
IT still can not commit to transferring messages across domains .	5	1
Just pray that you have not ever given this criminal enough information for your identity to be stolen - your full name , birthdate , home address , etc or that you were not conned into sending money .	30	1
Over the last half - century , South Korea has made considerable economic progress , with per capita income increasing from a mere $ 80 dollars in 1960 to more than $ 22,000 last year .	28	1
I can rent another machine for like $ 60 that will give it a finished look .	5	1
I love it for discounted beauty items and household appliances .	4	2
Another thing non-locals do n't often realize is that Cleveland 's long history of industrial wealth has left it chock full of cultural riches as well as the beginnings of a " sustainable city ' movement .	24	1
For want of any other idea , he closed his eyes .	6	0
We had the ants in an observation nest , and I could just look at them for hours , watching them go about .	20	4
Like all playwrights of the time , he dramatised stories from sources such as Plutarch and Holinshed .	10	1
Like Iran , Syria 's military is nothing to scoff at .	11	0
mazzoni 's deli best italian food in phila pa ?	6	1
Do you strip every woman because one pretended to be pregnant and carried a suicide bomb on her belly ?	4	2
The difficulty lies in the fact that the confirmation system reads the counterparty 's name from Global Counterparty .	15	1
If you are unsure whether or not you need your passport then Faz will be able to help !	10	2
The main reason attributed for the pollution of Athens is because the city is enclosed by mountains in a basin which does not let the smog leave .	17	1
Thank you Mike for all your help professionally and personally .	3	1
or do i just show them passport and walk through the gates ?	6	2
( other items : chicken fingers , wings , asian pizza , and yam and regular fries )	16	2
Investigators said the nun , Margaret Ann Pahl , 71 , was strangled and then stabbed , with nine wounds on her chest forming the shape of an inverted cross , a well - recognized Satanic symbol .	7	2
Do yourself a favor , call these guys first and enjoy driving your car again ..	12	2
the easiest thing would be a fish - but u need to clean the tank weekly , feed it the right amt , etc etc x	18	5
A NATO spokesman said : " There 's no tracking mechanism to ensure they do n't fall into the wrong hands .	16	2
We just happen to stumble across this little restaurant one day when we had to visit the Bexar County Tax Office off of Bandera Road .	17	2
The sooner he got out of here , the better .	2	5
Sign - up lists will be available at the services on Feb. 27 and March 6 , or you can email me .	10	1
and around what time they eat each of their meals .	6	1
If your ruling is that I cannot give an explanation of vote , I accept that but accept with reservations .	15	2
And outside , the silent wilderness surrounding this cleared speck on the earth struck me as something great and invincible , like evil or truth , waiting patiently for the passing away of this fantastic invasion .	24	2
He supported himself during his studies through part-time work as a schoolteacher and as a shorthand reporter in the Danish parliament .	8	2
The straps wear out fastest around the adjusters over the course of numerous wash and dry cycles ( not to mention being out in the elements if they are work clothes ) .	2	4
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed , the price was Non-Bondad .	7	2
Their head of nature policy , Jeff Knott , stated : “ I ’d be amazed if either a ban or licensing was introduced off the back of it ” .	12	4
Baghdadis do n't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more , you never know where you might get stuck .	5	1
I tell all my customers they can try it , but do n't count on it .	0	4
Even though they might not be the best way to get around the island , a ride on the bus is still an experience you should not miss .	9	1
Here it is .	1	5
I hav n't heard of it .	0	4
Eventually when he found his brother he had resolution .	9	0
Festus could be heard retailing the exchange , confidently in the right , in the kitchen ;	1	2
Otherwise , you can do what you can do in other parts or Japan , like shopping , eating , etc .	11	2
Muslims are required to make a pilgrimage to Mecca during their lifetimes , if physically or financially possible , as it is one of the five pillars of the Islamic faith .	14	1
This is referred to in the emblem and when you hear the dwellers of Łódź ( łodzianin ( man ) łodzianka ( woman ) łodzianie ( plural ) ) calling themselves " the boat people " .	20	0
There should be a prioritisation in favour of staff exchanges and specific training , including case studies .	10	1
In 1836 Balzac took the helm of the Chronique De Paris , a weekly magazine of society and politics .	5	2
With extra blackworms and maybe frozen ( defrosted , rinsed ) frozen foods earlier in the day , they may leave 30 - 40 eggs at a time .	25	1
Is there a future for our nation 's youth ?	3	2
Musharraf told Clinton he could n't use Pakistani soil or air space to send the team in against Bin Laden .	12	1
If more data is available , you can add fields to the chart .	2	2
It was the biggest thing in the town , and everybody I met was full of it .	12	4
There 's a Canon EOS T2i , with the exact same sensor , just no articulating screen .	6	0
Now you are far above the earth - into space .	3	1
The Knight of the Sad Countenance does not give up his obsessions .	4	1
I shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me .	12	1
Microsoft has not announced there new console yet though it is believed to be in the works .	5	1
He stood at the sink , drinking cold water and looking at the avocado pear pip growing suspended by three matchsticks in the neck of a pickle jar of water on the sill .	18	1
who fought the wars ?	0	1
Historically important and economically crucial for these islands today , Port Hutt is the ideal location for a short browse around and a mecca for those photography buffs [ 2 ] .	7	2
I have visited Dr. Cooper 's office twice and I am very impressed with how friendly and polite the staff is .	8	1
In the meantime , could you please provide a contact on your side with whom we could discuss technical issues ?	15	4
Silkie crosses are great birds , and very neat looking .	1	2
It 's not because of what one said .	6	1
The event was known about in Paris and caused more upset in a mood which was already charged by the persistently high price of bread and lack of provisions .	21	1
A rocky cliff appeared , mounds of turned-up earth by the shore , houses on a hill , others , with iron roofs , amongst a waste of excavations , or hanging to the declivity .	12	0
You might therefore wish to start right in on the first page of text that follows and only then return to this introduction .	5	2
Seconds later , a bell clanged , and Malfoy stepped into the shop .	7	1
It was completed rather late in the war ; although a number of B-29s were equipped with Eagle and it worked well , it came too late to make much difference .	16	1
Isfahan ( Persian : اصفهان , also known as Esfahan ) is a city in central Iran , south of Tehran and is the capital of Isfahan Province .	25	1
Department of Labor Findings on the Worst Forms of Child Labor reported that 56 % of children aged 5 to 14 were working children and that almost 53 % of children aged 7 to 14 combined work and school .	26	1
Those who are not assigned an associate may also allocate points ( a max of 150 ) at the meeting based on contribution to your areas for the first review period .	1	1
The agreement was that Gorbachev agreed to a quite remarkable concession : he agreed to let a united Germany join the NATO military alliance .	7	2
" When dandelions have set the mark of May on Wisconsin pastures , it is time to listen for the final proof of spring , " wrote Aldo Leopold in " A Sand County Almanac . "	9	1
" I must try to save you . "	6	1
Instead , they send outcast women , naive children , retarded people and young incited hotheads .	10	1
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions : Please do not transmit orders and / or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account ( s ) by e-mail .	9	3
Now it is time to take the next steps and achieve even greater progress in our public education system .	11	1
Meanwhile , Arthur Levitt has agreed to meet with us in September to brainstorm on the ideas we 've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them .	29	1
This time it reached him , but he refused to believe that she no longer wanted to be married to him .	21	0
He could see him sitting in the chair across from him , but at the same time it felt as though he was not there .	2	2
It resulted , however , in the abandonment of important pieces of heavy artillery , and it remains a matter of historical debate why the railway to Flensburg was never properly used for the evacuation .	14	0
Jesus said that what you do the least of the people you do to him .	2	1
Groups : alt.animals.breeders.rabbits , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.crab , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.dogs.collies.open-forum , alt.animals.dolphins , alt.animals.eagle.bald , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.falcon	5	0
Much of the violence aimed at American forces is coming from disgruntled Sunni factions that have their own militias , believe the last elections were a sham , and hold little political power in the government .	18	2
Some two hundred Hasidim are flying to Israel to attend the circumcision of the firstborn son of their spiritual leader , the Belzer Rabbi .	7	2
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	20	2
I would not have gone back , but I could n't find the particular tire they 'd used in stock anywhere else .	3	2
So , she said .	2	5
Sheer contrast to getting it done at karol bagh which is done under the wooden plank	3	1
Iraqi cities such as Fallujah and Ramadi were on the truck route from Amman to Baghdad , and so came under the influence of the Salafi movement , which is popular in Jordan .	21	2
He walked a hundred yards or so up the road , and , meeting a man on a bicycle , greeted him in the language that had come back to him as he lay in the room .	11	1
At the ceremony , NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announced the locations that would be given the three remaining Space Shuttle orbiters following the end of the Space Shuttle program .	16	1
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( Phone ) 713-646-3393 ( Fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	11	2
The summer there is much more mild than most of the US ( are you coming from the US ? ) .	21	0
“ The Free Society is fragile .	1	2
Be persistent , but do n't pester them about it cause that 'll get you nowhere fast .	12	2
Add only silk plants as plastic ones may tear up ur betta s delicate fins .	15	0
My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly completed .	5	2
She is so talented , the flowers were arranged superbly and delicately , it is so obvious to see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to others .	15	1
Now that 's a post I can relate to .	8	1
140 - Number of Saudis , including members of the Bin Laden family , evacuated from United States almost immediately after 11 September .	14	2
Gameplay was delayed during the " third map " ( third round ) of the finals , when one Immortals player was caught with their headset off .	3	1
Groom was Republican Red Blount 's scheduler , and in that job , she was the hub in the campaign wheel .	21	0
She had to hack her way through the ceiling of her beauty shop as flood waters rose in the city of half a million people - much of which lies below sea level .	2	1
When he started out his poems were about beating drums , and blow , bugle , blow .	7	1
" The magazine failed , but in July 1840 he founded another publication , the Revue Parisienne .	9	4
Those who are not assigned an associate may also allocate points ( a max of 150 ) at the meeting based on contribution to your areas for the first review period .	29	2
You 'll be able to use your 1 - 4 years of experience with Toxic Tort to complement your desire to stay with the firm .	7	1
" I study history in school , " I said .	8	4
I slipped through one of these cracks , went up a swept and ungarnished staircase , as arid as a desert , and opened the first door I came to .	15	0
What 've you been doing all these years in your ivory tower in Wiltshire ?	7	2
Here are some emails we have sent , along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June , just for your information .	26	2
Pittsburgh gets men on second and third , one out , so the Mets go to the bullpen for Allen .	3	1
I would not have gone back , but I could n't find the particular tire they 'd used in stock anywhere else .	7	1
We will discuss the potential implications of these techniques and our understanding of visual behaviours on museum and gallery practice .	8	2
If you can smell the cupcakes earlier , check to make sure they are n't browning earlier ( this means they 're more than ready ) .	4	2
I pray that you understand our plight .	1	4
Crap like this sure makes me want to rush right out and rescue people from dilemmas of their own making .	4	6
The study was published in journal Nature Climate Change yesterday .	0	2
Anyway , you do n't have a choice on how you get there , unless you happen to own an aeroplane .	21	0
You might have to make your own nightlife by finding an izakaya ( pub ) somewhere .	11	2
His appearance was certainly that of a hairdresser 's dummy ; but in the great demoralization of the land he kept up his appearance .	23	2
Margot 's had to be in the kitchen herself from six in the morning , and some nights it 's been until ten .	0	2
Photographs from a seized computer disc included the controls and the locks on the door between the passengers and pilot .	14	2
Last time I went however , my beer was warm and the service was so - so .	15	0
In the Middle East and probably elsewhere , the United States relied heavily on management consultants and public-relations experts .	3	2
It will give you a lot more power , as well as control over how your black and white photo looks :	0	5
And what is there to show for it ?	1	1
My new address will be : Mary Hain Senior Regulatory Counsel ISO New England Inc.One Sullivan Road Holyoke , MA 01040-2841 ( 413 ) 535-4000 mhain@ISO-NE.com	1	1
Sir Reginald himself will present Mweta with a buta-wood lectern and silver inkstand , it 's down for Tuesday afternoon .	11	2
A simple formality assured me the secretary , with an air of taking an immense part in all my sorrows .	11	1
Overpriced and the doctor acted arrogant and rushed at a time when there was very few clients in the facility .	1	1
Thanks ,	1	0
A film changing bag is a handy way of unloading your exposed film in the field .	10	2
No matter what state I am in when I arrive , I always leave feeling better .	6	1
Regardless of method , the winning seeker wins 30 points for his or her team , unlike the books , in which the snitch is worth 150 points .	14	2
We 're all set for 2:30 on July 12 .	1	4
If you 're going to Seoul , then you should also visit a specific place called , ' The Namsan Tower ' !	12	2
While it 's not easy to separate fact from fiction , Attorney General Ashcroft and Director Mueller have publicly confirmed Aafia is still being sought .	12	2
The noise outside had ceased , and presently in going out I stopped at the door .	1	2
the guy came on time and did n't take any breaks , he went straight to work and finished the job efficiently and promptly !	24	0
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one .	11	4
It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range of food at all prices and styles .	0	5
His impulse was to tear the book out of her hands and run across the station with it .	16	1
I really do need answers and advice , and NOT INSULTING ANSWERS !!	9	1
It is trying to play ice hockey by sending a ballerina ice - skater into the ring or to knock out a heavyweight boxer by a chess player .	7	1
This development is in line with the recommendation of the evaluator , while the organisation of more technical seminars is also being promoted .	11	0
The food is always fresh and delicious .	6	1
I must confess I am totally surprised that the Commission was not aware of this report , given its sensitivity at this particular time .	9	2
He had been staring absent-mindedly into the hedge – and the hedge was staring back .	14	1
I just adopted a 2 year old male German Shepherd with Major bad behaviors ?	11	1
Floating Amount = ( Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating Price ) - USD [ 38,000 ? ]	10	1
stay away from misogynist jokes if you ’ve got an audience full of women ;	11	1
When the ship passed Stromboli at night , there was a streak of crimson lava flowing from the volcano and the sailors would n't leave the television set to look at this natural phenomenon .	7	0
If only one could be transported on a magic carpet ...	4	2
Harry managed not to shout out , but it was a close thing .	4	2
Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge ) ?	18	0
If no .xsl file is specified , the data is saved in standard XML format .	14	2
and most correctly , us visitors did not mingle with the native wildlife .	13	0
There are several campsites that allow tourists to barbeque on the beach with beautiful mountain views in the background .	4	1
The " History " section of the site explains , in a satirical fashion , that the incident was prompted by the Church of Scientology 's attempts to remove a promotional video featuring Scientologist Tom Cruise from YouTube .	35	2
I have worked with Ted Jurek at Decor and You , and it started out as a decent experience .	17	1
If you are comfortable , we will drive these changes into our other midmarket power forms .	0	1
Yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son Ahmed Abdul Qadoos , who receives a stipend from the UN for being officially low - IQ due to lead poisoning .	25	1
Critics praise the Sonnets as a profound meditation on the nature of love , sexual passion , procreation , death , and time .	2	2
With luck , the Kashmir Valley can attract investment from the Middle East and other locations where Muslims are dominant and become a tourist , education and services haven within India .	5	2
8 - Number of members of the US Senate and House of Representatives who have a child serving in the military .	13	1
Then he leaned back on the sofa and looked Quinn in the eyes .	8	4
Basing letters on objects ( pictographs ) is an easy way to start a writing system .	2	1
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	24	4
* Offers end user transportation rates for 2003 lower for most customers than rates in effect today . *	10	2
I put the coffee thing in hot water and settled for a cup of weak coffee .	7	2
" We were screaming , hollering , flashing lights .	9	0
Funds have often been granted for projects which have had no lasting benefit for the area concerned .	2	1
It can be seen as an allegory of Christ ’s death and resurrection , though this idea produces some puzzles .	5	2
" I study history in school , " I said .	2	4
the only down fall of this pho house is the difficulty in finding parking in chinatown .	4	1
Even worse , the dark , narrow street Harry could see through the dusty shop window was definitely not Diagon Alley .	13	1
Beautiful work , fast shipping and great communication .	1	2
She maintained contact all round her as they danced , talking over his shoulder to this one , putting out a broad calloused brown foot in a gold sandal to nudge that one in the calf .	19	1
The many light toys such a swords , devil ears , and lanterns turn the milling crowd into a unique light show that can be observed by climbing the steps of the 70 meter memorial hall on the grounds .	14	2
+ As the implications of the Andaman Islands situation sink in , Indian intelligence has inevitably come under scrutiny .	15	1
There 's not that much money in fundamental science at the moment , so I try to cut the costs wherever possible .	15	4
If you 're not presently married , and want to be , you just might wed by the end of the year .	19	1
Dr. Taylor was not only available on a Sunday , but also was able to immediately take care of me .	13	1
Neither the facts nor the deformations , the insidious platitudes of the media ( tormenting because the underlying realities are so huge and so terrible ) , can be screened out .	3	1
Glad to hear that they are all healthy and were a good size , and that Mom is doing well .	0	1
They made conversation about the radio and television coverage of the celebrations , and from this broke into talk that interested them both :	2	2
That 's why I 'm posting here !	1	6
Shakespeare died on 23 April 1616 and was survived by his wife and two daughters .	5	1
But its potential for sustained growth is faltering , owing to the imminent decline of its working - age population – projected to fall by 25 % by 2050 – and rising competition from China and other emerging economies .	21	2
And that ad had pulled so many girls , because they -- I think they all thought that nice girls do n't do this .	24	0
Modern m 16 vs Vietnam m 16 version ?	8	0
Please do visit us and feel free to browse the site at www.southbhamcats.org.uk	10	2
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company ' Moore Noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics .	25	4
For those with a larger appetite for the scenery and a larger budget , there are some hotel complexes much closer to the action with views of parts of the falls .	31	0
This tactic of letters is not merely the modus operandi of these militant islamists inspired by Zawahiri , it is their signature .	13	2
That said , the maintenance of this forum is handled by Google and thus will remain reliable and it will ultimately give us more time to play :) .	22	4
If you 'd like to , you can add this email address to your existing Facebook account to ensure that you won't get Facebook invites sent to you in the future .	31	0
you can view at dresscod.com	0	3
It was n’t as loud as my heels .	5	1
Try the " white rice " option if your rice cooker gives you several options .	6	2
We do n't want too many tourists , and since we 'll both be out of school we can go anytime between the middle of June to early November .	16	2
3 . Is there too much mineral in the water ?	8	2
The hymn was sung at my first inaugural church service as governor .	9	2
Shakespeare 's standard poetic form was blank verse , composed in iambic pentameter .	10	1
I would hesitate to recommend anyone .	5	2
He dedicated them to Henry Wriothesley , Earl of Southampton .	5	1
They had been drinking at a pub called the Midnight - the centre of the heavy metal scene in Milan - and they never came home .	26	0
Google has finally had an analyst day -- a chance to present the company 's story to the ( miniscule number of ) people who have n't heard it .	28	5
As in the old days , varnish is often used as a protective film against years of dirt , grease , smoke , etc .	1	1
In this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to transact on EnronOnline almost a month after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now complaining .	0	1
- Herbert Henry Asquith	1	2
She asked me to bring the original piece back and I told her I had to use it on the job .	20	2
Today , Ukraine needs a modern-day equivalent of the Marshall Plan , by which the United States helped to reconstruct Europe after World War II .	22	2
If you 're looking for homestyle Japanese food , you ca n't beat this	6	1
The Chatnam Islands ( Rekohu in the indigenous Moriori language ) are the eastern-most settled islands in New Zealand .	13	2
It is registered as a UNESCO World Heritage Site .	0	5
" A few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear 's paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling . "	21	5
One remark made by Sha'lan on Al - Arabiya TV , that he could n't say more about Chalabi because he would embarrass himself and the viewers almost made me roll on the floor .	32	2
I had my passage on a little sea-going steamer .	9	0
Balzac suffered from health problems throughout his life , possibly due to his intense writing schedule .	1	5
They convince lots of people that they are a great store , when in fact they are a very average place at best , they are just another big box store like the others .	0	4
The interior of the island is dominated by the beautiful and green Hagghier mountains and limestone plateau .	2	1
The plan ca n't be described as a binary , a breakaway , a unilevel , or a forced matrix .	6	1
Another problem is that sometimes bad eggs will fungus and the fungus will spread out and kill all the eggs .	17	1
Low per capita income has been proposed as a cause for grievance , prompting armed rebellion .	12	0
After this weekend , we will no longer have access to the estate files , these people will be able to help you with any of your questions .	0	1
Edwards is a strong supporter of Israel , and believes that the U.S. has a vital role in promoting peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians . "	8	1
You look at the general patterns .	3	2
His preferred method was to eat a light meal at five or six in the afternoon , then sleep until midnight .	21	0
I 'm a sophomore in high school doing a presentation on Italian Arts and my teacher is making us censor the Statue of David .	1	4
Kenneth Lay has approved the attached expense report for Cindy Olson .	2	6
Knowledge is power and wikiHow has the potential to make all of us a bit more powerful .	2	2
That started me out on books and I have amassed quite a few since then .	4	1
It 's difficult to do anything with that place now ;	4	2
When I first get on I take 1 leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with my heel and hold it there for 1 lap at a walk around a large dressage arena .	13	1
I have been here a few times for oil changes and just got my tires , alignment and state inspection done yesterday .	1	4
The man was looking at him , even studying him , and if recognition did not flicker across his face , it still held something more than a blank stare .	27	2
" I must try to save you . "	5	2
Yet another amendment is aimed at simplification , taking references to the tank to include its accessories as a matter of course .	16	2
Young and new faces emerged in the new council members , as veteran politicians stepped down in both the anti-establishment and pro-Beijing campus .	23	0
The President will be expecting me to have come for you with the Mercedes , but , honestly , if I 'd have waited to get it I would have turned up I do n't know when .	32	4
He is in my room , but there are so many things inside there , I du n no what to do .	15	4
Many details remain to be worked out , but we will keep you advised .	1	2
After one month 's full - bore effort , I 'm pleased with the results ( e.g. , we forecast Nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned out $ 46 ) .	6	2
She asked for the dinner combo and they gave her two dinner plates instead .	7	4
The restrictions would drive prices as low as $ 65 per megawatt - nearly 12 times below the $ 750 per megawatt limits of seven months earlier .	16	1
Two enormous green eyes had appeared among the leaves .	6	1
The servant bowed confusedly at him , walking backwards , in the tribal way before rank , and then recovering himself and leaving the room with an anonymous lope .	18	1
That said , we are quite different from Wikipedia in several respects :	8	2
Build in or add something to the elevator .	5	1
Another senior Al Qaeda member ( a shura or policy - making council member no less ) was working for the Egyptian intelligence services and he confirmed the report in a sworn lengthy confession .	1	1
After the major kill - offs , wolves outside of Alaska and Canada existed mostly as legend .	10	2
Ask any bus or jitney driver leaving from the Port Authority George Washington Bus Station on 177 St. whether s/he can let you off in Fort Lee .	26	2
It is heartbreaking to try to bring a horse back and then have to put it down , but some horses are worth the risk .	23	2
and we do n't know them except for eating there .	7	1
Four boxes did you say ?	5	0
He then " fixed " it for free but it still looked like crap .	2	0
In its communication , the Commission has presented some proposals for greater consistency between regional policy and competition policy in the EU .	22	0
When I arrived at Brickell Honda on 6/4/11 , I was greeted and attended to by the Sales Manager , Gustavo Guerra , in a very friendly and professional manner .	4	2
They drank whisky there , or even the coffee after dinner .	0	4
This is a decrease from the year before , when it was forty percent .	14	0
In the medium case , investigations find that Enron ( like others ) " played by the rules , " but the rules stunk , and Enron profited at the expense of California consumers .	26	2
Mr Kedourie doubts that he needed " to call on the resources of American political science for such lessons in tyranny ?	0	2
It ’s very much like you are trying to make the room laugh , but the room has been a sort of captive audience for many many years now , so it takes a lot to make the room laugh .	26	1
You can go further and feel that your unit consciousness , a dot in the Infinite Consciousness , is merging with Infinity .	0	3
On the other hand , an Extensible Stylesheet Language ( XSL ) style sheet is considerably more flexible than a CSS file .	5	2
Also , if you can think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year , please let me know .	21	0
He knew that they never left the farm ; instead , the world came to them in the shape of weekend picnickers and driveby tourists .	25	0
You 'll have to come visit to check out my new house .	6	1
The plain fact is that a few members of IT are pushing this initiative , but they lack commercial sponsorship .	5	2
One little boy stands up and offers that , " if my best friend who lives next door was playing in the street when a car came along and killed him , that would be a tragedy " .	26	4
i have to go to butt - fucking mississippi .	7	1
As always , thank you for your time and please contact me @ ext 58369 if you have any questions .	6	2
The contaminants not only attack the undeveloped lungs of the little ones ; they can also lead to long - term impairment in the development of the adolescent brain .	12	0
We find our seats , two in a row of three , toward the rear of the aircraft .	18	0
2 Category field Region filtered to show South and West region items	3	2
It ’s very much like you are trying to make the room laugh , but the room has been a sort of captive audience for many many years now , so it takes a lot to make the room laugh .	28	1
As you approach the Earth at , or close to , terminal velocity , you may wish to contemplate your past existence , and the possibility of a future afterlife .	17	1
12 . Remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in Section 6.1 .	1	0
It ALL had to do with the sales guy which was a young 22 year old who had admittedly only been working for 2 weeks .	2	4
** and i can upload my pictures and videos on the computer ( facebook )	8	2
Whereas it is essential to promote the development of friendly relations between nations ;	9	1
You can not cut yourself off and not read newspapers or stop hearing the news over the radio for weeks on end , as you could six or seven years ago . "	13	2
Dengue fever is a leading cause of illness and death in the tropics and subtropics , with as many as 100 million people infected each year .	12	2
Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day .	5	1
If you are serious about working out in a non-commercial like atmosphere then you have chosen the best place to be .	19	1
He then wrote mainly tragedies until about 1608 , including Hamlet , King Lear , Othello , and Macbeth , considered some of the finest works in the English language .	17	1
Our experience of art develops from the interaction of several cognitive and affective processes ; the beginning of which is a visual scan of the artwork .	18	1
It is time to demand action – and past time for policymakers to deliver it .	5	2
Al Qaeda 's regional operative , Hambali , who was at a key January 2000 meeting and supervised Sufaat , has been captured .	19	0
I talked with Gary Wilson , and he confirmed that the revised values are correct .	13	4
The blog aims to help address " a gap between scientists and ' the general public ' . "	15	2
The codependency construct is rooted in the psychopathology of human relationships whereby two partners , whether out of need or convenience , draw unhealthy support from each other .	22	5
It was paddled by black fellows .	2	3
You know the barbers under the mango trees there just before you get to the second-class trading area ?	15	2
The blog aims to help address " a gap between scientists and ' the general public ' . "	10	2
He 'll make you fill one out .	1	2
I love how it really depends on how good a horse your horse really is , not how talented he is .	21	0
Then , also , he 's got so much stuff in there right now , that I do n't know how he 's going to fit baby stuff .	19	2
The " recent events " are likely to be the attacks of 21 October that briefly took down popular websites such as Reddit , Twitter and Spotify as well as many others .	6	1
he was one of those people who , late at night , suddenly have a desperate need of certain companions .	1	6
She asked for the dinner combo and they gave her two dinner plates instead .	0	5
If you are looking for towing services that can offer you a good towed car service , then Auto Towing is the company for you .	10	3
Tuesday is all about getting out the vote , but it means nothing if a registered voter is n't on the list .	8	0
5 - Number of major US airports at the beginning of 2004 that the Transportation Security Administration admitted were Not fully screening baggage electronically .	6	2
They have a great lunch special with your choice of meat , chicken , steak , or pork and rice and black beans and fried plantains .	2	2
Importantly , studying eye movements offers an insight that does not depend on the participants ’ beliefs , memories or subjective impressions of the artwork .	0	1
Common room was comfortable and clean , very good room to read or relax . –	4	1
“ In 1972 , there was an enormous glut of pilots , ” Campenni says .	13	2
At six-thirty he posted himself in front of gate twenty-four .	4	6
The Visual Basic project of a Microsoft Access file contains references to object libraries , and it can also contain references to other files , including other Access files .	28	2
I read somewhere that you have to hold his mouth together , and keep it that way til he panics .	10	1
The Europeans do not need their current level of representation , and the positions and voices of middle - and lower - income countries should be strengthened .	13	2
I have stayed in this hotel many times , and while it typically offers a decent bang for the buck , its client base largely consists of troubled youngsteers and evictees from the local , not so pleasant hood .	29	1
New faces emerge as veteran politicians step down in Hong Kong legislative election	10	2
It 's just disappointing .	4	0
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to work , to free choice of employment , to just and favourable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment .	6	2
We recommend you to take that curse out of your house throwing away everything related to the Devil 's main nine puppets ....	17	2
We have to remember that rural areas represent almost four fifths of the territory of the European Union .	3	2
the first part ( of four ) covers a span of six years , while the final two sections focus on just three days .	20	1
In case of an earthquake , stay under a sturdy table and do n't go outside as possible debris will fall .	7	1
Be sure to take your sweety out on the balcony tonight and gaze at the full moon .	10	2
As of today , we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders ' letter dated November 16 , 2000 .	4	4
The interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections , but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 ( or so ) balloting centres .	26	2
If you 're going to Seoul , then you should also visit a specific place called , ' The Namsan Tower ' !	18	2
Some critics consider Balzac 's writing exemplary of naturalism - a more pessimistic and analytical form of realism , which seeks to explain human behavior as intrinsically linked with the environment .	0	1
What would happen if you flew the flag of South Vietnam in Modern day Vietnam ?	9	2
The SQL Server must be running on the same computer as the Access project .	2	2
neuroscientists have examined the neurobiological underpinnings of discrimination [ 7 – 9 ] ;	8	0
But , while Marx 's belief that capital and labor were substitutes , not complements , was a mistake in his own age , and for more than a century to follow , it may not be a mistake today .	38	2
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	3	2
The World 's Fair museum was pretty cool .	6	1
That just goes to show the possibilities in our country !	8	3
Some people are willing to take your horse , but they really have old trailers that are not the safest in the world .	12	4
They would be too scared and spooky .	3	1
Its police includes a special unit which operates patrol and surveillance boats .	8	2
Do you feel that the holidaying with the animated cartoons will impress only young ones ?	12	1
Prior to taking office Jokowi sought for outgoing President Yudhoyono to take responsibility for the decision to further increase fuel prices by further removing subsidies .	15	2
It wo n't make much difference .	3	2
I have never seen this car before until this lady at wal mart had it and she told me she got it here and that everyone was so nice to her .	25	2
Had a horrible experience with a manager here , Rachel McInnis , she was rude , inconsiderate and did not do the right thing for an item that was marked incorrectly ...	29	2
the bird must know that when you open the cage door it means that you will put him in the cage , and birds do n't usually like cages .	3	2
Harry tried to argue back but his words were drowned by a long , loud belch from the Dursleys son , Dudley .	1	4
Certain ANSI-89 SQL features are not implemented and the wildcard characters conform to the Visual Basic for Applications ( VBA ) specification , not SQL .	9	2
It may also be privileged or otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal rules .	3	2
I have used these guys for new snows , fixing lots of flats , used replacement tires , and oil changes .	5	1
The document which had the stamp Protected B on every page detailed various security vulnerabilities of the NEMISIS database which is used by officers to track and prosecute environmental law-breakers .	3	4
Subject : Re : NASA IS A WASTE !	3	0
( 2 ) No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his property .	1	1
Zawahiri likely targeted Senators Daschle and Leahy to receive anthrax letters , in addition to various media outlets , because of the appropriations made pursuant to the " Leahy Law " to military and security forces .	7	1
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task ; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business .	6	2
Photographs from a seized computer disc included the controls and the locks on the door between the passengers and pilot .	4	2
Daniel Smith daniel.smith2@durham.ac.uk Durham University , United Kingdom	6	2
And , despite a disconcerting fall in labor 's share of income in recent decades , the long-run picture still defies Marx 's prediction that capitalism would prove immiserating for workers .	12	1
Perhaps we are only further complicating a matter which should really have left Parliament as quickly as possible once a decision had been reached .	18	1
The first recorded works of Shakespeare are Richard III and the three parts of Henry VI , written in the early 1590 s during a vogue for historical drama .	1	1
The islands are volcanic in origin and have a unique and sensitive habitat that supports many rare and endangered species .	10	1
Other pan-democrats elected were Leung Yiu-chung of NWSC and James To of the Democratic Party .	5	2
This attempt is normally referred to as mysticism .	3	1
Furthermore , it has transpired that research in the ports in Belgium , Finland , but also in Japan has shown that 50 % of containers with partially dangerous cargo are not delivered correctly for shipment .	20	2
He shook it , feeling the uncanny slenderness of her bones , and asked if her name was Norwegian .	3	0
A horn tooted to the right , and I saw the black people run . A heavy and dull detonation shook the ground , a puff of smoke came out of the cliff , and that was all .	29	1
We just happen to stumble across this little restaurant one day when we had to visit the Bexar County Tax Office off of Bandera Road .	0	4
Some of the corporate also get cheap air tickets because they tie up with some of the airlines for a certain period based on the discount and services they get from the airlines .	9	1
Sufaat used his company called Green Laboratory Medicine to buy items useful to Al Qaeda .	5	2
The feasibility study estimates that it would take passengers about four minutes to cross the Potomac River on the gondola .	17	1
I was experiencing severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit .	16	1
The censorship disposed of all undesirable opinions ; participation in public life had become practically impossible .	16	0
In Suwayrah , Kut Province , two car bombs were discovered before they could be detonated .	0	1
In 1970 Roland Barthes published S / Z , a detailed analysis of Balzac 's story Sarrasine and a key work in structuralist literary criticism .	10	2
Bangs said although the number of elk has not declined very much since the wolves came back , their behavior appears markedly different .	6	2
The titular hero of one of Shakespeare 's most famous tragedies , Hamlet , has probably been discussed more than any other Shakespearean character , especially for his famous soliloquy which begins " To be or not to be ;	10	2
Nevertheless this places Karzai in a difficult and sensitive situation because he has to maintain excellent relations with both the US and Iran .	0	1
My mother is sitting in the little examining room at the assisted living .	11	2
Sunlight was cut off , and fungi inherited the Earth .	8	2
Kevin A. Boone Accenture -- Houston Consultant -- Energy ( Octel ) 713.837.1638 ( Client ) 281.848.1619 ( C ) 713.306.7940 ( H ) 713.864.4149 Kevin.A.Boone@accenture.com	25	0
For heaven 's sake , let them have it , it 's someone else 's turn to burn the midnight oil there , now ...	4	0
A good cut !	2	2
Athens was just a small provincial village when it was chosen in the 1830s to serve as the national capital of the modern Greek State .	17	2
Monday , May 18 , 2015	3	1
My spirits recovered , and as soon as I had got into my habit , I followed him to the garden I have already told about .	12	3
87 - Percentage of Humvees in Iraq not equipped with armour capable of stopping AK - 47 rounds and protecting against roadside bombs and landmines at the end of 2003 .	29	1
As Rogers notes , " Balzac was interested in any social , political , or economic theory , whether from the right or the left .	6	6
But realizing this potential requires improving the business climate across the economy as a whole and within individual sectors – particularly by addressing the endemic corruption and weak rule of law that are deterring foreign and domestic investors alike .	34	1
That 's all you can really ask from a car dealer and Michael and Barrett hit all 3 .	16	1
Unlike distributed computing projects like SETI @ home , Stardust @ home relies entirely on human intelligence .	17	0
The American laws forbidding interracial marriage , now struck down , were clearly discriminatory .	6	0
The education is horrible at best , do society a favor , and do NOT send your student here .	19	0
But , before hand in middle school , I kept on hearing about this guy named Mario , and he kept on hearing about me , this girl named Isabel .	10	1
All the talks about nationalities , etcetera , well , the new age has very little patience for history .	8	1
Steve .... proud Range Rover Sport owner ( with rear tints )	4	2
Some Armenian prelates have joined us for coffee and take part in the discussion .	0	1
I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker ... and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me ... " the inspection guy is n't here today " .... for example .	25	0
He traveled under an alias and was accompanied by a former US Army sergeant named Ali Mohammed .	8	1
remember to visit with him while he is in the room , and tell him how good he is .	14	5
I would appreciate it if , on the close of this item of business , I might be allowed to give an explanation of vote on behalf of my Group .	6	1
It 's all the same thing .	6	0
At the same time , it pleased him to know that Stillman also had a red notebook , as if this formed a secret link between them .	15	1
2,500 - Number of public - diplomacy officers employed by the State Department to further the image of the US abroad in 1991 .	8	2
" Nonetheless he often spent long periods at Château De Saché , near Tours , the home of his friend Jean De Margonne , his mother 's lover and father to her youngest child .	3	1
We are following up with Sue and Robbie on a couple legal issues , case law and MSA self - certification language , and let me know if you have additional items .	27	1
U.S. industrialist Andrew Carnegie started a hero fund in 1904 after being inspired by rescue stories from a mine disaster that killed 181 people .	17	2
The real Lockhart was wearing robes of forget-me-not blue which exactly matched his eyes ; his pointed wizard 's hat was set at a jaunty angle on his wavy hair .	19	2
Year with the Yeti by Gilderoy Lockhart	1	1
Overall , 2005 is sure to be a year you wo n't forget .	9	3
I 'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually , I 'm sure I do n't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me .	19	4
Riders accustomed to flat terrain may find Tulsa 's rolling land to be a bit more challenging , particularly during the heat of summer .	22	1
In the mid-town area the names are taken from colleges and college towns .	2	2
If the load was 99 tonnes there were probably less than 20,000 .	1	2
We are looking , therefore , within the Structural Funds programme not just to see industrial restructuring but also to see a wider improvement in the whole of the economic base within the Principality .	19	1
The loss of this opportunity caused serious discord in the Balzac household , although Honoré was not turned away entirely .	16	2
TDS meters ( the thrifty aquarist 's hardness meter can be used if one has seen one of your municipal water department 's annual reports .	10	2
Tape the bottom of the box securely so that it does n't give way .	10	6
Since Enron 's employees are assigned an SAP identification numbers ( P number ) and an HR number , could Enron as a company use these IDs instead of the SS numbers ?	4	4
We 've had a few since then , but none since our race horses began wintering in Florida .	2	2
‘’ There is much better tactical cooperation between our forces on both sides of the border , but the movement of Taliban still goes on both ways , ’’ he adds .	12	2
So anyone looking for an Excellent night out for Chinese or maybe just lunch should stop in and try it because I promise you 2 things --- You wo n't regret it !!	4	2
$ 200 m - Amount that the Bush - Cheney 2004 campaign expects to raise by November 2004 .	7	2
( A civic agent notices you noticing , and attaches itself to your infospace , whispering statistics —	12	2
I usually use ZebraKlub .	2	4
We were in Santa Fe for a special event and our hosts rented out the El Paradero for all their guests to stay at .	14	2
Joseph Manogue at Tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the draft ISDA doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original .	5	4
Marlow sat cross-legged right aft , leaning against the mizzen-mast .	8	2
These smaller companies either dispose of their cargo or mix it with other cargo , which causes problems .	11	1
Contrary to the Commission proposals , we must preserve the current procedure known as the Article 43 procedure .	4	2
Then I nearly fell into a very narrow ravine , almost no more than a scar in the hillside .	2	1
I do n’t dream about Renata , although when the dreams wake me up , it ’s thinking about Renata that keeps me awake .	16	6
I have never had better service .	2	1
The net social contribution of all of this " innovation " was negative .	8	0
- train / inform new staff and extend the training to sectors that have less benefited from the Pericles programme , namely financial agents , prosecutors and technical staff ;	8	2
We intend to see as many people as possible regarding EOL implementation .	6	2
Comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	12	0
British cavalry troopers also received excellent mounted swordsmanship training .	5	1
My pharmacy order is always correct and promptly delivered but the pharmacy staff are always very short with me and do n't seem to like answering questions .	15	1
Indeed , in 2013 , the Chinese services sector became the economy 's largest , surpassing the combined share of the manufacturing and construction sectors .	8	2
Two pan-democratic veteran politicians Lee Cheuk-yan of the Labour Party and Frederick Fung of ADPL were defeated in this constituency , with Junius Ho defeating Lee Cheuk-yan by around five thousand votes .	21	1
This contact with the West during the 16th century lead to a period of profound economic growth as lucrative trade routes were established .	10	1
He warned water levels could still rise .	4	2
These people can be a great source of potential pain , and this article is here to help you sort the arrogant from the not-so-arrogant .	2	2
would it help getting an aquarium cage or a plastic see through box so it ca nt escape i can buy it a wheel	18	4
It appears you missed some cpys on the referenced list because Tom had the freeze panel button on , and you probably did n't see them at first .	11	2
Even though you may not want to use them , it will give you some idea of what it might cost and what is fair .	6	1
All of the people were friendly and welcoming .	5	1
So can somebody please list ALL of the food that includes the game pieces , and the number of game pieces you get with THAT FOOD !	5	1
Suicide murders are not a new invention but they have been made popular , if I may use this expression , only lately .	20	0
the difference is that when a bomb goes off in a West End restaurant the fundamental right of England to exist is not in dispute .	5	2
This threat exists not merely on a military level , though China could force a confrontation in the Pacific by way of Taiwan .	4	1
Because I have the clear sensation that with this way of thinking , they wait the praise of some ideologized supporters .	11	1
She ’s got Alzheimer ’s .	0	5
Remember to notify the local policeman , or Ministry of Fisheries officer if you are entering New Zealand via the Chathams .	11	2
Some scholars claim that members of Shakespeare 's family were Catholics , at a time when Catholic practice was against the law .	4	2
The constituency is in the council area of North Kesteven , where 62 % of voters backed leaving the EU .	18	2
Here is the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday .	14	1
Attached is the referenced agreement .	4	2
Hapupu National Historic Scenic Reserve .	3	2
are the moors and penines in Yorkshire a lonely eerie place ?	11	0
The newspaper " Die ZEIT " first inquired with the real estate business about its dubious cash flows and the threat of insolvency in July .	25	0
By and by I open a paperback and try to lose myself in mere politics .	7	1
He will learn to really like this .	7	0
While many mousers are great pets as well , not all are .	7	1
Moral of the story : Do n't drink Coke .......... drink Pepsi !	3	2
Ron had gone a nasty greenish colour , his eyes fixed on the house .	12	2
Muslims are required to make a pilgrimage to Mecca during their lifetimes , if physically or financially possible , as it is one of the five pillars of the Islamic faith .	20	5
Prominent Builders in New Jersey are one the best building contractors , I was referred to them by my friend , I am so glad I used them for my Home renovation , and addition .	27	4
We 've had a crate made to transport Fritzi , and she 's been trying it on him .	13	2
This is the year you 'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you 're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life .	20	2
However the CBD is closed of to the public as a lot of it is still rubble and stuff and has n't been cleared away yet .	2	2
I called them back a few hours after putting my Bodhi down and they still would n't budge .	14	1
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one .	11	4
But there are strong hints in the country that a new Indo - Sri Lanka defense deal could be in the making .	10	1
Finally , the " Hatfill theory " seems to have been exhausted or at least lost public favor .	2	2
That 's a tragedy for those populations , but it 's also a tragedy for the people eating them because they don't know that that 's toxic meat .	26	1
Who was that I do n't know ... one of the people from the plane ... a baldish fair man with an accent , I did n't catch the name .	26	1
Among the animals that were available to touch were pony's , camels and EVEN AN OSTRICH !!!	8	4
A similar entity ( 1179 ) was assigned to Commodity and Trade ( Todd Richards and Mary Fischer ) so this one should be assigned to them as well .	7	3
I hardly know myself . Quinn gave Auster an honest look .	0	4
They can help you and it is close to a train station in Calcutta so check a few big ones ?	11	2
St François if you go at the eastern point of Guadeloupe , you will reach La Pointe des Chateaux , a scenery made of sand and rocks which have vaguely the shape of a castle .	26	2
Could one of you please email me a copy of the standard template you use for Enfolio gas purchase agreements ?	4	1
The limestone plateau and the Hagghier Mountains are the richest areas for endemic plant species , but endemics are found throughout the island in every type of vegetation .	18	4
The brochure for the Conference and associated Workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below : < http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf > << http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >>	20	0
Which wonderful contact of mine is thumbs upping all my best answers ^^ ?	7	1
Messages will not be delivered simultaneously to all users in the same domain , nor will they be delivered for two to five hours after they are sent by the message administrator .	23	2
These Hasidim choose not to know .	1	2
As we 're getting more and more of those agreements , I 'd like to add a template in Global Contracts .	13	2
10 - Number of days that the Pentagon spent investigating a soldier who had called the President " a joke " in a letter to the editor of a Newspaper .	26	2
The workers sped up and down the street with no mind to the small children playing .	12	2
Hopefully they spice things up or they wo nt be in business long .	3	2
Thirty years of hard work , planting and harvesting in the kibbutz .	6	2
We look forward to your response .	4	2
Microsoft Access provides several techniques to help you analyze data .	10	0
Everyone was very nice .	1	6
We have attended A Ward Dance Centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we are taught Ballroom and Latin as well as the fun filled social dance evening held every Saturday evening ....	10	2
When the dancers start the step with the beat of " dhin , dhin ... " , the mental ideation should also be kept .	3	4
Very briefly , I would like to thank the various Members for their interventions and to tell you that safety is one of the Commission 's priorities in the field of transport .	24	2
The difference is when the cat hisses , that means they are annoyed and they want the other cat to go away .	16	2
I like that something will be a bit of secret , or even unreliable narrator : someone tells something and first you trust him but then you read more and you become thrilled by everything .	30	3
Start up your filter ( sponge filters are the best for bettas ) and put in a heater and set it to anywhere between 78 - 82 .	8	2
In Suwayrah , Kut Province , two car bombs were discovered before they could be detonated .	16	0
These include two operas by Giuseppe Verdi , Otello and Falstaff , whose critical standing compares with that of the source plays .	7	0
As far as being treated like a drug seeker , that has not been my experience .	5	1
Now , people wonder if Google can even survive .	2	2
One week after that declaration , ONLY ONE WEEK LATER , Brian Epstein , forger of the Beatle farce , died from an overdose .	20	4
I packed six loaves of flatbread , some olives , a hard cheese , one nice dress , walking clothes , my pills and glasses , a jug of wine , a can-teen of water , and a kitchen knife .	4	1
You can filter fields in the row , column , and detail areas .	13	0
George Bush : Lawman	0	2
It included three tracks cowritten with Rafferty 's brother Jim , also a singer - songwriter , who had been signed to Decca Records in the 1970s .	6	2
Richard B Sanders	0	2
In Microsoft Access , you can use a connection file to bind one or more data access pages to a data source .	21	2
... a drop in the birth rate , a deterioration in women 's reproductive health , an increase in complications during pregnancy and birth , and a deterioration in neonatal health ....	1	2
The other Canadian recipient of the medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford , 42 , of Hamilton , who was killed Aug. 4 , 2002 , while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife .	19	3
According to a couple sources , the world record for the oldest cat was a cat in Devon , England who reportedly live to the age of 36 .	11	2
It 's helpful to know a quite a bit about bull fighting .	11	2
Not like that room you had with the Muggles .	2	2
Barón de Claret , the only one in Government with a noble title .	0	2
Spain had expelled its Sephardic population in 1492 ; many of these Spanish Jews left Spain for Portugal but eventually were targeted there as well .	11	2
The 26 so-called " Dark Lady " sonnets , addressed to a married woman , are taken as evidence of heterosexual liaisons .	21	2
( The heat increases their " production " of musk . )	3	6
i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice , and in used gerbil bedding .	1	4
The Hatfill Theory ironically might best be understood as an Al Qaeda theory , with a coincidental Malaysian connection adding to the other circumstances .	19	1
Mr. ARCHIBALD : I mean , at that time , I was 28 ; George would have been 25 or 26 .	12	1
I felt as if I should help her sleep .	7	5
The wine was warm , but an early-hours-of-the-morning rain came out like sweat , and coolness blew in on necks and faces .	12	2
But last April , the rebels abruptly pulled out of negotiations demanding recognition , first , for the right to self - rule before proceeding any further .	4	2
Islamabad accuses New Delhi of using its consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train Balochi insurgents who are active in Pakistani Balochistan .	9	2
The above applies to the Derivative Work as incorporated in a Collective Work , but this does not require the Collective Work apart from the Derivative Work itself to be made subject to the terms of this License .	10	3
A thoroughly comprehensive service ; excellent communication and best of they are transparent with their fee ( ie nothing is simply implied or assumed ) .	12	1
The bill reduces ISS operations by $ 120 million due to the continued reduced capability of the ISS for at least half of FY05 .	9	1
He reemerged in September 1859 , laying claim to the position of Emperor of the United States .	9	2
He was in the process of making me a pie and when I got home , the pie was the worst I have ever seen .	14	1
Instead , there are boys stern and joyous , galloping hell-bent on their donkeys toward the Lions ' Gate .	5	1
If possible , can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5 ?	6	2
The way the tax law works , the tax basis for your share distribution will be based on the closing stock price the day preceding notification to the transfer agent .	0	2
Summers can be very warm and with the cold wind across the plains it can get very cold in the winter , but it does not last long .	22	1
Set aside an area of the house where you can put all the packed boxes .	6	2
It has major airlines with direct flights to major cities in the U.S.	4	1
Rumor also had it some renegade biologist brought a caged pair to Yellowstone and released them into the wild sometime in the 1970s , hoping to reestablish a breeding population .	8	2
After a couple of weeks I got tired of them .	5	4
The in - service date of May 1 , will be very difficult to attain .	12	1
The gender gap is real , and in some cases it is extreme .	9	2
3 . I expect at least one EPC contract per project .	0	0
Phil if you could please make copies and distribute ASAP .	7	1
Abby needs to fly to New York twice a month for these treatments , and her time on the Federal Grant program has expired .	22	6
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	7	2
If you have any questions please call me on x34703	9	2
We never had to worry about a thing , and they led the way the whole time .	2	4
All ,	1	0
The bus is obviously the cheaper option , and travelling up from Buenos Aires the trip is a full 20 hours , although the buses are very comfortable with spacious reclining seats .	13	2
Ashdown Horse Transport were fantastic !	5	0
Hopefully they spice things up or they wo nt be in business long .	2	4
Anyway , I tried to get a preorder but no places were selling it so I missed out on 2/3 weekend events .	7	2
Language : Its Nature , Development and Origin ( 1922 ) is considered by many to be his masterpiece .	19	0
GREAT Store GREAT Service !	4	0
She flicked her wand casually at the washing-up in the sink , which began to clean itself , clinking gently in the background .	13	4
8 . Where is the defined term Govt Authority used ?	0	0
To my friend , thank you for your recommendation ... you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a " Saintly Instructor ... Absolutely Simple the Best Instructor and Best Driving school there is !	0	1
My experience with Home Delivery Service has been one of disappointment and anger .	9	1
Finally , we ask that the Commission ensures that Structural Fund monies are spent in a way which is transparent .	19	1
We felt we made it better because it introduced a process for review and refund . "	1	4
Ok so if youre snake will take pre-killed , you can " gas it " .	2	1
We have Hobby Lobby , Just for Fun Fabrics , Walmart , and Interior Mall just inside Barling .	13	2
Service and Client base not ok .	4	1
How can I make my password strong ?	5	2
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task ; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business .	23	2
The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter , the president of the Independent System Operator , acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .	14	1
The units may only work for a short time because mice can become used to them . [ 4 ]	2	2
Walt Whitman , the first great American poet , wrote about the Civil War .	2	0
Dash it all ! I thought to myself , they ca n't trade without using some kind of craft on that lot of fresh water – steamboats !	13	1
By 1800 , he was firmly enshrined as the national poet .	6	2
They have minor leaguers at second and short , and Brooks ca n't keep his mind on the game .	13	2
49 - Percentage of Americans in April 2004 who found that their taxes had actually gone up since Bush took office .	4	2
Instead , there are boys stern and joyous , galloping hell-bent on their donkeys toward the Lions ' Gate .	18	2
The paper taste of the wafer was still in my mouth and I took a deep breath of the leather .	14	2
I used to live at Meadowrun and that was a nightmare .	6	1
Fernley / Sally	1	0
he will explore the room , mark everything with his cheek , and try to make it feel like his territory .	5	0
3 ) G. V. & A. Bourret 41 Broome St , # 1 Brooklyn , NY 11222 USA	13	2
I would very much like to know on what kind of scientific evidence the Greens are basing all these amendments .	11	1
The result was to swing a deeply divided society from the verge of civil war to an unprecedented sense of unity .	15	1
Although Israel withdrew from Lebanese territory in May 2000 , the radical Lebanese Shiite party , Hizbullah , has not been mollified .	3	1
We have attended A Ward Dance Centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we are taught Ballroom and Latin as well as the fun filled social dance evening held every Saturday evening ....	29	2
and she was always really shy to show that off to people , and I wanted to help her show that stuff , and I wanted to bring it out to the world .	31	2
His magnum opus was a sequence of short stories and novels collectively entitled La Comédie humaine , which presents a panorama of French life in the years after the 1815 fall of Napoleon Bonaparte .	18	6
Is n’t the answer to that question that wise decisions are made with a basis from memory ?	6	2
Understandably , Amerithrax is a confidential investigation .	7	0
The First World War brought about shifts and new developments in colonial politics .	0	2
You can only import a single document at a time into Access .	10	1
i am sure i could have persuaded you to give me some action .	12	2
The beverage was inspired by the santorum neologism coined in advice columnist Dan Savage 's column Savage Love in response to comments made by former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum about homosexuality ;	11	2
It is quite clear that many people within Wales are looking to the European Structural Funds programme to alleviate some of the great difficulties that we undoubtedly face .	16	2
Food like the stuff they eat in Spanish countries like tacos , beans , rice , pork , steak , ect .	7	1
By the time of Romeo and Juliet , Richard II , and A Midsummer Night 's Dream in the Mid-1590s , Shakespeare had begun to write a more natural poetry .	9	1
To one side of him was the park , green in the morning sun , with sharp , fleeting shadows ; to the other side was the Frick , white and austere , as if abandoned to the dead .	22	2
Quinn did all his writing with a pen , using a typewriter only for final drafts , and he was always on the lookout for good spiral notebooks .	20	1
It was their owl , a youngster who had hatched out down in the field and was heard every night .	0	1
I 'm still here . Sort of .	2	1
Records show that on Oct. 31 , power generators and electricity traders filed letters with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , demanding that the new plan be killed .	26	2
For the next hour Quinn alternated between dialing and waiting , always with the same result .	9	2
Turkey and Thailand are mired in political crises that reflect long - simmering domestic conflicts .	9	5
Scallops were overcooked and the foie gras was cold but the rest of the food was lovely .	2	1
that the citizen has not that protection of person and property which he is entitled .	10	2
when i watched werewolf in london ( great film ) that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors .	2	4
Neil Davies	0	2
Steve Whitmore , a representative for the LA Sheriff 's office , told LA Weekly in a statement that the case involving Montalvo was being dealt with as charges relating to grand theft .	27	1
Rotorua is fine .	0	2
He 'd just randomly walk up to you and start the biting .	11	2
The problem with this argument is that Bush lacked the experience necessary to be president when he ran in 2000 , so this sort of cheap shot just hoists him by his own petard .	28	6
Each of those 10 million have families , friends , neighbors ... and so closer and closer does the We interface with the You .	9	0
it s kind of expensive though	5	1
However , if you 're allowed another option and you want a small - town feel , then head to Edinburgh , Scotland .	8	1
Outside of parking being at a premium , especially on discount days , The Laundry Tub is not filthy and it 's no smaller than any of a dozen laundromats I 've been in .	19	1
And , he did n't think he needed to know anything about South Asia , with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics -- the latter a dire security threat to the US .	10	2
Given the chance your cat may only have one kidney , I would think the worst case scenario would be kidney disease , which untreated can lead to possible renal failure .	18	2
I wo n't go to anyone else .	3	2
However , there will be very heavy rains and flooding along its path .	2	1
It all came to a panting standstill morning and evening without fail .	0	1
Some time ago ... a word in your ear , I said , you 'd be unwise to lose Brigadier Radcliffe .	16	1
RP : Is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really stupid ... ?	3	5
No doubt , in 2005 you 'll find yourself pushed more and more out into the world .	1	1
The price spikes pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need and want an easy way out .	16	4
We are the children of poverty , financial and spiritual .	6	0
We have to remember that rural areas represent almost four fifths of the territory of the European Union .	8	1
The Chair has already stated that the proposal was made in accordance with the Rules , so there are no grounds for changing anything .	18	4
It rained and people felt chilly on the veranda and drifted indoors .	4	4
One of the men was the manager .	5	2
Bulgaria and Romania accede to the decisions and agreements adopted by the Representatives of the Governments of the Member States meeting within the Council .	2	1
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .	2	4
Nice and quiet place with cosy living room just outside the city .	8	1
" Had it happened an hour later it would have been much worse , " Khaled Al-Maeena , editor at large at the Saudi Gazette , said .	12	2
Service was average , but nothing special , and restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do a better job of training their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly , not merely capable .	32	1
Has a location , Theirs or TW land / ROW , been settled and when is the required in - service date ?	17	2
Thunderstorms are rare , as the city reports thunder on just seven days per year .	7	6
It is also a fact that almost everybody in the region blames this situation on the United States , on Israel , on Western Civilization , on Judaism and Christianity , on anyone and anything , except themselves .	0	5
The next morning , and for many mornings to follow , Quinn posted himself on a bench in the middle of the traffic island at Broadway and 99th Street .	6	1
The price they gave was good so I said hey this seems great .	11	6
I did n't want any more loitering in the shade , and I made haste towards the station .	12	4
You can export just the data from a table , query , datasheet , form , or report into an XML file .	14	2
No son of an Arab politician or religious leader has ever blown himself up .	14	0
my female chameleon just laid eggs yesterday and today some of the eggs are soft when i mean soft i mean like not like ordinary chameleon eggs .	24	1
I do n't know about birding in that part of the world but you might possibly find help at this site : http://www.wildlifeofpakistan.com/PakistanBirdClub/index.html	7	2
If so , this happy band has not been heard from since .	1	1
I heard the name of Kurtz pronounced , then the words , ' take advantage of this unfortunate accident . '	16	2
The Obama administration needs to make this case more directly and forcefully to Congress .	14	0
Thank you ,	1	3
Second , he could not fully grasp that rising real material living standards for the working class might well go hand in hand with a rising rate of exploitation – that is , a smaller income share for labor .	15	2
Parts department blows , Service department is even worse .	5	2
You can add new filter fields or move existing fields to the filter area .	11	2
When annoying people on an elevator , keep your pranks lighthearted and fun as opposed to mean-spirited so that everyone leaving the elevator will have a pleasant story to tell .	19	2
Women usually have more childcare and household responsibilities than men , which make it difficult for them to devote as much time to farm work , or even to supervise hired labor .	32	0
Putin 's factotums claim that Ukraine 's Russian speakers are under threat , but they cannot point to a single example of persecution that might bear this out .	5	1
I am bringing two of my girlfriends from LJ .	7	1
you love it when i come over .	2	5
I hope you get your answer .	0	4
I have been suffering from back pain for over 12 years and have been to numerous specialists , physios , osteos and chiros with no help .	1	4
Do your self a favor and do not go to this establishment .	10	2
A replay of the Cold War would cause immense damage to both Russia and Europe , and most of all to Ukraine , which is situated between them .	26	1
The formalin is great for preserving structures , but for anemones , it prevents study of DNA or of the chemistry of the body .	14	2
Yes , poor old Shinza , that 's what everyone says .	6	2
The main aggregates in the implementation of Pericles are shown on Table 2 .	7	1
<< File : 220b - dg - Agreement for Recruiting Services.doc >> << File : 220a DG - Agreement for Contract Services.DOC >>	2	0
But will Posada be given up ?	0	1
And then in 2010 we just ... I do n't know what happened .	6	0
The overall amount was 6500 tonnes of canned tomatoes .	3	6
you know that both o'neal and matt are out ?	3	1
As he walked up Riverside Drive , he became aware of the fact that he was no longer following Stillman .	3	1
She used to make packages of sandwiches for Mweta to take with him when he cycled for miles about Gala province at weekends , speaking at meetings .	4	2
You can then select all the popular promotions from the Other group and create a new custom group that will be captioned Popular .	3	2
They were chased back into Laos and Cambodia with the ARVN in hot pursuit .	8	1
I forgot to tell you that I saw your friend on a re-run Jeopardy the other night and I almost called you but it came on at 11:30 .	15	1
He has returned from a voyage , he is out in the sun shining from the hills of Moab , he is drinking aquavit with a dear friend , looking over at Mount Zion .	34	0
He sat there impassively , reading the night-owl edition of the next morning 's Daily News .	1	4
1 . The pricing that we have given CRRA is specific to FuelCell Energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer ( i.e. , ONSI would be a lot more money ) .	30	2
Office 2002 site license ( user does n't have Office 2002 installed on computer , but user 's organization has an enterprise or site license agreement )	23	2
My canon t2i stops working at times as in the power bottom is switched to " on " but the camera does not respond to any function .	17	0
Attached for your further handling is the draft form Deemed ISDA between ENA and Ispat Mexicana S.A. de C.V .	0	3
I 've read the materials you sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately .	15	1
It is crucial to stop Saudi and other financial support of the outer circle , which is the fertile breeding ground of terror .	17	2
Why 're you staring at the hedge ? he said suspiciously .	5	2
And George Bush and James Baker , secretary of state , agreed that NATO would not expand one inch to the east .	15	2
I gave my name , and looked about .	7	1
Lee was making his final Canadian convention appearance , part of a larger farewell tour .	7	2
Tangipahoa Parish sheriff 's deputy Christopher Blair Labat , 24 , was booked Tuesday on one count of aggravated rape and one count of crime against nature .	15	1
Unless New Delhi does better in providing security to its own nationals against rebels , secessionists , drug runners and arms traffickers , it will not generate much confidence in the capitals of surrounding nations .	21	2
( That was in 2002 , the year before the invasion of Iraq . )	9	2
Per our conversation a few minutes ago , attached please find the revised Stipulation .	12	2
He knows his bees !	1	6
There was a long shocked silence when he had finished .	7	5
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they had n’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .	9	2
The most popular lodging is actually camping on the beaches .	10	0
He does have toys , a scratching post , LOTS of mice , balls , yarn , a feathery birdy toy , etc .	0	5
These global standards also should enable Enron to expand its business reach more quickly , with well defined requirements with regard to trading operations .	4	2
It is next to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to Sacre Coeur which is excellent for shopping .	15	1
The elderly servant who brought ice and lemon had the nicks at the outer corner of the eyes that Northern Gala people wore .	17	2
I was very excited that a salon was opening in Lewiston , as I live in Youngstown .	17	0
Tasmania was excluded from the study - where an voluntary iodine fortification program using iodised salt in bread , is ongoing .	13	1
It was as though Stillman 's presence was a command to be silent .	8	2
Be sure to ring the little bell on your way out if you enjoyed your meal !	12	3
Additionally , when there was confusion ( my fault ) , they left me flowers along with a personalized gift .	14	2
However , the breakdown between him and Linares and the discontinuation of the progressive line provoked the Revolution of Vindication which overthrew him in 1879 .	11	1
These islands sit aside the vital sea lanes of the Strait of Malacca , through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily , bringing in oil for the Far East and Southeast Asia .	6	2
Then , in 1973 , as Bush made plans to leave the Guard and go to Harvard Business School , he again started showing up frequently .	15	1
On September 12 , 1992 , Coron was finally reduced by the official creation of the Municipality of Culion .	7	6
" What was wanted was an elite to underpin the rulers , themselves in turn supported and buttressed by a population which presumably understood , approved , and legitimated the aims of such an elite .	23	3
It will also give us a future in the two very important industries that we can not ignore and ensure Europe 's future prosperity .	8	2
when it came to the joinery she knew we could fix that later .	13	0
China 's strong hand in this even extends to the diplomatic realm ; China is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council , and could veto any actions against Iran proposed by the United States .	0	2
I am hopeful that we are ready to prepare execution copies .	7	1
The cardinal numbers included in this study were only one through five in order to avoid additional item variability , but larger numbers should be included in future research .	19	0
Unemployent stays low because half the population oversees those " out of the workforce " , the dregs , the rabble , the enemy ?	10	1
Feels like you are in Brooklyn , but people watching is entertaining .	6	0
With the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911 , Mongolia under the Bogd Khaan declared independence .	13	2
You can get peppermint oil in most health food stores and even some major grocery stores . [ 2 ]	1	2
$ 46 m - Amount the Bush administration has budgeted for port security in 2005 .	9	2
The country elected its first female President , Park Geun - hye , in 2012 .	10	0
There were things in the shadows ; a metal pail , a mop , rags .	14	2
We pointed out to the PX that there was excess credit .	11	0
When I first get on I take 1 leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with my heel and hold it there for 1 lap at a walk around a large dressage arena .	7	1
He had no genius for organizing , for initiative , or for order even .	0	5
The former leader of the Egyptian Al - Gamaa al - Islamiya ( " Islamic Group " ) , he was also a spiritual leader of Al Qaeda .	7	0
Please let me know about your availability and if it is possible to meet with more than one of you in one place .	14	1
At this time we are putting together small working groups to validate some of our assumptions and refine our initial service offerings .	16	1
If this coincides with rising interest rates and a setback in the housing market , American consumers will experience the hardest times since the Great Depression . "	2	6
Can we get some help on the IBM issues ?	4	2
Learn to get ready for practicing , the basic positions , and some of the first techniques you 're likely to encounter in ballet .	16	2
Just my opinion here - no judgement - getting your snake on frozen / thawed will prove to be much easier for you and safer for your snake in the long run .	11	1
In his last phase , he wrote tragicomedies , also known as romances , and collaborated with other playwrights .	18	2
He was a young man , lean , fair , and morose , with lanky hair and a shuffling gait .	9	0
I think that the re pretty good .	2	1
They did nt take x - rays they offered them but i just could nt afford any more treatment .	7	4
Web posted at : 3:29 p.m. EST ( 2029 GMT )	0	2
It is particularly important in the light of reports in the media that Europe is rapidly losing ground to the US in the hi-tech growth industries of the future .	15	1
I think that ’s why they immersed themselves in pattern and colour .	9	2
I should just like to confirm that the Commissioner and the French Minister for Europe are both agreed on that point .	1	2
I 've dined at lots of high - end restaurants and I 've never before felt my money was so well spent .	17	2
No injuries or deaths were reported in the attacks from either side , but South Korea evacuated about 80 people in the town of Yeoncheon after at least one shell landed near the area .	1	2
The motion to compel is now scheduled for Dec. 12 at 2 p.m .	2	1
USDA employee Johnelle Bryant first told us , in sensational detail , of Atta 's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster .	1	2
But some security experts raised questions about the need for the course and the intent behind it .	0	1
Your Santorum cocktail creation has already received media coverage from publications including ; The Brooklyn Paper , The New York Times , Jezebel , Metro.us , EDGE on the Net , and Instinct Magazine .	9	1
Where can I go on a first date ( adults ) ?	1	2
Just remember that death is not the end	4	6
XSL for Transformation ( XSLT ) is a specification that is currently under development by the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) , and supported by Access .	21	0
Finally , in this time of natural disasters , I would just like to mention the issue of the use of Structural Funds .	1	0
Sometimes it is not worth it to go through that kind of staff and their personal attitude to get to a doctor .	13	1
What Harry found most unusual about life at Ron 's , however , was n't the talking mirror or the clanking ghoul : it was the fact that everybody there seemed to like him .	12	0
We are currently living a mile from the town in a house surrounded by fields but the new house is beside a busy road .	13	1
You still considering it ?	3	5
The expression sounded wonderfully odd , with its suggestion of sedentary desk-life .	4	1
For anyone who wants to see the capital in all its glory , November 's a great time to go .	3	6
They were usually situated next to the owner 's factory .	10	0
Below are some emails to friends explaining a little more about this effort .	8	1
Bray felt he must be somewhere about ; it was difficult to imagine this time without him .	4	2
As such , we will distribute net shares calculating the proper withholding at fair market value the day prior to notifying the transfer agent .	21	2
I 'm sure it 's terribly good , keeps the mind flexible .	3	1
Boutique stores dealing in children 's clothing / gifts are often outrageously priced ( who wants to pay 40 dollars for a newborn onesie ? )	0	2
At the back table sat two old men in shabby clothes , one very fat and the other very thin , intently studying the racing forms .	13	1
Norton initially made a living as a businessman , but he lost his fortune investing in Peruvian rice .	3	2
Once in a fever I heard thousands of birds outside my window and I was terrified that they would fling themselves through the glass and attack me , but it was only the rain on the eaves .	29	5
sketch out floor plan , estimate size , draw front view , side view , and 3d orthographic perspective views ,	0	3
On shore leave they wear civilian clothing now .	6	2
I am in the office so give me a call .	5	1
You do not need to call the embassies to get professional advice .	12	0
See the Tips section for suggestions .	5	2
We ca n't avoid being politicized ( to use a word as murky as the condition it describes ) because it is necessary after all to know what is going on .	16	1
I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft .	14	1
With Bush , the aggressive militarism of the Bush administration , as predicted , induced Russia to extend further its offensive military capacity ; it ’s still going on right now .	18	2
Anyway , I would appreciate ANY insight on this at all .	5	1
Dudley , who was so large his bottom drooped over either side of the kitchen chair , grinned and turned to Harry .	19	4
With population growth , new indigenous quarters were created .	4	1
Another thing non-locals do n't often realize is that Cleveland 's long history of industrial wealth has left it chock full of cultural riches as well as the beginnings of a " sustainable city ' movement .	5	1
This is about my farrier , girls .	5	0
Xinhua alleged that " Many of the Iraqis , who suffer the American occupation of Iraq , relate their case with that of the Palestinian people , under the Israeli occupation . "	27	1
For the past 25 years landlocked Afghanistan has suffered from constant interference from its neighbours - Pakistan , Iran and the Central Asian Republics - and regional powers - Russia and India .	3	1
He took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of his shoes ??	0	5
only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine .	3	4
It is never over , especially when a real solution , a real treatment for our sickness , is yet to begin .	21	2
Gloria was finally taken to the emergency department shortly before her death .	8	1
Scholars find evidence both for and against Shakespeare 's Catholicism in his plays , but the truth may be impossible to prove either way .	4	1
The term renaissance is in essence a modern one that came into currency in the 19th century , in the work of historians such as Jacob Burckhardt .	25	2
If anyone would like to be conferenced in or attend in person , please let me know .	1	2
Quinn suspected that Stillman 's red notebook contained answers to the questions that had been accumulating in his mind , and he began to plot various stratagems for stealing it from the old man .	25	1
I established the Renaissance Foundation in Ukraine in 1990 – before the country achieved independence .	2	2
He traveled to Florida to meet with Devocht , who had told Montalvo he would assist him with future employment and housing .	19	2
Judging by the fact that Draco Malfoy usually had the best of everything , his family were rolling in wizard gold ; he could just see Malfoy strutting around a large manor house .	6	2
see you there on court 10	3	1
They are at the national average in grade 4 and better than national average in grade 8 .	8	1
the kernel of the house was warm with oil-fired heating and the light from red shades ,	4	2
He may have been seen in Hamilton , Canada -- along with Egyptian al - Maati , who apparently also has received pilot training .	14	0
I 'm very busy with schoolwork , of course –	5	2
When property rights are ill-defined , as in the case of air and water , government must step in to provide appropriate Regulation .	7	1
The Mets bring the corners in for a force at home , or maybe they can get the double play if it 's hit up the middle .	1	2
If you have received this communication in error , please immediately notify us by telephone ( 713-546-5000 ) , and destroy the original message .	2	4
What are good B & W software 's Photography ?	1	4
I would like to host my upcoming website to Liquidweb.com	3	1
I am no fanatical defender of profits for pharmaceutical industry multinationals .	9	2
The main thing is to keep practicing .	2	2
The moves themselves are relatively straightforward , but the positing , the timing , and the elegance required takes a lifetime of practice .	16	2
However , I still do n't understand which date will be used to determine the value and calculate how many shares .	13	2
He was referred to me by a friend , who did n't have the best experience with Ted , but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end .	6	2
it must have good relations with both sides .	3	1
I would not have gone back , but I could n't find the particular tire they 'd used in stock anywhere else .	20	1
They 're the grand molecular disassemblers of nature - the soil magicians .	3	2
Nobody pays someone to keep their horse in shape and rides once a week , then takes all the ribbons at the show because their horse is good .	26	6
They have minor leaguers at second and short , and Brooks ca n't keep his mind on the game .	16	1
Lunar landers and other gear needed for extended visits to the moon will be lofted by gargantuan launchers as big as the Apollo - era Saturn 5 , the most powerful rockets ever flown .	30	1
Do n't give these guys a penny .	1	1
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task ; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business .	18	1
Xinhua alleged that " Many of the Iraqis , who suffer the American occupation of Iraq , relate their case with that of the Palestinian people , under the Israeli occupation . "	14	1
Also , not mentioned on Microsoft 's " The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown " site , are the numerous security vulnerabilities putting the browser at risk of being hacked .	21	1
Atop Spring Mountain , from the decks of the West porch , " one can see forever " a scene of unparalleled beauty and grandeur .	16	1
The staff is also just so pleasant to deal with .	5	1
They have the best prices locally and good customer service .	9	2
Attached is a spreadsheet that contains the values .	2	2
The minute the land was replaced by science , what is there to fight about ?	10	6
A page created using Microsoft Access 2000 must be converted before it can be used with Access 2002 .	0	2
I shook hands with this miracle , and I learned he was the Company 's chief accountant , and that all the bookkeeping was done at this station .	8	4
You wo n't even have time to read the entire menu before being asked to order and if you ask for more time your server will wait at the table .	17	1
My vet told me when a dog is vomiting a lot , it could be a sign of obstruction .	16	2
I never felt pain or discomfort .	1	1
No one online will be able to assist you more than your vet can .	13	2
The film chronicles the destruction of Carangi 's life and career as a result of her addiction to heroin , and her decline and death from AIDS in the mid-1980s .	20	1
I ca n't remember if you guys could do it or not .	2	1
Visit Capt. Spastic 's Joke List for all the information and options : < >	6	1
A second set of problems concerns the need to ensure that the economic system is perceived as fundamentally fair , which is the key to its political sustainability .	12	1
Plus , this region ranks fifth in the nation in number of major cultural resources per one million residents .	10	2
He has consistently linked immigration with unemployment , insecurity and criminality , as if evil always comes from elsewhere .	16	6
He was in the process of making me a pie and when I got home , the pie was the worst I have ever seen .	5	1
After every world war , the rules of international law have changed , and the same will happen after the present one .	3	2
I also think that the Commission 's proposals are better able to provide this guarantee of dynamic equilibrium .	4	2
I gave mine to a rest home for senior citizens and an old soldiers ' home .	15	2
In a bulletin , the FBI noted that the surveillance might relate to a plot to disperse a chemical or biological weapon .	2	2
We are thinking of adding a Patent Pending message to key EnronOnline pages ( like the homepage ) .	13	0
He could n't very well offer a work of the imagination to do that , could he ?	4	1
I do n't believe that folks who believe that America is the land of opportunity will change their views from this recent news .	19	1
My parents do not like me , They constantly reassure me that they will throw me out of home when I turn 18 .	22	1
It was just as though I had been let into some conspiracy – I do n't know – something not quite right ; and I was glad to get out .	26	1
But realizing this potential requires improving the business climate across the economy as a whole and within individual sectors – particularly by addressing the endemic corruption and weak rule of law that are deterring foreign and domestic investors alike .	38	1
The frequent reports from Algeria about the murders of hundreds of civilians in one village or another by other Algerians have nothing to do with Israel .	26	0
She ’s a strawberry blonde , slim , her skin blank and virginal as new butter .	10	1
Friday , August 15 , 2008	1	0
We carved out little squares for the ants to live in ( covered with old CD covers to prevent them escaping ! ) .	3	1
We all regret that the European Committee for Standardisation ( CEN ) has not been able , in the required time , to carry out the amendment of the provisions necessary for the required harmonisation within the European Union .	20	2
Such actions are mainly single - country or single - subject actions ( i.e. not eligible under Pericles ) and are systematically coordinated with Pericles by the competent service in the Commission in coordination with Member States .	8	1
Saddam Hussein did not invade Kuwait , endanger Saudi Arabia and butcher his own people because of Israel .	2	4
My family loves coming to Endo Sushi . They are very nice , it is never crowded , and the food is wonderful , very delicious and fresh !	21	6
The ACIA -- with participation by the United States , Canada , Denmark , Finland , Iceland , Norway , the Russian Federation and Sweden -- was begun in 2000 .	21	2
Well - when you pay over $ 1000 for something you want it to hold up and look good !!!	6	0
At the Pettigrews ' house that night , Dando 's voice came from the group round someone basting a sheep on the home-made spit : ... damn all except go fishing with his secretary acting ghillie ...	27	2
It 's the water pumped into the tanks for ballast and then pumped out again that pollutes the seas , says John .	8	1
List everything , big and small , that you have to do for your entire day ; break big activities into smaller bits if necessary .	9	4
You do n't think is was because of female nudes considering the nearly naked girls / women seen at pools and beaches and the completely naked manikins that show up in store windows in malls during changes in display ?	24	1
I have not had the patience to get it working - I will call you some evening and we can walk thru it .	11	4
When I get my hair done there , they use enough hairstyling products while it does not ruin your hair .	8	4
I sure like his style of writing .	4	2
Can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am ( Houston ) which is 11 am ( Sao Paulo ) on Friday , Sept. 17 ?	0	2
The term of office of one of the Judges of the General Court appointed in accordance with paragraph 1 shall expire on 31 August 2007 .	1	2
That s how they were caught .	3	4
In March 1613 he bought a gatehouse in the former Blackfriars priory ;	7	1
Dobby dissolved again into wails of gratitude .	1	2
Although Israel withdrew from Lebanese territory in May 2000 , the radical Lebanese Shiite party , Hizbullah , has not been mollified .	13	1
If all this is really happening , he said , then I must keep my eyes open .	2	2
" They ( electricity generators ) grinned and beared the $ 750 price cap , but this new plan by ISO was too much , " said Dunn , whose committee has been investigating since March .	27	2
You do n't ... there 's no such thing as " pause " in digital recording .	2	1
negotiation ( i.e. , emotional responses ) and tactical negotiation ( i.e. , cognitive , or reasoned responses ) .	3	0
I had the impression he 'll be ambassador to U.N.	6	2
Fertilize the plants .	3	0
I work for a large retail company recently expanding our operations into Canada and had to travel to ensure all of our computer network equipment was installed properly and on time .	6	2
I was very upset when I went to Mother Plucker , they had NO FEATHERS and the quality is TERRIBLE .	16	2
This person is not coming to visit you - the whole point of this scam is to gain your trust enough to steal your money and identity	15	6
I do n't want to wait till month end , let 's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order , let s take that value into June since it relates to July puts .	24	2
That is why the EU was hopelessly outmaneuvered by Russia in the negotiations with Ukraine over an Association Agreement .	11	2
Key EU programmes between 1989 , 1993 , 1994 and 1999 have certainly helped to improve the economic competitiveness of peripheral countries and Objective 1 regions within Europe .	23	2
There were 2 in our group , and a 3rd person was also in the parking lot waiting for this class .	6	0
It is n't made to tighten overly large shoes .	6	1
Mérida has a rich cultural life which also reflects its diversity .	4	1
Emails from Zawahiri to Atef in the Spring of 1999 indicate that Ayman was a close student of the USAMRIID anthrax program .	9	1
We all regret that the European Committee for Standardisation ( CEN ) has not been able , in the required time , to carry out the amendment of the provisions necessary for the required harmonisation within the European Union .	28	2
Founded by 4 Stanford University buddies , SUN is the acronym for Stanford University Network .	13	2
In fact , South Korean women participate in the labor force at roughly the average rate for the OECD while they are in their late twenties .	12	1
He said after 10 years of DNA testing on northern Rockies wolves , scientists have not found a single strain that did not belong to one of the wolves the agency released -- or their descendants .	10	2
No messages will reach the EES organization unless IBM agrees not to use their proprietary message delivery tool , WebSphere , and will use WebLogic instead .	7	1
First you need a compatible pair .	2	4
A full circularisation of inventory balances , and matching to source documentation within Enron	4	2
To help us better understand the problem , the World Bank and the ONE Campaign recently conducted an unprecedented analysis of the challenges facing women farmers .	2	3
If you do not have any religious beliefs , or are for another reason unwilling to appeal to your patron deity , skip this step .	18	2
The test itself is what is called a substitution test .	5	6
Nabeel Hussain , 21 , Waltham Forest Lest you be confused with the suspects from an earlier plot foiled in Canada a few months ago : Fahim Ahmad , 21 , Toronto ;	24	1
She trusts me , she ’s more my dog than anyone ’s , and she did n’t like it but for me she lay there .	22	5
I hope the above is clear .	5	1
The screw - up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean - counters ( and McNamara was nothing if not a bean - counter ) instead of soldiers in charge of the military .	4	6
Today , Ukraine needs a modern-day equivalent of the Marshall Plan , by which the United States helped to reconstruct Europe after World War II .	21	1
You can use the Import command ( point to Get External Data on the File menu ) to import XML data files into Access .	17	1
Come visit irc server : irc.yankeedot.net and join # audiobooks for sharing , discussion and a great trivia game !	2	2
Marcelo L. Meira Sr IT Developer Enron Networks - Houston , TX ( 713 ) 345-3436	5	2
In the past few days in Italy , several municipalities have started asking religious schools to pay taxes for property and local services , despite the resistance of the Catholic Church .	13	1
The new TW Hotline was implemented Monday which included customer notification in the form of a Popup message in TMS and a Critical Notice which sent an Email .	2	2
Former Russian bioweaponeer Ken Alibek has said that a key Russian scientist assisted Iraq and that Russia had the Ames strain .	1	1
Can you accept that the road we are travelling points toward a grim and painful future ?	13	1
" I am frankly revolted by the response of the Bush - Bashers ; " Sorry chaps , but you did have it coming ... "	10	2
Now , however , he is to go before the courts once more because the public prosecutor is appealing .	6	1
VERYYYY !!!! VERYYY !! Good auto repair men .	4	1
I 'm assuming it 's to scare off predators / like how they will puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies .	5	1
Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .	16	2
( I hope that the US army got an enormous amount of information from her relatives , because otherwise this move was a bad , bad tradeoff ) .	3	1
Thus , the leaders in charge of Al Qaeda 's anthrax production program had a close connection to those imprisoned in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Center .	12	2
There is a lot to learn about Chernobyl .	6	1
Pat down soil around the plants to eliminate air pockets .	9	2
In his will , Shakespeare left the bulk of his large estate to his elder daughter Susanna .	9	1
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned global warming , clean air , clean water , pollution or environment in his 2004 State of the Union speech .	18	2
Andy Haldane , one of the lieutenants Carney inherited at the BoE , has questioned the financial sector 's economic contribution , pointing to " its ability to both invigorate and incapacitate large parts of the non - financial economy .	32	1
All the carriers were speaking together , and in the midst of the uproar the lamentable voice of the chief agent was heard ' giving it up ' tearfully for the twentieth time that day ...	20	2
Thanx ,	1	0
We need for interviewers to commit either to the morning ( 9 am - 12 pm ) or afternoon ( 2 pm - 5 pm ) complete session .	17	1
Mr President , Commissioner , I should first like to congratulate Mr Koch on his reports which , though technical , are nonetheless of very great significance for safety .	18	1
This is a nice place , and I know we will return to meet my sister - in - law from Chicago !!	17	1
However there are many MLAs with deeply - held religious beliefs who oppose any new legislation .	0	1
Dentist you can trust	3	2
Say after I finished those 2 years and I found a job .	11	2
Very sad too since NASA 's astronaut's may not fly in the next five years .	0	1
We start with the headline and then flesh out the story , as opposed to The New York Times , which writes the issue and then has a headline editor to make it snappy .	33	1
43.6 m - Number of Americans without health insurance by the end of 2002 ( more than 15 per cent of the population ) .	13	1
Do not water the cutting for the first month .	1	2
As for Ted , things are still going well although I have n't see him at all this week ( we are two very busy people ) .	10	4
No need to give up wicked cakes when you toss the eggs , butter , and milk !	11	2
Depending on the adjusters , you may be able to leave them a little loose too .	1	1
He pointed excitedly at the tenpound notes in Mr Granger 's hand .	0	5
i 'm doing a report on how afghanistan and Vietam are different and alike .	5	1
To sign up for a brand new account , enter your name , birthday , gender , and email address into the form on www.facebook.com .	8	0
If even a modicum of normality and security can be returned to Iraq , its citizens will be able to benefit from the country 's petroleum reserves .	10	3
In the time it takes me to explain she grasps and loses the words , grasps and loses phrases as they go past .	15	6
Neither the facts nor the deformations , the insidious platitudes of the media ( tormenting because the underlying realities are so huge and so terrible ) , can be screened out .	31	0
It 's all about the $$$ .	6	0
Find anything , Dad ? said Fred eagerly .	6	2
For the Pro-Beijing camp , Elizabeth Quat of DAB was elected with 58,825 votes , the highest in the constituency .	0	1
He 's just been to Denmark or somewhere because his mother died .	5	2
On the pilot 's advice they were moved farther into port by two tugs .	12	1
But we also want to create a range of additional incentives , for instance through the ten-year market exclusivity right .	19	2
The ACIA -- with participation by the United States , Canada , Denmark , Finland , Iceland , Norway , the Russian Federation and Sweden -- was begun in 2000 .	8	2
I would actually send them the draft Development Agreement a couple days after the LOI .	4	4
Al - Qaeda wants them , Iran wants them , Russia wants the better ones , and all the US wants is to give them all a piece of coal .	19	2
When you export data from Access to an XML file , you choose to save the structure of a form or report into a ReportML format .	12	4
BC Gas wo n't sign the confirms with the rep in , and this has caused much difficulties .	6	2
When I was a young man in Air Force ROTC I was chosen to attend a unique Pilot Training Program called Euro- NATO Joint Jet Pilot Training .	1	4
Wilson was claiming that he had been working for the CIA when he sold the C - 4 to Quaddaffi .	5	4
Why not just take your chances and do it your way ?	9	2
The minute the land was replaced by science , what is there to fight about ?	3	2
Because of an international medical convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as our meetings , the Grand Hyatt unfortunately is already booked .	2	2
May seem a little silly , but , taking a long ride on the Metra system or the " L " system is a great way to see the city and sites without spending a fortune .	36	0
We have limited time What are the best sights to see , geiven that we only have a short time ?	5	4
In the winter , they will usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation - like state called brumation , which is characterized by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity .	30	0
I thought it would be a good idea to see how a few that I liked would look like on a model ( by looking the dress up online ) .	6	1
When you move a field that has custom groups between row and column areas , the custom group fields that are based on the field move with the field .	22	1
I called it Character , walks and words .	8	0
Many free concerts , performances and other events are held daily .	5	1
The Canadian garrison of 501st Legion returned with their setup of photo-ops , with proceeds to the Make-A-Wish Foundation .	16	2
He was able to tap into the human condition and the situation at that time .	1	6
Brooms can be a hindrance however , so feel free to not use brooms .	8	2
Full name of the father is : " Nguyen Thanh Luan " ===> Full name of the son / daughter certainly is " Nguyen .......... " , for instance , " Nguyen Thi Thuy Lan " .	28	2
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to work , to free choice of employment , to just and favourable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment .	10	1
Should you have any questions , feel free to call me .	6	3
IEP will be hosting a dinner for California Governor Gray Davis on Thursday , December 7 , 2000 at the historic Julia Morgan House in Sacramento .	15	1
But the terms that Russia is demanding , if accepted by the West , would fatally undermine Ukraine 's sovereignty ;	11	2
You can group based on the first n characters of the individual items .	11	1
He paid no attention to my explanations , and , playing with a stick of sealing-wax , repeated several times that the situation was ' very grave , very grave . '	21	2
The night I drove back home , I found that the rear window has some leakage .	14	1
You can buy authentic looking brooms to make the game more realistic .	7	2
COMMUNICATION FROM THE COMMISSION TO THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND TO THE COUNCIL concerning the implementation and continuation of the Pericles programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting .	0	2
He stressed , however , that NASA would not follow this week 's Chinese mission through formal channels .	3	1
Winter , who in his position as president and chief operating officer of the ISO , submitted a 50 - page emergency request , asking federal officials to abolish the $ 250 price cap .	2	1
There was a smell of woodsmoke ;	4	1
" But it may be that BA and IAG have cracked it and can offer something vaguely reliable . "	15	2
And , I can say , this was one of my favorite places to eat in all of Richmond .	17	1
To encourage participation , the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development ( EBRD ) could invest in companies alongside foreign and local investors , as it did in Central Europe .	26	5
It can also be dangerous if you use toxic chemicals and poisons .	12	0
Food - very good for a midnight meal that is n't fast food .	12	2
of course , it was only in the wizarding world that he had money ; you could n't use Galleons , Sickles , and Knuts in Muggle shops .	6	1
In the developing world , too , the vast majority of people have started to experience sustained improvement in living standards and are rapidly developing similar growth expectations .	26	2
I also had a pedicure , and they cut my nails too short , one of my big toes looks like it s getting infected .	24	1
Separate the colors of Skittles that you want to flavor the vodka with .	12	1
Afterwards as the evening faded he cleaned the gun almost by feel and the clean , practical smell of gun-oil conveyed the simple satisfaction of the task .	20	4
the silky colours of Olivia 's things ... the rugs , cherry- and satin-wood pieces ... and the red earth pots , bits of beadwork , the two fine carvings they once found in the Congo .	19	2
Ideally , the password you select should be easy for you to remember but hard for someone else to figure out .	1	0
Cleveland is a culturally diverse city on the shores of Lake Erie , one of the Great Lakes , in Cuyahoga County , Ohio , USA .	23	2
" Snowman did n't think anything of Johnny Carson getting a step ladder and sitting back to front on him , " he adds .	18	1
Itinerary Both ships go to Caribbean Islands like Jamaica , Grand Cayman , Cozumel , St. Thomas , the Bahamas and St. Martin / St. Maarten .	23	0
After the Russian Revolution in 1917 , some countries , such as Finland , Poland and the Baltic States , won their independence .	19	0
Lay a Twister mat on the floor and ask people if they want to play .	6	2
Regarding how long the beverage will be made available , Stan remarked to The Brooklyn Paper , " We 'll keep it around until he ’s irrelevant . I hope he ’s there the whole way " .	33	2
Sheltered employment all these years , what d' you expect ?	10	0
And it has , because it is spring and inside the ground something is stirring .	14	2
In 1821 Balzac met the enterprising Auguste Lepoitevin , who convinced the author to write short stories , which Lepoitevin would then sell to publishers .	8	0
It solaced him to know that he had an alternate plan if things went awry .	5	1
K.C. Maurer , chief financial officer and treasurer at the Andy Warhol Foundation , said 500 institutions received the initial invitation and currently 190 universities have accepted one or more donations .	31	0
Wikinews reporters attended the opening and spoke to donors , exhibit organizers and patrons .	0	2
Bill over at The Fourth Rail has an excellent essay on how the MSM and the UN , even the leftist countries in Europe , are basically accepting terrorist organizations as legitimate forms of a political party :	20	1
In Suwayrah , Kut Province , two car bombs were discovered before they could be detonated .	6	1
Tonight , I called several times with no answer ( Btwn 5:30 and 6 pm ) and finally drove there to place my order in person .	20	1
If you do not wish to receive such e-mails in the future or want to know more about the BBC 's Email a Friend service , please read our frequently asked questions .	0	1
When I ask my mom she says she will never let a snake in her house .	14	4
I ’d said my prayers , talking a long time as usual with my Maker and thinking about some of the great mysteries the Father of Lights had revealed to me .	0	4
Dee :	1	0
Friendly responses .	2	0
It 's light proof and makes sure you get no problems when opening the camera .	1	6
In the meantime , could you please provide a contact on your side with whom we could discuss technical issues ?	16	2
The mangers also play a classic movies on Sundays , you can get a beer in the lobby , and repeat customers can get discounts if they have a member card .	19	1
With the development of artificial twines the sisal boom ended , and Mérida slowed to a more sleepy provincial capital until development picked back up in the late 20th century .	14	1
These people are dangerous wether they 're head - banging to ' Canibal Corpse ' or humming along to ' Onward Christian Soldiers ' .	23	0
Provided me with warm blanket and has soft music playing .	7	1
Habitat destruction vastly increases an area 's vulnerability to natural disasters like flood and drought , crop failure , spread of disease , and water contamination .	10	2
" You 'd have to do everything their way , no options given . "	2	4
Leave the straps fastened and twist-tied to the bib when you throw them in the dryer .	14	2
Respondents were allowed to choose one response from 11 categories .	0	2
East along I-580 and not far from Piedmont Avenue are two neighborhoods separated by a couple of blocks .	0	1
Allegedly , Thomas ' sister pleaded with him to send Gloria to a conventional medical doctor , but he replied " I am not able to do that " .	1	0
I am a member of the design group that has been developing the American Arbitration Association 's dispute management systems and services for eCommerce B2B transactions .?	24	2
Maybe even try to get your mom to hold it a bit .	12	0
Overall , it is very family oriented , and I recommend it to everyone !!!	12	1
The Canaanite city was destroyed in a fire , presumably in the wake of a campaign by the Egyptian pharaoh Thutmose III .	6	2
The report put forward today re-establishes its place in the political sphere .	11	2
The Canadian investigator of the plane crash Larry Vance told SPIEGEL that he is convinced that one of the pilots had intended to land the machine on the ocean surface - so that it would sink .	5	2
Thailand has recently cracked down on human trafficking , which has affected the routes by which people-smugglers transport migrants .	3	2
I 'm writing an essay for school and I need to know if the iPhone was the first Smart Phone .	12	1
A maximum guaranteed area of 829229 ha is hereby established .	5	1
The first challenge that we have before can do any kind of analysis of these interstellar dust particles is simply to find them .	17	2
Women who have completed secondary or tertiary education are more likely to enter and remain in the labor market than their less educated counterparts .	8	6
Cursed – Has Claimed the Lives of Nineteen Muggle Owners to Date .	11	2
In many respects , researchers already possess a wealth of knowledge concerning the origins and consequences of discrimination and bias . [ 11 ]	22	1
I will be in Houston on May 11th and would like to visit with you in early afternoon if possible .	20	0
He stomped flat-footed from the room .	3	1
Thank you for the invitaion to the conference call .	2	1
Handcrafted Furry Animals Wholesale , Call for a Catalog NOW !	6	1
And that huge load was passing into the people that ate this meat .	9	1
These alleged members of the Arakan Army , the military wing of the National Unity Party in Myanmar , have been charged with illegal entry .	4	2
In 1893 , Higuchi , her mother and her sister abandoned their middle class house and , with a grim determination to survive , moved to a poor neighborhood where they opened a stationery store that before long failed .	22	2
Harry stared at them all watching him .	3	4
NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announces where four space shuttle orbiters will be permanently displayed at the conclusion of the Space Shuttle Program during an event commemorating the 30th anniversay of the first shuttle launch on April 12 , 2011 .	5	1
Auster was somewhat reticent about it , but at last he conceded that he was working on a book of essays . The current piece was about Don Quixote .	17	2
Thanks .	0	2
‘’ There is much better tactical cooperation between our forces on both sides of the border , but the movement of Taliban still goes on both ways , ’’ he adds .	25	1
These are two areas of action which I invite the Commissioner to set up and in which I would ask him to involve us .	10	2
It turns out that a lot of dolphins are being sold as meat in the whale meat market around the world .	1	6
Both of these men are heavily involved in the private sector of the space industry , and both are also involved with another space company called SPACEHAB .	3	2
These people were so helpful this week and did everything to sort out my windscreen and insurance .	5	2
John somehow obtained Polish seaman 's papers , and for several years he worked in the engine rooms of German freighters .	16	2
The biggest LTTE maritime disaster was reported in the now - defunct Asiaweek in 2001 .	5	6
The brochure for the Conference and associated Workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below : < http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf > << http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >>	14	2
The invoice is not detailed , so it is difficult to see what you are paying for .	4	1
Lost , not only in the city , but within himself as well .	0	3
They might want to change the name to reflect the new yorkedness of the pizza , scrummy yummy sounds gimmicky to me .	5	2
When I first get on I take 1 leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with my heel and hold it there for 1 lap at a walk around a large dressage arena .	4	1
Yes , GCP provides the links to establish the correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems .	8	2
In 1519 , he became ruler of the Habsburg empire , and he gained the title Holy Roman Emperor in 1530 .	6	1
Since the television series ’ inception , writers at The AV Club have written two critical reviews for each episode :	15	1
Crayola Air - Dry Clay ?	4	2
I 'll leave to Steve to structure the deal .	9	0
The puppets used were picked specifically for this task with careful attention to their appearance .	13	3
There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value .	2	2
" Expect the unexpected , " and enjoy the ride !	5	0
According to news accounts , the company is struggling .	7	6
The Licensor grants You the rights contained here in consideration of your acceptance of such terms and conditions .	15	2
These links present the many viewpoints that existed and still exist about the disaster called Chernobyl :	7	4
Nicholas Rowe , Shakespeare 's first biographer , recounted a Stratford legend that Shakespeare fled the town for London to escape prosecution for deer poaching in the estate of local squire Thomas Lucy .	17	1
I am GEORGE WALKER BUSH , son of the former president of the United States of America George Herbert Walker Bush , and currently serving as President of the United States of America .	31	1
The evaluator examined the files of 21 of the Pericles actions carried out until March 2004 , on Member State or Commission initiative .	2	2
I 'm not sure which one you gave him , but there 's a brief , brief , brief IQ test there .	8	5
Shakespeare 's works include the 36 plays printed in the First Folio of 1623 , listed below according to their Folio classification as comedies , histories and tragedies .	15	2
If the load was 99 tonnes there were probably less than 20,000 .	6	1
i have to go to butt - fucking mississippi .	3	2
then let her out for ten minutes .	3	1
From the Airport you can take cab for c. IRR 200,000 to the city centre .	12	2
I could n't say no ... so Nicki ( the little girl - 10 yrs. old ) and I waited for the bus .	21	2
best quote ever My gate was stuck halfway open so I called A CLASS Garage Doors Dr Services .	2	1
I 'm not sure how the market will react .	4	1
Before he had a chance to absorb the woman 's presence , to describe her to himself and form his impressions , she was talking to him , forcing him to respond .	17	1
Who can pass up a hot towel and a straight edge neck shave !	9	1
The only way to fight this new " popular " weapon is identical to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas : the offensive way .	24	2
That sounds like a BS excuse from ECS , but it that 's what they are saying , let me know and we can figure out a solution .	22	4
I remember going into Hollywood Magic and wanting that big red box with the dragons on it and I did n't even know what it did .	3	1
Alternatively , if life has not been good to you so far , ( and considering your current situation this seems more likely ) consider how lucky you are that it will not be troubling you much longer .	25	1
Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41 .	17	1
There are more differences between Sulla and Trump , Rome and the U.S. , than there are similarities , but that does n’t discredit the resemblances .	26	0
In this paper , we report upon the novel insights eye-tracking techniques have provided into the unconscious processes of viewing the unique collection of Zurbarán artworks .	1	2
I would beseech you to transfer a sum equaling ten to twenty - five percent ( 10 - 25 % ) of your yearly income to our account to aid in this important venture .	13	1
I enjoy going there although i 've only been there once , i will be returning toda to recieve a pair of french tips and i will only go to the best and to me the best is here .	6	4
The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that need to be addressed immediately .	9	2
I sent a customer of mine to you .	0	4
For example , you can collapse the outer field ( Year ) in the example so that the inner field items are no longer displayed .	4	2
The flowers were all that I hoped they would be , I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all .	13	2
Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .	21	2
In other words , how do they treat those with different beliefs , cultural backgrounds and ways of seeing the world ?	19	2
The down side was that sometimes there was a lot of noise in the hallway from other patients / doctors .	14	2
There are different styles and types of shoes , so ask your ballet teacher or a salesman at the store for advice , given your intentions for dancing .	8	0
The employees at this Sear's are completely apathetic and there did n't seem to be any sort of management that I could see .	8	1
Anyway , so that was 2 days ago that I called and left a message , but he still has n't called back yet .	18	1
In a single cubic inch of soil , there can be more than eight miles of these cells .	16	2
If you still have it , can you send it to him at " Mark EI.London Taylor " ?	18	0
Would do business with them again .	2	2
He picked one up and saw that the pages had the narrow lines he preferred .	2	1
Enough of those , in a highly contested area , will lead to chaos election day .	5	2
In the street – I do n't know why – a queer feeling came to me that I was an impostor .	18	6
Traffic congestion on the main arterial roads serving the city ( especially the A19 on Bootham and the Inner Ring Road ) can get very bad , especially during the rush hours and on Saturday mornings .	24	1
Senator Patrick Leahy at a Congressional hearing in the Spring of 2002 noted that the FBI had collected the Ames strain from 20 sources .	22	1
I found this pure white bird in my neighborhood , its wing is injured , so I 'm currently taking care of it .	17	4
In 1519 , he became ruler of the Habsburg empire , and he gained the title Holy Roman Emperor in 1530 .	18	2
408 - Number of species that could be extinct by 2050 if the global - warming trend continues .	12	2
Continuing vigilance is needed in order to maintain and build on the results currently achieved in the fight against euro counterfeiting .	6	1
The ACIA -- with participation by the United States , Canada , Denmark , Finland , Iceland , Norway , the Russian Federation and Sweden -- was begun in 2000 .	2	0
Controls in the header and footer sections	5	2
The service stunk .	1	2
Please submit your response using the buttons below and update your calendar for this date .	8	1
But that is not the language used in everyday encounters with the bemused populations of the EU countries .	17	2
The nearest towns to the site are Puerto Iguazu in Argentina , about 12 miles from the falls , and Foz do Iguaçu in Brazil , which is equally close .	9	1
My shoes were white and I was concentrating on keeping them out of the mud .	8	1
Talk to your academic adviser , see what they recommend .	7	1
The Rev. Gerald Robinson appeared stony - faced as the jury 's guilty verdict was read , and he blinked repeatedly and glanced at his lawyers before being led away in handcuffs .	2	2
The Globe opened in autumn 1599 , with Julius Caesar one of the first plays staged .	5	1
I think compared to my house , he 's embarrased about his apartment .	7	5
Her former professor , Koolhaas , described her at graduation as " a planet in her own orbit . "	4	2
You use XML schemas to describe the structure of data in a common format that customers , other Web browsers , and any number of XML-enabled software programs can recognize .	8	1
We would be glad to provide the same documents in an earlier version of Word , upon request by individual Parties .	16	1
The attempts at making peace finally ended in spring of 1415 and Enrique decided to execute his plan : an invasion of the entire Kingdom of France .	5	1
Nato and US officials have already voiced fears that Bosnian arms - sold by US , British and Swiss firms - are being passed to insurgents .	17	1
We had frosts in October so I would n't advise visiting late in the year to be honest , Spring time is your best bet .	17	1
Should China decide to retaliate against the US to defend its oil and natural gas deal with Iran , the US would be faced with a significant threat .	8	1
And notice that as the mycelium grows , it conquers territory and then it begins the net .	9	6
9.3 m - Number of US unemployed in April 2004 .	5	2
In addition to the Structural Funds and the common agricultural policy , the financing of the Community needs to undergo radical reform .	6	1
It might just be coincidence or the fact those great big trotters with those extremely long backs lost a bit of fine coordination to get those gangly bodies around those tighter turns .	20	1
I did n't feel guilty about the garage sale , that 's why I was annoyed - being notified at 10:00 at night GRRRRRRR .	2	1
By 1604 , he had moved north of the river again , to an area north of St Paul 's Cathedral with many fine houses .	25	0
Consider basing some of your words from other words you have invented .	0	2
They tell me he 's got the contract for the whole Isoza River reclamation scheme ... employs engineers from Poland and Italy	14	2
During one episode , he is shown to be an adept guitar player .	3	0
Perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing Zahav was going to be golden as its name suggests ( and as the many golden reviews seem to attest ) , we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience .	35	2
The service was ok , our waitress kept forgetting our drinks even though we reminded her several times .	14	4
It was like walking into a furnace : nearly everything in Ron 's room seemed to be a violent shade of orange : the bedspread , the walls , even the ceiling .	23	2
The search - and - destroy operation was carried out by the Indian government after repeated requests from Colombo .	18	2
You did a great job at the hearing ---- it went decidely downhill after you left .	10	4
http://i.imgur.com/S2MD2.jpg http://i.imgur.com/T2zff.jpg http://i.imgur.com/Xytex.jpg I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000 ( see links above ) .	17	2
Most of us still have hope for ourselves even when stuck in the darkest dilemmas , ruts and catch - 22s .	2	4
The formalin is great for preserving structures , but for anemones , it prevents study of DNA or of the chemistry of the body .	9	1
I was moving out from 2 bdr apartment and it took for 3 strong guys 6 hours to load a track ( from 2 pm - 8 pm ) .	16	2
The Peak District ( Derbyshire ) is the closest .	7	2
Only a small minority of academics believe there is reason to question the traditional attribution , but interest in the subject , particularly the Oxfordian theory of Shakespeare authorship , continues into the 21 st century .	34	1
i am out of town .	5	0
The necessary report functionality should be available within the AS400 , however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical VBA / excel reports outside of the AS400 but using AS400 data downloads .	22	2
A large bag of Skittles candy ( the " movie size " bag )	6	0
The logic is that ( nearly ) all Wave 4 respondents appeared in the Wave 1 sample , but not all would have been interviewed at Wave 3 due to differential patterns of temporary attrition .	5	1
( 3 ) Everyone who works has the right to just and favourable remuneration ensuring for himself and his family an existence worthy of human dignity , and supplemented , if necessary , by other means of social protection .	16	4
The 2019 Winter Universiade will be hosted by Krasnoyarsk .	3	2
In her opening remarks for attendees , Waters pointed out those features to attendees , noting the touches of the Warhol Factory , or the studio where he worked , that were present around them .	24	2
Travelled 40 mins after calling to see if a product was in stock .	3	1
Pack a separate box of essentials you may need for the first night at your new house .	17	0
This happens when you question ( or at least seem to question ) their appearance , intelligence , athletic abilities , or anything else relating to their self-image .	1	6
Your children will be taken care of and loved by a professional staff .	12	2
Whatever Stillman had done , he had done ; wherever Stillman had gone , he had gone .	14	5
... Nope and I am proud of it ... because my teacher have nt taught us that yet ...	14	2
Dudley hitched up his trousers , which were slipping down his fat bottom .	2	1
Adopted and proclaimed by General Assembly resolution 217 A ( III ) of 10 December 1948 .	0	2
We said the first people came out of the sun .	8	2
( 2 ) Everyone has the right to leave any country , including his own , and to return to his country .	9	1
I might also add a few items about international developments and the EEI physical power trading form .	2	1
On the Air France bus :	4	2
We have received intelligence that a Hover Charm was used at your place of residence this evening at twelve minutes past nine .	3	2
( 3 ) These rights and freedoms may in no case be exercised contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations .	19	1
For this we basically put colonies on a diet of either food with medicine or without for a while .	15	1
They love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos , celery , cucumbers , carrots .	10	0
Sara and Bill Bradford in Credit are supposed to talk to the DB Credit people about this remaining issue .	18	2
These numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago .	6	2
She is just being friendly in public because she does not want to offend you and she treats you like any other friend .	18	3
Voldemort might be a ruin of his former self , but he was still terrifying , still cunning , still determined to regain power .	2	2
I do n't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed , understand and have implemented these standards .	11	1
I did n't realize how much " stuff " you could pack into a one bedroom apartment .	8	0
Also , from their own webpage , reasons why NASA is important , in a 5th grade format .	4	1
The amazing thing is that all of these crooks demand protection under international law , and define all those who attack them as " war criminals , " with some Western media repeating the allegations .	32	1
La Peau De Chagrin , among his earliest novels , is a pessimistic tale of confusion and destruction .	12	1
( Even though he has bigger things to do in D.C. , this is his legacy and he recognizes that if deregulation does not work in Texas , the repercussions could be global . )	0	0
Use an Extensible Stylesheet Language Transformation ( XSLT ) file to transform the data into an Access data format .	17	2
Sounds like we may actually get these documents executed early next week .	3	2
Two thirds of the way through the cycle , shake all bottles vigorously .	7	2
We take the Wikipedia approach : if you think it should be better , please help it be so .	10	2
He then rose and wrote for many hours , fueled by innumerable cups of black coffee .	10	1
Behind this raw matter one of the reclaimed , the product of the new forces at work , strolled despondently , carrying a rifle by its middle .	17	0
When the apparently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent , it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives .	18	2
With a crack like a whip , Dobby vanished .	0	1
So you want to flirt with a guy or gal on MSN , AIM , Facebook Chat , or any other instant messaging service and you do n't want to look like a creep ?	15	2
Horrible !	1	0
John , Karim ,	1	0
If you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone .	7	1
4 Items for the inner field are repeated for each item in the outer field .	10	2
Petunia ! roared Uncle Vernon .	1	0
Do n't they understand English ?	4	2
The application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods can help Enron to improve further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor fuel .	1	2
Hill at the Lesser-known candidates forum in 2011	1	1
The last I checked , the Satanists have a long way to go to catch up with the death and destruction dealt out by self - proclaimed ( though false ) Christians .	20	2
Quality and service come first here .	1	1
The team focus is prevention and education .	6	2
I just need to talk to an another american who has gone to the UK before so that I know what expect when arriving at the airport and with going through visa process and everything .	26	2
You will also have the experience of learning the bella Sicilian culture , that I have fallen in luv with .	0	3
Thur. Sept. 28 - Paris ( Versailles or Fontainbleu - half day side trip )	2	1
I would reccomend anyone to go see Jana Kueck and Robin Talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer .	7	2
Please everyone .... take heed and do n't get caught up in the hype about DECOR and YOU working with every budget ...	0	1
He remembered now that Mrs. Stillman had told him to wait there while she went to find her husband .	5	2
Foster 's washed up . A has-been . A mean-faced bozo . Quinn chewed his food carefully , feeling with his tongue for stray bits of bone .	9	1
" There are several possible explanations for this .	0	0
Male mosquitoes do not bite , so their release presents no health risk , and , because their progeny die , no genetically engineered mosquitoes persist in the environment .	1	3
" Look how the academy returns the pretty ones we send them !	2	1
Afghan officials say the Americans have moved over 100 Special Forces and helicopters to Shindand .	13	1
Look at it through Auster 's eyes , he said to himself , and do n't think of anything else .	7	0
Do you shoot back at someone trying to kill you , standing deliberately behind a group of children ?	15	2
The beers were good , nice choice of beers as well , and as usual the mussels were great , the place upstairs is a nice addition to the bar downstairs .	18	1
And the basic idea behind the Checks and Balances we have is that if one branch of the Government goes crazy , the other two can hold it down .	23	1
Until I was thirteen , I thought my name was shut up .	7	3
I was told to take my coffee to go if I wanted to finish it .	13	2
When we compare male and female farmers with similar land sizes across similar settings , the productivity gap can be as high as 66 % , as it is in Niger .	15	2
and thereafter he presents himself as no more than the editor of the translation .	14	0
the knights inn was small very small . i mean 1 room in every room ! it was cozy a little and a small tv .	17	6
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	3	1
Tina Anselmi was born on the 25th of March , 1927 in Castelfranco Veneto ; she grew up in an anti-fascist Catholic family , which was marked by the persecution of her militant socialist father .	35	0
Secondly , the origin rules applicable to imports to third countries from the Community are still based on individual Member States .	20	2
You can then select all the popular promotions from the Other group and create a new custom group that will be captioned Popular .	5	2
$ 113 m - Amount of total hard money the Bush - Cheney 2000 campaign received , a record .	11	0
Dr. Stiefvater has always been very professional and helpful .	6	1
The Chatnam Islands ( Rekohu in the indigenous Moriori language ) are the eastern-most settled islands in New Zealand .	18	2
Buddakan inevitably attracts the majority of its guests simply because of its association with Steven Starr , but that does n't impress me .	6	4
Mark Palmer@ENRON	1	0
The heat was heightened by drink and animation and the glass filled by the long , narrow black hand of his neighbour was marked by the fingerprints of the white woman who had relinquished it .	2	6
At the time , generators were refusing to sell power in California because of the price caps .	16	2
And outside , the silent wilderness surrounding this cleared speck on the earth struck me as something great and invincible , like evil or truth , waiting patiently for the passing away of this fantastic invasion .	1	1
Other than picking up objects from the street , Stillman seemed to do nothing .	5	1
EVERYTHING IN HERE SEEMS TO AMAZE ME !!!	7	0
The opening soliloquy of Richard III has its roots in the self - declaration of Vice in medieval drama .	6	6
The stampede at Islam 's most holy site happened at Jamarat Bridge , during an event where pebbles are thrown at a pillar to represent the stoning of Satan as part of the final rites of the Hajj .	15	2
I think that you understand that your largest and smallest golden wonders are males .	5	1
He looked pleasantly into the martini jug and put it down again patiently .	3	1
I know that a transaction of this magnitude would make anyone apprehensive and worried .	10	2
Our unit reeks of old cigarette smoke and it started to become apparent a few weeks after we moved in .	2	6
As it stands , MKM and I will probably bring it up with Sommer in OK City and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers .	15	2
Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosencreutz , which suggests ( and most people who ’ve heard of it suppose ) that the wedding is Christian ’s .	0	2
In the early 17 th century , Shakespeare wrote the so-called " problem plays " Measure for Measure , Troilus and Cressida , and All 's Well That Ends Well and a number of his best known tragedies .	22	0
Repeat the above two steps for all bottles , ensuring that everything is cleaned between uses to prevent color contamination .	20	0
After they sporulate , they do rot .	2	3
The Bench does n't change of course .	0	2
If this is a solo jump , which constitutes the minority of skydivers , your only recourse is to ensure that at least one of your own chutes opens .	18	1
This has been an ongoing concern for the five years that I have been a Member of this Parliament , and I have raised the issue time and time again .	28	2
Deteriorating security	0	1
If you also specify the end value as 31-Dec-1999 , the following groups will be created :	8	1
This gives us the data to do a so-called survival analysis .	0	2
We have already received firm commitments from 3 companies .	6	1
If you are familiar with Microsoft Excel PivotTable reports and want to work with the data in Excel , there are two ways to accomplish this .	11	1
My understanding was that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC 's online profile in order for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC 's peak load periods .	17	2
This email may contain material that is confidential , privileged and / or attorney work product for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) .	3	2
And to those who do n't even know their crimes , not even that .	8	3
ps I may have to come back to work for a 615 call	11	1
And this is what America , bubbling with political illusions , is up against .	11	6
The scientists found reduction of crop yields by 2050 exceeded 10 % of 2000 levels , substantially decreasing food security , in all cases examined .	5	2
In this day it s rare to find such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash .	17	1
Jespersen was a professor of English at the University of Copenhagen from 1893 to 1925 , and served as Rector of the university in 1920 – 21 .	3	2
I notified her grandmother with the time of the departure .	5	2
If true , the caper failed .	6	0
But no other complaints .	1	1
Missed a whole day of work because i am now carless .	2	1
I know you must be going nuts with all the events , so I have not called .	8	1
neuroscientists have examined the neurobiological underpinnings of discrimination [ 7 – 9 ] ;	11	1
When the guys arrived ( 2 hours later than agreed ) they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from Brooklyn and extra $ 100 for them to drive back from your destination .	27	1
I like old Hjalmar .	0	4
Most of the rooms at these hotels have their own bathroom , but there are a few rooms at the Hafijj Hotel and Socotra Hotel that must share bathrooms .	9	1
* 3 . The third aspect is money . *	1	0
I asked them to change it but they rudely said that it was okay .	8	1
The analysis shows a direct link between the number of cigarettes smoked in a lifetime and the number of mutations in tumour DNA .	8	2
They offer a large variety of quality hotdogs and hamburgers They also offer veggie dogs .	15	0
The traditional greeting known as the wai , where you press your hands together as is in prayer and bow slightly , is derived from the Hindu cultural influence from India , and still widely practised .	5	2
At the time , generators were refusing to sell power in California because of the price caps .	1	2
if you do n't mind being robbed , cheated or lied to then this is the company for you .	17	1
69 - Percentage of Americans who believed the White House 's claims in September 2003 that Saddam Hussein was personally involved in the 11 September attacks .	4	2
When you design a Web page using Microsoft Office Web Components , any user with a Microsoft Office 2002 license can interact with the components in the browser to the level of interactivity you provide .	22	1
At last he managed to control himself , and sat with his great eyes fixed on Harry in an expression of watery adoration .	20	1
For a split second , Uncle Vernon stood framed in the doorway ; then he let out a bellow like an angry bull and dived at Harry , grabbing him by the ankle .	13	1
Shona has commissioned Mike Moscoso to work on this , and I believe that Mike has already been working with James New .	12	4
Traffic congestion on the main arterial roads serving the city ( especially the A19 on Bootham and the Inner Ring Road ) can get very bad , especially during the rush hours and on Saturday mornings .	14	1
" This reality was noted by playwright Oscar Wilde , who said :	2	2
" The future is only peace . The problem is how long will it take and how many victims will it call for . "	19	2
I do n't know about this ... but the pale Cockney who was teaching him to take over his job said , That 's okay , chum , it 's our ole friend Mr. Kabata .	5	2
In February of 2005 , Iran and Syria agreed upon a mutual protection pact to combat " challenges and threats " in the region .	1	2
The Mate 9 phones lack an artificial intelligence interface , like the Google Assistant or Apple 's Siri .	13	2
Additional printed copies should be available within the next day or so and I will make them available to all of you - just let me know how many copies you need .	21	3
The Communist Manifesto ( solo )	3	0
I – I mean , he faltered as sparks flew from Mrs Weasley 's eyes , that – that was very wrong , boys – very wrong indeed	13	1
Importing queries created under one ANSI SQL query mode into an Access database set to another mode , or exporting queries created under one ANSI SQL query mode to an Access database set to another mode .	26	2
" I study history in school , " I said .	5	2
Bending forward suggests : " I completely surrender to You . "	2	6
Maybe it 's true that life begins at fifty ... but everything else starts to wear out , fall out , or spread out .	11	2
You can make other noises if you prefer , such as a bird cawing or an explosion sound every time a button is pushed .	4	2
I do n't know if vomiting blood is common with this ailment .	12	0
He returned with two bottles , placed them on a wooden crate that served as the coffee table , and sat down on the sofa across from Quinn .	24	2
I believe someone called about this today , but Mr. Lay asked me to let you know that these dates do n't work for him , either .	14	2
Iran 's position over the Gulf would make resupply by ship and air support from carriers a dangerous affair .	19	0
Always wear ballet slippers .	2	2
But Carney argues that , on the contrary , the rest of the British economy benefits from having a global financial center in its midst .	14	2
Just previews and the main feature .	3	2
· Thinking up new things – activities that produce outcomes that are necessary , convenient , or luxurious – for us to do .	21	1
" At some point , Patricia tripped or the bear tripped her and was at her back .	6	4
" Balzac 's extensive use of detail , especially the detail of objects , to illustrate the lives of his characters made him an early pioneer of literary realism .	0	0
He sat there impassively , reading the night-owl edition of the next morning 's Daily News .	16	0
You can make the word ' pen ' as ' penn ' or even ' pen ' .	16	0
* gasps * So I would n't make a good prostitute ?	4	4
Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated .	9	2
The executive branch consists of a Minister of State as the head of government , who presides over a five - member Council of Government .	18	2
So , therefore , now he says i am inoperable ( even though i am not 100 % inoperable ) , and he is letting me die .	18	1
With the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911 , Mongolia under the Bogd Khaan declared independence .	17	0
The indexing of minimum rates introduced by Mr Cox is a good way of making the regulation simple and reliable .	17	1
Worse , the occupation has done great damage to the strength of the American military , justifying the decrease in confidence .	5	2
Karzai was clearly pleased at the results .	4	1
Andrew Westphal is the director of Stardust @ home .	5	1
It was Joseph Goebbels who said that if you repeat a lie often enough , people will believe it .	3	2
... but basically , what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy ... lots of patience , lots of time , lots of praise , lots of treats , and lots of repition .... Right ?	33	1
The necessary report functionality should be available within the AS400 , however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical VBA / excel reports outside of the AS400 but using AS400 data downloads .	9	2
He did comment on what he meant by the phrase . '	0	5
We have to remember that rural areas represent almost four fifths of the territory of the European Union .	2	1
The area attracts many humpback whales between June and November and there are lots of companies organising tours to see them .	3	1
This year a newspaper claimed two UK firms were involved in a deal in which thousands of guns for Iraqi forces were re-routed to al - Qaeda .	25	0
If such a decision is taken with respect to only one of the acceding States this Treaty shall enter into force for that State on 1 January 2008 .	16	2
You can also provide the schema to other businesses and applications so that they know how they should structure any data they provide to you and they , in turn , can provide their schema to you .	7	1
Alexandra is Rumanian .	1	6
The important point is to develop some psycho-spiritual connection between your mind and the universal Consciousness or Supreme Consciousness .	0	2
At the corner of 72nd Street and Madison Avenue , he waved down a cab .	3	1
Remember , at the beginning they burn his books of chivalry , but that has no effect .	6	4
We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same - gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights , responsibilities , and commitments of civil marriage .	16	1
I am now modelling the Queensland electricity spot price using Geometric Brownian Mean Reverting Jump Diffusion Model and have followed your paper " Making the most of mean reversion " to estimate the mean reversion speed .	13	1
I shall spend an entire day at PRC ( performance review ) on Friday , July 7 .	14	0
His father , born Bernard - François , was one of eleven children from a poor family in Tarn , a region in the south of France .	21	2
They said it would be made exactly like the one I needed to replace .	11	4
At the 131st , below her , is the old Stock Exchange , hung upside-down now as a hipster den .	8	2
Just because Al Qaeda likes its truck bombs and the like to be effective does not mean they do not see the value in a deadly missive .	17	4
However , the bound field will show the custom group hierarchy in the drop-down list , so you can filter data by selecting custom groups or individual values .	17	1
Or are you undecided ?	1	4
23 m - Number of Evangelicals who voted for Bush in 2000 .	7	4
What you see in New Orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system , a form of socialism that many in this country know is the true problem .	5	2
Mix together .	0	2
Shahar leads me down from the Mishkenot Sha'ananim , which stands on a slope and faces Mount Zion and the Old City , to the Gai-Hinnom ( Gehenna of tradition ) , where worshipers of Moloch once sacrificed their children .	33	2
we need to know what about them is different and thus related to living in this strange way .	7	6
Food was excellent .	3	0
It ’s easy to annoy people when you are cramped in such a small , tight space .	10	1
Muslims are required to make a pilgrimage to Mecca during their lifetimes , if physically or financially possible , as it is one of the five pillars of the Islamic faith .	12	0
I do n't know if there is anything I can do but I 'm always willing to help .	8	4
I have a Saab ... which everything is expensive on and they have been extrememly fair and price a lot lower than any other shop I called .	22	1
I chalked it up to possible nerve damage , because this is what the vet thought and the other cheek muscle was fine and he had no theeth problems .	4	1
I assume this is 12:30 Central Time ?	0	4
Two of the most notable Mediterranean civilisations in classical antiquity were the Greek city states and the Phoenicians , both of which extensively colonised the coastlines of the Mediterranean .	22	1
If you want to eat cheaply without worrying about all those daily deal emails every day , ZebraKlub should be perfect for you .	22	3
Can a policeman open fire on someone trying to kill him ?	6	2
Thank you for your time and attention .	6	2
I ended up going to the Centre for Social Evolution at the University of Copenhagen where I did a project on learning in Ants under supervision of Prof. Patrizia d'Ettorre .	10	1
They are entitled to equal rights as to marriage , during marriage and at its dissolution .	5	2
If you took out the clown loach it would make a nice 150 gallon tank .	10	2
Now my car s gears and brakes have never run so well ... ever it s like driving a new car .	10	1
He arrived in 1777 at the age of 23 , and served as a military engineer in the Continental Army with Major General Lafayette .	14	1
Explore which cruise may fit your needs the best .	5	2
Little evidence substantiates such stories other than hearsay collected after his death , and Shakeshafte was a common name in the Lancashire area .	21	1
When there are a lot of people , say , " You 're probably wondering why I 've gathered you here today . "	0	1
The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mother s father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that 's a common misconception ( http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm ) .	1	2
Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy , even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery ( as he had twice stated i must agree to ) .	16	2
Ash - Sharq al - Awsat reports that Fallujah was closed Tuesday in a general strike .	12	1
NORTH CAROLINA RELIGIOUS COALITION FOR MARRIAGE EQUALITY	0	2
Here in Indiana I think it 's like $ 3 or $ 4 for a meal .	11	0
Course has come a long way !!	6	0
I have been growing my hair out for 1 year plus and went in to get 1 inch taken off .	9	2
I know by your pyjama trousers , I use exactly the same measurement for new elastic as I always did .	5	2
What you say is rather profound , and probably erroneous , he said , with a laugh .	16	2
She nodded , blushing to the roots of her flaming hair , and put her elbow in the butter dish .	8	5
I could handle my mice , but they where skittish and preferred their cage .	13	2
The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral , this tradition started after the civil war .	36	1
I must say , I was impressed with the size of the bar area and lounge , & I liked that you could see the brewery right thru the glass !	12	2
Leung Yiu-chung of NWSC ; from file , 2008 .	6	2
I should just like to confirm that the Commissioner and the French Minister for Europe are both agreed on that point .	6	1
" Had it happened an hour later it would have been much worse , " Khaled Al-Maeena , editor at large at the Saudi Gazette , said .	21	1
You and I could go over to Shea tomorrow and get hired as the top two starters .	12	1
That is the logic of the medal ) .	1	6
A key question is how they acquired the anthrax strain first isolated by the Texas Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Lab in 1980 .	14	2
People want to learn more practical skills , and for the most part the internet does n't provide enough quality information yet .	21	1
Az - Zaman : The Association of Muslim Scholars forbade Iraqis to participate in the attack on Fallujah with the Americans .	4	2
In retrospect , I think we probably should have selected the CC BY-SA license instead of CC-BY-SA-NC .	10	2
Even taking into account the fact that my 3 year old wanted to run most of the way round , it took us just over one hour start to finish .	9	2
Invitations were measured only by how long the beer and wine lasted out .	6	1
and the first glance at the place was enough to let you see the flabby devil was running that show .	14	1
K.C. Maurer , chief financial officer and treasurer at the Andy Warhol Foundation , said 500 institutions received the initial invitation and currently 190 universities have accepted one or more donations .	6	1
4 - easy .	0	1
Like the majority of sites in southern Europe , the finding dates back to the early 5th century BC .	1	2
I 'm hearing some pretty depressing stuff from the people I know at ENE .	9	2
I 'm not sure how I would have handled it .	0	4
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned global warming , clean air , clean water , pollution or environment in his 2004 State of the Union speech .	11	2
How can we license individual operators if we do not make that separation ?	3	2
But I 've done hundreds of dog introductions myself ( another place , I do n't work here ) , and owners can have unrealistic expectations and views of what they see when their dogs meet other dogs .	37	2
Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights .	5	2
If it becomes apparent that you cannot open either of your two parachutes , or that for some other reason they are fatally non-functional , then the following steps may be of some minor assistance .	9	1
On the hottest days , it can get up to 115 ° F ( 46 ° C ) or more .	10	1
If you could respond to me on this request , thanks	2	2
2 . I 'm getting ready to divy up the Dow stock .	6	1
ReportML is a " language " developed by Microsoft and specific to Access which can be used to describe Access database objects in XML .	5	0
We have stayed at Tanglewood for many years now .	2	2
( Clauses 2 & 3 ) .	1	2
Further improvements were made to the proposal in the Committee on the Environment , Public Health and Consumer Protection .	7	1
Dr. Aster and her team have been a strong advocate in the health of both my daughters .	11	2
Dependant = NASA & Company to use " space station " model to unify the aims of different countries .	12	1
The same week , the WTC head testified that while they had not received any briefing on the use of planes , they had taken steps to prepare for an attack using anthrax based on intelligence that had been received .	5	2
Margot would only let her come if I promised to keep her wholesomely occupied .	3	2
They sat there for a short time without saying anything .	1	4
" But the bottom line is that the ideas protected by IP rights are the dynamo of growth for developed and developing countries alike .	21	3
You can then use your Skittles vodka to make brightly-colored cocktails or even serve it as a sugary shot !	7	1
" Should the Arctic Ocean become ice - free in summer , it is likely that polar bears and some seal species would be driven toward extinction , " the report concluded .	13	6
" However , the full fuselage trainer , that every astronaut including [ former Museum of Flight CEO ] Bonnie Dunbar has been trained on , will soon call the Museum of Flight home .	18	0
I do n't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it 's getting to be an issue .	18	1
Would n't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves , or to talk their sons into doing it , if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor ?	12	3
On Friday , fishermen rescued over 700 asylum seekers whose boat sank , and the Indonesian Navy reportedly saved 200 more after they were found swimming along the coast of Aceh , Indonesia .	17	1
They 'll tell you one thing then $ 5,000 later do another .	5	2
Saturday , April 4 , 2009	3	1
He estimated that there should be around 45 particles , but this number is very uncertain — I would n't be surprised if it is quite different from that .	10	1
I met you at the Risk conference last week in Houston .	5	2
The games will have to take place on Fri , Sat , or Sun .	14	0
From Mérida , it is easy to take day trips to a vast array of destinations : archaeological sites , ecological parks , typical villages , caves , beaches , colonial missions and more .	21	2
Temescal is a neighborhood that lies north-northwest from Downtown , centered along the reach of Telegraph Avenue , at and near 51st Street .	13	2
And this , said Auster , turning to the woman , is my wife , Siri .	9	2
At the time of his arrest , the suspect was allegedly involved in constructing a " submarine " in a shipyard on the island of Sirae near Phuket on the Andaman Sea coast .	32	2
Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates .	3	1
It should be assigned to North America ( Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker ) .	12	2
But , given that South Korea 's workforce already includes a substantial share of non - regular workers , increasing temporary employment may not contribute to economic growth .	17	2
But when innovation affects an automobile 's quality , the task becomes far more difficult .	13	2
Then , just as suddenly as the thought had appeared , it vanished .	9	4
Great People and even better service !	1	2
In order to be invited to the debates , we must raise money and poll nationally .	6	2
Yeah , I think Jeff wrote on one of his posts here in the past several months : " To hell with death " .	15	1
The sauce was dry and the enchiladas did not taste good . at all .	1	2
The guide is problematic , firstly because it has been developed " in the context of a state of emergency " .	9	2
From behind that structure came out an impression of pale plumpness in a frock-coat . The great man himself .	19	0
The Jacob cycle at Auckland Castle is the only UK example of a continental collection preserved in situ in purpose-built surroundings .	12	2
After the major kill - offs , wolves outside of Alaska and Canada existed mostly as legend .	17	0
Arial photos of the lab were uranium is being enriched , somewhat like those of chemical weapons stockpiles in Iraq .	0	1
Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress , Risk 2001 Australia , which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001 .	39	1
For the sake of mankind , you should email our verdict to your friends .	13	2
He is my mechanic going forward !	1	6
When creating a page , you can use the contents of a connection file to set the ConnectionString property of the page , but choose not to create a link between the page and the connection file .	10	1
Watch out for the bottom stair , it creaks , Harry whispered back , as the twins disappeared onto the dark landing .	18	1
The car concept has got off to a good start .	0	2
The total for performance pay and bonus that year was $ 1.5 million , about the same level as for 2015 - 2016 .	3	2
If Samarra and other cities are any guide , those pockets of resistance could go on bedeviling the US for some time to come .	19	1
The following illustration shows the Orders page with two group levels .	6	2
Sara is working on that with Susan Bailey , another paralegal in our Group .	0	2
Just said i was inoperable and walked out of the hospital room .	11	2
You want to fly ? ”	2	1
for Books that Speak for Themselves ....	3	4
The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges , I finally gave up , he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful .	0	2
2 ) PG&E - Swap with Enron Europe Ltd. ( 3 in total )	1	0
" The future is only peace . The problem is how long will it take and how many victims will it call for . "	2	2
The draft you received has been approved by Dan .	3	4
An example of a desert island would be the small islands off the coast of Baja California , Mexico .	2	1
Bill over at The Fourth Rail has an excellent essay on how the MSM and the UN , even the leftist countries in Europe , are basically accepting terrorist organizations as legitimate forms of a political party :	4	2
It sounds like a firmware issue and the camera requires a re-boot just like what happens in a computer - needs a re-start from time to time but it should n't be happening in a camera .	12	1
I will not be there at 7:30 , but will see you arond 9:30 on Tuesday .	5	1
Wikinews interviews Christopher Hill , U.S. Republican Party presidential candidate	7	2
Peter Stillman walked into the room and sat down in a red velvet armchair opposite Quinn .	11	1
85 - Percentage of American young adults who can not find Afghanistan , Iraq , or Israel on a map .	15	1
They were to bring home Italian steel .	5	1
Obviously they had a full beverage list including alcohol for adults who wanted it .	10	2
He obviously had no idea what he was talking about , though he demonstrated a number of ill - fated instincts .	18	0
The French tend to look down on the Americans and treat them bad .	1	1
Mr President , our committee views these issues very differently and , to start , I will speak from the point of view of research .	1	2
Al Qaeda members and sympathizers feel that the FBI 's involvement in countries like Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Pakistan , Indonesia , and the Philippines interferes with the sovereignty of those countries .	3	1
I propose we have a conference call with Bob Fagan on Fri July 20 at 1:00 pm Calgary time to discuss any areas of concern / confusion you may have .	14	1
I got him back the first of the month and he had lost some weight but attributed that to be worked everyday ( I expected him to drop some ) .	28	1
Or is there in the world by now a natural understanding of revolution , of mass organization , cadres , police rule , and secret executive bodies ?	4	2
She pointed to the refreshment table with Campbell 's Soup served with " electric " Kool Aid and tables adorned with colorful gumball " pills " .	3	2
So do n't get taken in , keep your eyes open if you choose to shop here .	12	3
they passed the shadows of the mango trees in the bright moonlight lying beneath the trees like sleeping beasts ;	18	2
After you have had the chance to review the attached , please send me a marked - up draft and we can discuss our concerns from there .	3	2
Adam Auerbach served in an electronic-warfare unit and was returning from a military action when the helicopter in which he was flying crashed .	10	1
Great , and probably the only West Indian spot worth hitting up in Nashville .	10	1
Can you explain more about it for us ?	2	2
We really enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay at the Vintage Hostel again .	12	2
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to a nationality .	10	0
Where it risks fighting dual Sunni Arab and Shiite insurgencies simultaneously , at a time when US troops are rotating on a massive scale and hoping to downsize their forces in country ?	15	1
Nida has been a pioneer in the fields of translation theory and linguistics .	7	2
They were very friendly and were able to explain me exactly what was wrong with it .	8	2
He willl eventually come and explore it and them you can handle him a little bit .	12	5
Should we all get together and make a conference call to Dominion like we did before or should I just call Jeff Davis myself ?	14	4
Richard L. Jones , Jr. Airport ( IATA : RVS ) ( often called the " Riverside Airport " ) is south of downtown and is a general aviation airport .	30	0
It collects the data based on the observation of the proposed interventions as well as interviews conducted with participating teachers and students to identify their perceptions of digital games ’ contributions to the learning process .	4	2
I apologize for the following inconvenience , but I have decided to move this group to Yahoo , so that we can post files and photos and other useful things .	29	2
Skin Color : Silkies have black skin color , which is dominate .	11	1
and she was always really shy to show that off to people , and I wanted to help her show that stuff , and I wanted to bring it out to the world .	1	5
What do you do ?	4	0
It is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in Afghanistan .	19	2
He gained further reputation at court once he was dispatched as an envoy to the Khitan Liao Dynasty in the summer of 1075 .	21	1
“ Current personal squatright : 311 cubic meters per resident ” —	7	2
The punishment for suicide murder should be death or arrest before the murder , not during and not after .	8	1
I enjoyed speaking with Dan , and learning more about how the springs are sized for these doors .	7	1
According to the Saudi Interior Ministry over 345 Muslim pilgrims have been killed in a stampede during the annual Hajj pilgrimage near Mecca , Saudi Arabia .	13	1
The McCutchan Art Center / Pace Galleries at USI bases its exhibit around roughly 100 Polaroids selected from its collection .	19	2
Best of all , the staff is quick on their feet and even with long lines , usually serve you in 5 minutes or less .	11	1
I would not hesitate to use him again or refer him to my family or friends .	4	1
14 brooms	1	2
Remember , at the beginning they burn his books of chivalry , but that has no effect .	1	0
This is one example of what happens when Bush gets a question that he has n't anticipated .	1	6
You use XML schemas to describe the structure of data in a common format that customers , other Web browsers , and any number of XML-enabled software programs can recognize .	9	2
Tourists like the other reviewer might not appreciate their efficiency or quality , but I certainly do .	10	1
A shipment of new notebooks had come in , and the pile was impressive , a beautiful array of blues and greens and reds and yellows .	13	1
Musharraf made his coup in part because of the military 's anger over Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's willingness to back down from confronting India over Kashmir , so that he explicitly came to power as a warmonger .	19	1
There 's another top predator in the ocean , it turns out .	11	1
Big deal kind a stuff .	2	2
There are better places on the Cape - FITNESS 500 !	5	2
Now feed the one in the breeding tank as much bloodworms , blackworms and / or earthworms as it can eat for 3 - 5 days .	6	2
As regards the negotiations , you know the Commission 's position .	9	1
If not , go somewhere else .	4	1
worse , accepting Russia 's terms would ratify the idea that powerful countries may bully less powerful neighbors into doing their bidding , to the point of surrendering their independence .	20	1
I would recommend them for any custom lighting or Lighting Repair and Restoration Chicago	5	1
11/27/2000 10:25 AM	2	2
Despite his aristocratic origins , L'Enfant closely identified with the United States , changing his first name from Pierre to Peter when he first came to the rebelling colonies in 1777 .	13	1
And the river was there – fascinating – deadly – like a snake . Ough !	12	2
Paul was going out with Heather , but in front of the audience he played the faithful husband 's masquerade pretending to suffer for Linda , for the afore mentioned promotional ends .	21	1
Saviour of Iraq	2	2
For some reason , Quinn had not expected this , and it threw him off track .	1	1
Shakespeare 's early classical and Italianate comedies , containing tight double plots and precise comic sequences , give way in the Mid-1590s to the romantic atmosphere of his greatest comedies .	11	2
Buddakan inevitably attracts the majority of its guests simply because of its association with Steven Starr , but that does n't impress me .	8	1
Only if it is of the quality of That 's Amore .	2	5
Either way rec. and dom. white genes dilute the black gene .	0	1
According to the programme , she will speak at 23.45 .	8	1
( 30 ) One of the main roles of harmonised standards should be to help manufacturers in applying the implementing measures adopted under this Directive .	25	0
Richard ,	1	0
Pompey took command of two legions in Capua and began to raise levies illegally , an act that , as was predictable , took advantage of the Caesarians who were in his favor .	32	2
We were introduced to Bistro Tallulah by traveler - professional diner who happens to own the Adelphi Hotel and travels the world -- and residing in Paris , London , New York the rest of the year .	37	0
Under the mango trees , barbers ' mirrors set up a flash in the shade , and live chickens lay in heaps with their legs tied .	3	2
The requirement to amend the operational process and OBSF IT code as a result of the current renegotiation of the OBSF with Barclays ( and AA ) .	16	1
A significantly higher cost which clearly exceeds the average of the countries that adopt the single currency , which is equal to 1,365 euros per litre .	2	2
Anyone who 's spent a lot of time on a farm with chickens is probably familiar with this trick .	8	1
Who takes the decisions , do it with less ideology .	1	6
For example , if you export a table of Customers Orders , you can also choose to export a related Orders Details table and Customers table into the same file .	12	1
( 3 ) The family is the natural and fundamental group unit of society and is entitled to protection by society and the State .	1	1
From Mérida , it is easy to take day trips to a vast array of destinations : archaeological sites , ecological parks , typical villages , caves , beaches , colonial missions and more .	12	1
Can someone cunclude how long it might take me to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tips to save / gain money ? :O	0	2
the team at barton car wash was very friendly .	9	0
Paris claims she was first sent to the ship aged eighteen for two weeks as a teenager but ended up spending twelve years there .	14	1
The classes cover all age and skill ranges , with BALLROOM , LATIN , SEQUENCE , STREET , DISCO , LINE DANCING , BALLET , TAP & JAZZ .	13	0
The terms of office of the Members thus appointed shall expire at the same time as those of the Members in office at the time of accession .	8	1
There are heaps of yellowed euros and deutschmarks dumped here , like snowdrifts .	0	1
Nevertheless , as time wore on he found himself doing a good imitation of a man preparing to go out .	17	1
The work on my car was done quickly and I felt I could trust his work .	11	4
After the sinking of the Titanic in 1912 , was there a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking ?	0	1
We are , after all , in this together .	1	4
Cervantes hiring Don Quixote to decipher the story of Don Quixote himself .	0	2
The city reasoned , " because the users of the private schools pay a frequency fee , this kind of activity is considered as a commercial one " ( ( it ) ) .	8	1
A wonderful tutoring service for students needing help with elementary - middle school work .	5	2
By having researchers provide the lecture sessions , we hope to fuel the enthusiasm of the librarians with the inspiration of direct contact with researchers and to provide access to a network within and across universities .	33	1
Or you can visit temples or shrines in Okinawa .	2	2
( Khalid Mohammed 's involvement dates back to Bojinka , as does Hambali 's ) .	10	1
Besides holding our hearts together through long periods of separation , it had the effect of making us tolerant of each other 's yarns – and even convictions .	0	1
Al Qaeda members and sympathizers feel that the FBI 's involvement in countries like Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Pakistan , Indonesia , and the Philippines interferes with the sovereignty of those countries .	11	1
If you want to do your posting in different settings , you 'll always have this file to go back to .	7	1
We 've had a crate made to transport Fritzi , and she 's been trying it on him .	3	2
There began one of those chases about in the night that , Bray saw , Neil Bayley fiercely enjoyed .	13	4
The sooner the better but I 'd probably wait until after the holidays .	0	2
Once you have a budget or an amount in the bank then you 'll be able to figure out where you can go , for how long you can go and what you can do when you 're there .	36	3
What happened ?	2	0
To guard against this mishap he devised several different methods of deceleration .	10	1
This particular chair is designed to help with back problems , which she has .	3	6
Perhaps they do n't deliver anymore , but the deliciousness of a mezza luna certainly warrants a pickup .	17	2
When you look at the mycelium , they 're highly branched .	3	1
In 1816 Balzac entered the Sorbonne , where he studied under three famous professors .	6	0
why are there two statues of David ?	7	0
Cats that spend time outdoors are more likely to hunt to find their own food and may track down that mouse .	21	0
Thanks for the note .	3	2
Jimmy Plant , Blogshares is a fantasy blogosphere trading game with pretend money .	8	2
Does free speech protect you when you shout " fire " in a crowded theater ?	15	0
If you have a large infestation , a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of it .	15	2
Republican economists caution against taking this data as proof that their party is lousy at economic policy .	4	1
Rude , unprofessional , just jerks .	5	2
I 'll try and send one of Peter Cox ' as well but may have some problems due to file size .	18	1
Allowing subscribers is a simple way to broaden your conversation on Facebook , while reserving personal updates for people you know well .	15	1
The U.S. and Europe are constantly improving their defense against the last murder , not the next one .	15	2
if the trouble goes away with the modem off , then make sure that EVERYTHING EXCEPT the modem is filtered , this would include the alarm system , fax machine , satellite boxes , phones , etc ...	36	0
So , if anyone can give me some advice , I 'd sure appreciate it !	7	1
In the immortal words of Marilyn Monroe , " If you can make a woman laugh , you can make her do anything " ( do n't worry , ladies — the same is true for men ! )	8	0
I assume his actual reason is that he 's worried that Berkshire Hathaway just ca n't grow quickly enough to justify his usual charity policy .	14	2
The name started as a joke boasting about the amount of information the search - engine would be able to search .	12	2
Dow Stock is back up over $ 33 .	8	0
while you 're unlikely to cause offense if you do , you may well look slightly strange .	17	0
I never saw anyone there .	0	4
In addition to the core treatment , Dr Nelson has impressed me further with his concern and interest in the well - being of his patients – his dental work underpinned by a strong duty of care to every patient .	30	2
Facebook accounts are for individual use .	3	1
The civilians in the Department of Defense only know how to blow things up .	13	1
They 've only been there for 10 years .	3	2
Also notice the entity &amp;apos; which will be transformed to an apostrophe when the data is imported by the receiving application .	9	1
Fred and George climbed carefully through the window into Harry 's room .	0	2
Creative Commons makes no warranties regarding the information provided , and disclaims liability for damages resulting from its use .	12	2
But let s hope for their sake ( and the sake of all space lovers out there ) that they can redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again .	30	2
I sure like his style of writing .	0	4
After the Russian Revolution in 1917 , some countries , such as Finland , Poland and the Baltic States , won their independence .	14	2
I was experiencing severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit .	11	1
Stretching is important to loosen muscles , strengthen muscles and to elongate your posture .	3	1
You need to substitute a special character sequence ( called an " entity " by XML ) as follows :	12	2
Your Santorum cocktail creation has already received media coverage from publications including ; The Brooklyn Paper , The New York Times , Jezebel , Metro.us , EDGE on the Net , and Instinct Magazine .	29	2
He rose from his seat , excused himself to Quinn , and walked quickly towards the door .	15	2
So it 's wonderful to be able to rescue that and bring it to a new format and a new tradition for Mexicans .	3	1
" That 's why he did the Campbell Soup cans or the Marilyn pictures , these iconic products of American culture whether they be in film , video or actually products we consumed .	25	2
I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .	5	2
Woud it be better if I got another filter and connected the other phone as well ?	8	2
So , as each post is downloaded and the directions carefully followed , all members will be reimbursed for their participation as a List Developer with one dollar each .	21	1
Michelangelo made the marble one but why did he do another if Donatello had already made one ?	14	1
The administrator of the SQL Server can also add additional security by changing the default SA account password .	17	2
Dessert is served .	3	0
The probe began in June , focusing on Mr Winterkorn and brand chief Herbert Diess , who remains at the car maker .	3	1
It is quite clear that many people within Wales are looking to the European Structural Funds programme to alleviate some of the great difficulties that we undoubtedly face .	21	2
From the East / Arkansas - US-412 West , aka the " Cherokee Turnpike . "	6	2
A work that constitutes a Collective Work will not be considered a Derivative Work ( as defined below ) for the purposes of this License .	5	1
Their Food was better then anything I had ever tasted .	10	0
Amid worsening conditions , officials plan to evacuate a New Orleans stadium where up to 20,000 people took shelter .	2	2
China is seeking the construction of a pipeline from Iran to the Caspian Sea , where it would link with another planned pipeline running from Kazakhstan to China .	2	2
If in dongle you mean USB stick then yes USB sticks are the same any were you go :) hope that answered your question .	3	3
Carroll met Rachel in the Jellicoh College library , where he had a part-time job .	6	2
Then take your finger and place it under their belly , in front of their feet and say up .	2	2
Competing with the Hungarian composer Franz Liszt , Balzac visited her in St. Petersburg in 1843 and impressed himself on her heart .	5	1
Here , she met her future husband and subsequently left the church .	6	2
Thanks	0	2
The central station is at 319 S. Denver ( downtown ) .	10	0
Would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller meeting in October when we should have worldwide buy - in and commitment to these standards and ( hopefully ) our first draft of a meaningful exception report ?	26	2
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1 - 2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything .	6	2
We favour a reform involving the alignment of prices to world market prices and a reduction in export refunds .	10	2
What do they want to hear how you had to go round to the back door of the missionary 's house ?	20	2
The theatre is in an old brick warehouse , which is a block away from the Flying Squirrels stadium .	0	2
Carol , will you handle this or Mark ?	2	2
Users can view and print the components in view-only mode , but they can not interact with the components or use the design capabilities .	22	2
It should be assigned to North America ( Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker ) .	9	2
Play your CD's , 8 - tracks , reel to reels , cassettes , vinyl 33 / 45's , and shellac 78's through this little integrated amp , you 'll get a big eye opener !	31	2
Denial of the status of marriage to those who would freely accept its responsibilities creates legal and economic inequities and social injustice .	16	1
He tried to block the contents from view as he hastily shoved handfuls of coins into a leather bag .	12	2
During their various collaborations , it is not clear who between the two conceived of some stylistic solutions in the arrangements that later on characterised both artists ' style .	28	2
Harry looked nothing like the rest of the family .	2	2
I brought a car in to have the " check engine " light diagnosed back in March of 2010 .	14	1
The sun in the garden was burning , dazzling , seizing .	6	2
The above services provide no value to me personally .	5	2
he crawls on top of them but does not try to eat them .	6	1
Some of the folks here would like to know .	6	2
They met while they were both working on a project as lawyers in Buenos Aires .	4	4
For example , you can group the members of the Category field into two groups : high priority promotions and low priority promotions .	23	0
Asia Times Online 16/11/2004	3	1
But it did not give me the time of day .	5	4
We see this as the ideal opportunity to provide these educative sessions not only to our own librarians , but also to the academic librarians of other Dutch research libraries .	5	1
This is the same idea as rotating tires .	6	1
then , he can have a place to retreat to when he feels scared .	9	1
All you want is for " them " to get on with it - and to leave you alone ..	10	1
Have someone throw something ( the snitch ) on a line into the pool at regular intervals .	9	2
Let me know what schedule works for you .	3	1
$ 50 m - Amount granted to the commission that looked into the Columbia space shuttle crash .	14	2
" The vanishing man " , writes Pritchett , " who must be pursued from the rue Cassini to ... Versailles , Ville D' Avray , Italy , and Vienna can construct a settled dwelling only in his work .	3	3
He crossed the lawn , slumped down on the garden bench , and sang under his breath : " Happy birthday to me . happy birthday to me "	20	2
Under the leadership of Governor Bush and others we have made real progress in Education in Texas over the past decade .?	4	2
That said , the maintenance of this forum is handled by Google and thus will remain reliable and it will ultimately give us more time to play :) .	14	2
I 'm interested in what America will look like in 5 years .	12	0
best quote ever My gate was stuck halfway open so I called A CLASS Garage Doors Dr Services .	3	3
If you took some Olympic - level horses on a trail ride , they just could n't do it .	6	2
Once a storm moves over any appreciably sized piece of land , the moisture source is removed and the storm begins to dissipate .	6	1
Canadian student visa , can I used for other schools ?	2	2
A demonstration in Berlin , carrying banners supporting Saddam 's regime and featuring three - year old babies dressed as suicide murderers , is defined by the press and by political leaders as a " peace demonstration " .	28	1
I was very pleased to find my accommodations and the hotel staff to be a very calming and comforting part of my trip .	4	1
Whether you start the year as a single person looking for a partner , or you 've been married for many years , happiness in love does lie ahead .	16	4
The commission is definitely more responsive to market participants that are articulating the issue , providing specific examples and proposing the solution .	4	1
I do n't think it will be hard to keep his weight up so long as he can eat the grain .	12	1
Following the advice of his mentor Vilhelm Thomsen , he returned to Copenhagen in August 1888 and began work on his doctoral dissertation on the English case system .	22	2
Bray felt he must be somewhere about ; it was difficult to imagine this time without him .	13	2
The neighbours are still interfering , but there are signs that rather than undermining Afghanistan ’s stability they may now be trying to strengthen it .	9	2
Some countries like Malaysia and Singapore promote trading for foreign visitors during some part of the year .	13	2
Paul Dewar , an Ottawa New Democrat MP , said the combined security lapses raise serious questions about the government 's ability to secure sensitive documents .	7	2
Zawahiri and the Vanguards of Conquest were seeking to recreate Mohammed 's taking of mecca by a small band through violent attacks on Egyptian leaders .	2	2
Nida was born in Oklahoma City , Oklahoma on November 11 , 1914 .	2	2
Flip the switch and adjust your laser sight according to the directions in the owner manual that comes with the laser sight .	14	2
I like my food hot both ways not warm or cold .	9	1
I rang SRD PAT testing and within 3 hours Scot had come to my premises and PAT tested all my our Spill The Whisky barn dance band equipment , and supplied a certificate for only 70 p per unit .	13	3
if you had any pics of your hens i would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks ?	9	2
In a simpler world , where innovation simply meant lowering the cost of production of , say , an automobile , it was easy to assess an innovation 's value .	24	1
Most experts believe China intends to develop a small space station of its own over the next several years .	4	6
Sorry about that , I was working on the Teco O&M costs .	1	1
I 'm writing an essay for school and I need to know if the iPhone was the first Smart Phone .	14	2
With the development of artificial twines the sisal boom ended , and Mérida slowed to a more sleepy provincial capital until development picked back up in the late 20th century .	6	2
Higuchi 's likeness adorns the Japanese 5000 yen banknote as of fall 2004 , becoming the third woman to appear on a Japanese banknote , after Empress Jingū in 1881 and Murasaki Shikibu in 2000 .	27	2
Now pines , cypresses , and eucalyptus trees grow there below the domes of the Russian Orthodox church .	18	0
You are a clear thinker and all you demand from life , in a relationship , is a partner whom you can trust and with whom you can , together , develop a foundation of trust based on understanding .	9	1
As far as I know , Madam President , lies are not accepted in any parliament .	12	3
But furniture like this will truly be around forever .	5	1
2 ) S Luest P.O. Box 366 Garden Grove , CA 92842 USA	0	0
The successful UNC Greensboro exhibit included Polaroids of author Truman Capote and singer-songwriter Carly Simon .	14	2
Rafferty released two further albums in the 1990s in what musician Tom Robinson later described as " a major return to form " .	14	4
The mycelium is sentient .	2	6
On the other hand , the US should strong - arm India and Pakistan into a final settlement of the Kashmir issue .	10	2
For some reason it takes them awhile to learn not to step in poop .	12	1
Everyone has the right to life , liberty and the security of person .	2	2
Iron is an essential element the body requires to produce hemoglobin , the protein found in red blood cells that 's responsible for transporting oxygen to tissues in the body .	9	2
Just the zinc fumes will get you , if you do n't take precautions .	10	4
Gasping for breath she pulled a large clothes brush out of her bag and began sweeping off the soot Hagrid had n't managed to beat away .	6	1
When i say jiu - jitsu or mma i mean it !	5	2
Please let me know of your availability .	7	0
We took our 7 month old and she laughed and giggled when ( very harshly I might add ) grabbing and ' kissed ' the goats and lambs .	28	0
Nor is it Kosovo , which became independent at the same time that its governmental structures were being forged .	9	2
WHEN YOU FIRST COME IN THE HOSTESS IS NOT VERY FRIENDLY , THERE IS JUST A BUNCH OF WORKERS STANDING THERE .	9	1
Finding someone even more vulnerable and foolish than we were , after everything had been taken from us — that was a delight .	5	1
Reading The Sound and the Fury last night , I came upon words in Compson 's thought that belonged to E E Cummings and the thirties , not to the year 1910 .	20	2
Pour the soy milk , vinegar , sugar , oil and vanilla into another bowl .	14	2
The request of the municipalities results from the sentence of the Italian Supreme Court of Cassation on July 8 , recognising as legitimate the request of the Municipality of Livorno asking religious schools to pay property taxes .	33	1
It 's principle except a number of cases , for example , the babies are orphans or not to have father .	21	0
I called her grandmother and explained things to her .	2	4
( See attached file : ENRON - SCHEDULE ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc ) ( See attached file : ENRON - Para13 ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc )	25	0
Is there any cure for mouse poison ?	6	2
Derrick did a terrible job , was a complete jerk the entire time , and I had no warning as to the price .	10	2
What justifies this extraordinary mistreatment ?	4	2
The Ten Degree Channel divides the Andamans , which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islands , from the 20 or so Nicobar Islands in the south .	11	2
I 'm unsure of this , because once I watched a commercial of cat food with my cat and she did n't react to seeing another cat on TV .	29	0
and the first glance at the place was enough to let you see the flabby devil was running that show .	3	2
This Treaty shall enter into force on 1 January 2007 provided that all the instruments of ratification have been deposited before that date .	8	1
He found his red notebook , sat down at his desk , and wrote steadily for the next two hours .	3	1
I called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told " This is a Days Inn , not the Hilton " and the receptionist then hung up on me .	20	2
I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there , but i do know from personal experience that Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka is not a man of his word , and is also very CRUEL AND UNCARING !!	16	2
[ http://www.space.com/missionlaunches/ft_050829_ksc_spacefuture.html ]	0	0
Western sheep and cattle ranchers , on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conducted , gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote him off as a job well done .	10	2
It should be easily googled .	5	0
Nina Leopold Bradley , a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer Aldo Leopold , published a 1999 paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on her 61 - year uninterrupted phenological records .	24	2
I 've been fuming over this fact for a few weeks now , ever since some organizations and governments suggested we need to accept the fact that Hezbollah will get involved in running Lebanon .	2	2
Controls on forms and reports need not have unique names , but names of controls on a page must be unique .	3	1
In this case , following the talent leads me to think that Google will be making an announcement this year that formalizes the Google - Mozilla / Firefox relationship .	8	4
To be Auster meant being a man with no interior , a man with no thoughts .	13	1
Intricate details about locations sometimes stretch for fifteen or twenty pages .	3	2
It was built of horizontal planks , and so badly put together that , as he bent over his high desk , he was barred from neck to heels with narrow strips of sunlight .	20	2
It has a population of about 750,000 , and is the largest city in the Yucatán Peninsula .	5	1
Despite his aristocratic origins , L'Enfant closely identified with the United States , changing his first name from Pierre to Peter when he first came to the rebelling colonies in 1777 .	24	4
Although the area is only about 11 percent of the surface area of Europe , the Alps provide up to 90 percent of water to lowland Europe , particularly to arid areas and during the summer months .	34	2
With the onset of the automobile , public officials reduced the city 's public transportation services without foreseeing the traffic gridlock and smog that would menace the city by the 1980s .	13	1
When you press the button to stop recording the data is moved from the buffer to the memory card - no pause .	19	0
... but basically , what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy ... lots of patience , lots of time , lots of praise , lots of treats , and lots of repition .... Right ?	20	0
As faith leaders , we commit ourselves to public action , visibility , education , and mutual support in the service of the right and freedom to marry .	7	1
Could someone in your group please give me a notional non binding basis differential for this quality of crude for Cal 2003 ?	16	2
Thursday , May 7 , 2015	2	2
Having secured the bordering regions of Macedon , Philip assembled a large Macedonian army and marched deep into Thrace for a long conquering campaign .	14	1
Their hell is a personal dissatisfaction with themselves if they are mediocre . "	10	4
Do you shoot an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another , always surrounded by children ?	4	2
The poetry depends on extended , sometimes elaborate metaphors and conceits , and the language is often rhetorical — written for actors to declaim rather than speak .	1	2
Such precision baffled Quinn , for in all other respects Stillman seemed to be aimless .	7	1
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page , we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers .	21	2
4 Items for the inner field are repeated for each item in the outer field .	2	1
They also keep track of the score .	5	2
Understand	0	2
So we now have three grandsons and three granddaughters ranging from about 2 years - 4 months down to a few days .	11	1
The introduction of interim targets increases the predictability of the policy , allows for accommodating product development cycles and facilitates long term planning for interested parties .	7	2
Where coordinating tax policy is concerned , the main objective is to limit manoeuvring and distortions on the capital markets .	9	1
Joseph Manogue at Tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the draft ISDA doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original .	28	0
After the collapse of his businesses , Balzac traveled to Brittany and stayed with the De Pommereul family outside Fougères .	17	2
Republicans captured the Senate for the first time since 1952 , and gained 34 House seats , but the Democrats retained a majority .	23	0
The unlikely mixture of warehouses and very expensive restaurants and posh atmosphere alongside some of the landmarks of the city 's waterfront makes the Square an interesting place to visit and explore , even for locals .	14	1
Some of the corporate also get cheap air tickets because they tie up with some of the airlines for a certain period based on the discount and services they get from the airlines .	13	1
The conference will review the parameters of these challenges and possible solutions to them .	14	0
The IPN report examines commercial fish species , but it neglects important non-commercial animals , such as seals and polar bears .	12	1
This section pertains to terminated employees who are paid out in the year following the termination event .	2	6
If you would be so kind , could you possibly let me know of your status over the next couple of days ?	5	1
Hi , I want to get a few pet rats and need a rat cage .	2	4
the staff is very personable & actually care about the customers safety rather than taking there money .	2	6
May God help us all .	1	2
Yes , and making money .	5	0
" I 'm pretty suspicious of making broad generalizations , " however , he cautioned .	15	0
Keep watering the sprouts twice daily , never letting the soil dry out .	1	1
Over the coming years , faced with the challenges of globalisation and eastward enlargement , Europe will , more than ever before , require appropriate detailed guidance on how to plan and revitalise its economy .	25	1
When I get my hair done there , they use enough hairstyling products while it does not ruin your hair .	1	4
Will definitely go back when I need medical care .	3	1
In 1606 the name of William 's daughter Susanna appears on a list of those who failed to attend Easter communion in Stratford .	8	1
When you walk across landscapes , it leaps up in the aftermath of your footsteps trying to grab debris .	4	2
Stapled to the pen was a little white paper flag , one side of which read : This good article is the Courtesy of a DEAF MUTE .	13	1
The ACIA found Arctic winter temperatures have increased 4 degrees to 7 degrees Fahrenheit in the last 50 years and should go up about twice that much in the next 100 years .	16	1
For example , if the chart summarizes sales revenue , and the source data also includes sales quantities , you might add the Quantity field as a data field to summarize both revenue and quantity of products sold .	35	1
" What happened ? Did your dog eat it ? " he said , making a joke .	5	2
For example , if you specify the start range as 01-Jul-1999 while grouping the ShippedDate field in weekly intervals , the following groups will be created :	15	2
OK , now that I 've got your attention - I really am offering free lunch !	15	2
Meanwhile , the estranged wife of a government whip has launched her campaign to take the seat .	6	2
How can i get Weed in Auckland ?	5	1
We got there , and we were treated to the free " upgrade " of a room with two double beds .	9	2
Amin Asmin Tariq , 23 , London E17	7	2
the International Date Line jogs eastward to keep them on the same calendar day as the rest of New Zealand .	5	1
Vince Kaminski	0	2
If you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone .	30	2
Thank you for your time .	5	0
He must have been looking too hard , for a moment later she turned to him with an irritated expression on her face and said , You got a problem , mister ?	10	2
A resubstantiation of the full Q1 DPR will be completed by the Risk control staff reconciling the full trial balances between Q1 open and Q1 close	3	2
Use an Extensible Stylesheet Language Transformation ( XSLT ) file to transform the data into an Access data format .	12	2
Note that you are not required to link either a CSS file or an XSL style sheet to an XML document in order for Internet Explorer 5 ( and later versions ) to display the document .	19	2
Police in the Indian capital Delhi say they have arrested the suspected co-ordinator and financier of last month 's deadly bomb blasts in the city .	0	2
em ... no ... the Gates foundation mainly invests in medical research and education , that means donating now adds a tremendous value compared to donating in ten years .	9	1
The heat was heightened by drink and animation and the glass filled by the long , narrow black hand of his neighbour was marked by the fingerprints of the white woman who had relinquished it .	7	2
For this reason , it 's always better to practice ballet in a ballet studio under the guidance of a good instructor , who will be able to correct your positioning and make sure that you 're dancing properly .	26	1
Drum and bass as standard .	4	2
I loved the car so we began negotiating my trade - in and the price of the 09 XF .	7	1
I WAS ALSO THERE OF JULY 4TH 2008 , WHEN MY DAUGHTER S BUFFALO WINGS CAME OUT WITH A FLY ON IT .	11	2
We 'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to S.D. last week .	3	1
However , what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans and attack the ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful Clear and Defend operations .	24	2
I mean when I graduate & yes , college , sorry for the typo .	13	2
You can improve the overall security of your account by updating your security information .	5	2
Our family has been trusting Doctor Hank with our teeth for the last seven years .	0	3
" There should be no preferential access to government , or appearance of preferential access , accorded to individuals or organizations because they have made financial contributions to politicians and political parties , " the guidelines read .	13	1
An effective way to roll out such support to a large number of companies would be to combine it with credit lines provided by commercial banks .	4	2
The consistory court of the Diocese of Worcester issued a marriage licence on 27 November 1582 .	12	1
Tina is the driving force of the business and you can be assured that she will endevour to satisfy all your signage requirements at the most cost effective rates .	22	2
They are currently working on a bid ( due 1/31 ) for the Medusa project which involves Murphy ( operator ) , Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks # 538 and # 582 .	7	0
If there are any objections you need to get back to me ASAP .	13	0
Please contact Sherri Sera ( 713/853-5984 ) or Bill Dorsey ( 713/646-6505 ) for the weekly dial - in number and passcode .	20	1
You know the barbers under the mango trees there just before you get to the second-class trading area ?	13	1
Ron held it at arm 's length as it kicked out at him with its horny little feet ; he grasped it around the ankles and turned it upside-down .	18	0
Feel the meaning , do n't just think of its wordy meaning or try to translate from Sanskrit ( BABA NAM KEVALAM ) to an English meaning ( Infinite peace and happiness ) .	6	1
While we ca n't make any promises , we will do our best to bring in at least some of these special guests .	14	2
I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions ( first Argentina ) and thought your expertise would be very helpful .	7	1
When the bars were safely in the back seat with Ron , Fred reversed as close as possible to Harry 's window .	7	2
Continue to hold its feet so the grand experiment can continue .	2	2
The reports say she is suspected of having been a member of Al Qaeda 's " Chemical Wire Group . "	6	1
She is caring , punctual , and very enthusiastic about her job !	2	1
They are very well made and realistic .	3	1
All three of Mrs Weasley 's sons were taller than she was , but they cowered as her rage broke over them .	10	5
There are many prehistoric artifacts , including several different menhirs and dolmens .	4	2
I turned to Whitman to find some understanding of what is happening in the world right now .	0	4
the group to which Edwardsiella andrillae belongs includes many species that reproduce asexually , and it 's possible that the fields are " clones " produced asexually rather than the result of sexual reproduction .	10	1
Thanks for the note .	4	0
it is incredible , he said , and walked off .	2	1
My bday is Saturday :) and I wan na have breakfast / lunch with my fam .	1	2
The cost was certainly reasonable and I will continue my patronage of The Laundry Tub in the future .	16	2
It 's more compact , ISO 6400 capability ( SX40 only 3200 ) , faster lens at f/2 and the SX40 only f / 2.7 .	25	0
Digital Humanities Clinics -	2	2
Legislative measures may be needed where market forces fail to evolve in the right direction or at an acceptable speed .	20	0
The woman who had dozed beside him all night communicating the intimate rhythm of her breathing but never exchanging a word , suddenly began to talk like a bird who has the cover taken off its cage .	33	3
If that were the case , and Stillman managed to elude him , it would mean that Virginia Stillman was responsible .	0	1
140 - Number of Saudis , including members of the Bin Laden family , evacuated from United States almost immediately after 11 September .	2	2
An examination of the ramifications of such an attack is desperately in order .	4	2
The limestone plateau and the Hagghier Mountains are the richest areas for endemic plant species , but endemics are found throughout the island in every type of vegetation .	3	1
Walking out last night , Kevin Presto indicated that there were games being played in ERCOT with the new market rules and prices in certain markets were not reflective of working markets .	24	1
He has a very high intellect .	3	1
I 'm sure that you can find some hotels that are running in the christchurch area , but if not then there would be some in close by towns .	1	4
Tina McKenzie . Image : Australian Paralympic Committee .	0	2
Her 1981 album Wild West was one of her biggest sellers .	6	1
A sudden rain storm on Sunday night ( March 4 ) caused a mass exodus of people to head for the station prompting lines that backed up into the street .	28	2
And on April 3 his chief aide in Najaf was suddenly arrested along with 13 other members of his organization , and the Coalition forces are put into violent conflict with his organization , which leaves 7 US soldiers dead .	35	6
There were long days in port with nothing to do .	3	2
I think she just wants to be able to touch football players legs .	12	2
And not to belittle the process of creating the standards , the tough part ( and the real meat behind this ) will be an effective exception report on a global basis against these standards .	23	2
Jen , please take care of this for EGM	5	1
National superstores ( Walmart ) will let you walk the store for boxes when they are stocking the stores between 11 pm and 1 am .	13	1
By " sample return " of course I mean a mission that brings back extraterrestrial material .	16	0
Likewise , our GDP metric does not reflect the cost of the increased insecurity individuals may feel with the increased risk of a loss of a job .	20	2
it s a gift from my brother .	1	6
Bananas and plantains , which were first domesticated in Southeast Asia , most likely Papua New Guinea , were re-domesticated in Africa possibly as early as 5,000 years ago .	20	1
This willingness is the main difference in the number of bombings in the south as opposed to the center - north of the country . )	5	2
When creating a new password , be sure that it is at least 6 characters in length and that you use a complex string of numbers , letters , and punctuation marks .	5	0
Be aware that growing Beavertail cactus from seeds takes much longer than growing one from a cutting .	16	2
6 Hakim Mosque , Hakim ( north of Naqsh-e Jahan in the old quarter ) .	3	0
But that 's between the two of them .	3	1
The Board of Muslim clerics in Fallujah , 50 km west of Baghdad , " condemned the assassination and promised immediate revenge against the coalition soldiers in Iraq . "	27	2
They are currently working on a bid ( due 1/31 ) for the Medusa project which involves Murphy ( operator ) , Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks # 538 and # 582 .	12	2
hissing is OK , unless they start to fight .	0	2
Which is why he did n't say we 're at war with Islamic people .	9	1
And I thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations , particularly in the context of something as serious as a US senatorial campaign , by talking about their drinking the night before .	12	2
In my dream I told her , “ Stay , Sonia . Stay . ”	14	0
Mr President , I should like to start by offering my sincere thanks to Mr Martin .	6	1
He stands alone in front of the audience and , ultimately , he has to bring out the best of himself in order to make the audience laugh .	3	1
these systems demonstrate , in microcosm , the global challenge of managing the fire-hose flow of information in contemporary postdigital society .	10	1
We have received intelligence that a Hover Charm was used at your place of residence this evening at twelve minutes past nine .	12	2
" However , the full fuselage trainer , that every astronaut including [ former Museum of Flight CEO ] Bonnie Dunbar has been trained on , will soon call the Museum of Flight home .	13	1
We trust and appreciate Scott Larson and know that he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs !	17	1
Then , suddenly , with great clarity and precision , he saw Bartleby 's window and the blank brick wall before him .	6	2
You can even take some words of languages , altering them or not .	13	0
You anticipate upsizing your application in the future to an Access project and want to create queries that will run with minimal changes in a Microsoft SQL Server database .	2	2
Finding a balance between your personal and professional lives may be one of the year 's strongest challenges .	17	2
A hiss is basically a " get the f*ck away " sound .	11	2
I love this cage , it 's easy to clean , very spacious and fun for the hamster	10	0
I have also purchased an Appel in the last month .	5	2
Another worrisome sign is that local Iraqi Sunni fundamentalists opposed to the US presence in Iraq have begun joining Monotheism and Holy War , and wearing its distinctive orange and black insignia .	15	2
I have also looked at the photo galleries for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants and I have narrowed it down to three establishments .	26	2
Finally , we ask that the Commission ensures that Structural Fund monies are spent in a way which is transparent .	9	1
It was his job to make the food , which consisted mainly of gristle-studded hamburger patties , bland sandwiches with pale tomatoes and wilted lettuce , milkshakes , egg creams , and buns .	16	0
The next day , no one could find my wheel lock and that particular technician was not in .	13	1
i must have had you messed up with some other girl i made the bet with .	0	4
During the first stages of Romanization , the peninsula was divided in two by the Romans for administrative purposes .	6	0
34 - Percentage of Americans who believed in June 2003 that Saddam 's " weapons of mass destruction " had been found .	19	4
I came in to town for a week and forgot my trainers !	5	1
Serves FREE breakfast !	3	0
2 ) I would like to say on a island with an a ) all inclusive resort ( if possible ) , and a beach front room	2	4
When creating a page , you can use the contents of a connection file to set the ConnectionString property of the page , but choose not to create a link between the page and the connection file .	37	0
But in a break from his past rhetoric about curtailing immigration , the GOP nominee proclaimed that as president he would allow “ tremendous numbers ” of legal immigrants based on a “ merit system . ”	16	1
I like that .	1	4
He closed his eyes again wishing it would stop , and then – he fell , face forward , onto cold stone and felt his glasses shatter .	4	1
Your application is still evaluated on a number of criteria , not all of them as " cast in steel " as the points .	10	0
If they do not , if businesspeople feel marginalised , if entrepreneurs cannot take part , not only in managing but also in receiving these funds , we will have missed an opportunity to attain our objectives more rapidly .	27	3
she told me that after friday and saturday she felt i was slowly regressing .	8	5
The man told him that a war between the two universes is coming , as he and Walter had predicted ; it is for this reason that Olivia , among others , was trained as a child .	12	2
If your drawstring is longer than your pinkie then you should cut it off till it is roughly the size of your fingernail .	9	3
As we discussed , here is a first effort at a revised TVA offer letter .	0	1
Bradley 's record of 300 phenophases found that even prior to 1999 , spring was arriving in higher latitudes several weeks earlier than in the earlier years of her data .	25	2
It was built of horizontal planks , and so badly put together that , as he bent over his high desk , he was barred from neck to heels with narrow strips of sunlight .	34	0
Monday's starting next week at 4 ???????????????	5	1
If anyone has any questions on the above please let me know .	11	2
Thomas Rymer , for example , condemned Shakespeare for mixing the comic with the tragic .	11	1
The bird was probably balancing on the little porcelain conductor through which the electricity wire led to the light dangling above him .	2	6
Additional printed copies should be available within the next day or so and I will make them available to all of you - just let me know how many copies you need .	15	2
People treat Facebook as an authentic part of their lives , so you can be sure you are connecting with real people with real interest in your products .	15	1
After the way she spoke to me on my last visit , I will not be returning !!	14	1
Importantly , studying eye movements offers an insight that does not depend on the participants ’ beliefs , memories or subjective impressions of the artwork .	5	6
It ’s sort of like , " Hmmm ... that ’s hilarious . That ’s really really funny " rather than people falling off their chairs .	12	0
Outside of parking being at a premium , especially on discount days , The Laundry Tub is not filthy and it 's no smaller than any of a dozen laundromats I 've been in .	1	1
The letter bombs were sent in connection with the detention of the blind sheik Abdel Rahman and those responsible for the earlier World Trade Center bombing in 1993 .	24	2
Since you asked for input , I hope that you do n't mind that I gave you some .	14	4
It is the real thing - I have been practicing Pilates for over 7 years and would not go anywhere else .	20	1
However , this fruitful period was short-lived , as Greece suffered badly under the Ottoman Empire , only to recover in the 19th century as the capital of independent Greece .	14	2
Due to the Judge in the 1983 case ruling that a CIA agent could not testify using a pseudonym , therefore opening him to cross-examination by Wilson , the prosecution had a problem .	27	0
The Commission accepts all of the contributions of the parliamentary committee and the rapporteur , Mr Koch , which are contained in the various amendments , specifically four .	7	1
( They even got me a couch pretty quickly . )	0	0
Roly was a bachelor and his house was the particular mixture of tranquil luxury and unchangeable dreariness that is a condition of households where white men live indulged in the sole charge of black male servants .	30	1
There has therefore been enough time for the Commission to prepare its programme and for us to become familiar with it and explain it to our citizens .	11	2
Dr. Strzalka at Flagship CVTS is not a good doctor	7	2
My major influences on performance are Eugene Burger and Michael Skinner .	9	2
The best thing you can do in Okinawa is to go to a beach .	10	2
nevertheless , he was treated deferentially in San Francisco , and currency issued in his name was honored in the establishments he frequented .	17	2
( we live in Pennsylvania btw ) I 'm mad and upset now !	0	0
It's durability & look was perfect and I will definitely be adding to my collection soon !	9	1
The repair went quickly and the price was extremely fair .	2	4
The hardest thing in running this business , which is why people ca n't do it , is the relationship that my wife has with the gals and with the customers .	19	2
You should experiment to find your preferred mix before making larger bottles .	9	1
Old time grocery , best steaks I have ever had !	6	4
From the amount of time spent with us to explain things during the initial quote , to the communication through the approval process to the actual workmanship of the build itself .	22	2
Good Morning Debra -	2	2
let me know if you have any interest in the Tco - Pool Leach swap for the winter .	8	1
Food Craving Gone and Weight Loss at Acupuncture Doctor	5	2
All you need is 200 , but remember , the more you post , the more money you make !!	5	0
Hopefully President Bush can accomplish these goals which will not only help strengthen our Chinese allies , but will also help fight the war on terror .	6	2
Be so good , " he says .	0	3
- Mary Little	1	2
Al - Gu'ud had favoured elections and was in good terms with the government .	12	2
Agel is a new company and is uniquely positioned to be the next giant in the network marketing industry .	12	1
It represents a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely human .	7	1
$ 113 m - Amount of total hard money the Bush - Cheney 2000 campaign received , a record .	8	2
It was as though Auster had read his thoughts , divining the thing he wanted most – to eat , to have an excuse to stay a while .	7	4
Near the end of his life Balzac was captivated by the idea of cutting 20,000 acres ( 81 Km2 ) of oak wood in Ukraine and transporting it for sale in France .	21	2
MOON LANDING HOAX : CHURCH = TECHNOLOGY & GOVERNMENT - Shuttle Carried on Aircraft model	11	2
He stood at the sink , drinking cold water and looking at the avocado pear pip growing suspended by three matchsticks in the neck of a pickle jar of water on the sill .	9	1
You can set the color and width of borders of controls .	6	2
“ Agora was invitation - only but many of these marketplaces are easily accessible if you know how to search , ” Dr Lee adds .	13	1
A series of scholarly editions of his work , notably those of Samuel Johnson in 1765 and Edmond Malone in 1790 , added to his growing reputation .	12	1
The story had brillant battle scenes , lovable heroes and villians , a compelling story line , and it left me dying for the next part of the series :) go to taleofterra.com to learn more aboout it	0	2
The Lawyer – the best of old fellows – had , because of his many years and many virtues , the only cushion on deck , and was lying on the only rug .	22	2
However , I did not find her very helpful and her receptionist was rude .	13	1
I bought about half of the furniture I own from this place .	1	4
Joke-telling is one of the best ways to ease tension , make a new friend , or light up a room .	12	2
Best jiu - jitsu mma in Santa Rosa and i have the experience and belt to back it up !	10	4
They sat there for a short time without saying anything .	10	0
The advisor kept me up to date and informed on the progress of my vehicle .	10	2
In today 's instant world , there 's no reason for the instructor not to even have given us a phone call or e-mail if she was going to be late .	7	6
We have updated our site to include a LOST and FOUND page and you can now join our branch and make a secure on - line donation to the charity .	10	2
" It marks the first time in recent years that China has promised to wield its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition initiated by the United States and backed by France and Great Britain . "	35	1
I 'm very happy with the piano lessons Mrs. Lynda Mcmanus taught me .	11	4
I think it 's a combination of the beauty , of the imagination , of the freedom .	9	0
Floating Amount = ( Notional Quantity per Calculation Period X Floating Price ) - USD [ 38,000 ? ]	2	0
Play your CD's , 8 - tracks , reel to reels , cassettes , vinyl 33 / 45's , and shellac 78's through this little integrated amp , you 'll get a big eye opener !	22	1
many PCs have sleep & charge now , that allow the PC to go into sleep mode , and still allow the USB ports to charge things like phones .	3	2
Even though they still charge you the days you booked but wo n't use , it is worth the get the hell out of this crap hole .	25	2
Beside these two buses , there is no public transport , but car rental with driver is available .	13	2
He was most widely recognized for some of his books .	10	0
With over 40,000 inhabitants , though , it 's not just a nature reserve .	7	5
With the development of artificial twines the sisal boom ended , and Mérida slowed to a more sleepy provincial capital until development picked back up in the late 20th century .	10	0
How do people look at and experience art ?	6	4
The continued Israeli colonization of the occupied Palestinian territories during the 1990s helped , along with terrorist attacks by radical groups such as Hamas , to derail the peace process , which Sharon had always opposed .	11	2
If you have any other questions , please let me know .	0	1
Israel 's security interests are best served by peace with its neighbors , which can only be achieved by trading land for peace with the Palestinians .	23	1
So far , every prediction in the modern era that mankind 's lot will worsen , from Thomas Malthus to Karl Marx , has turned out to be spectacularly wrong .	24	2
Did you ever see anything like it – eh ?	1	1
The popular comic actor Will Kempe played the servant Peter in Romeo and Juliet and Dogberry in Much Ado About Nothing , among other characters .	9	1
And that 's exactly what happens with PCBs in this food pyramid :	11	2
It s simply not just a case of avoiding pork , alcohol and only being allowed to eat halal prepared meat , but the kitchen and its utensils should not have been used for prohibited foods .	5	2
For the last few years there have been tensions with Iran ’s nuclear program with word coming this week that a deal was reached through the European Union that meets with the approval of the International Atomic Energy Agency .	15	2
Foster 's washed up . A has-been . A mean-faced bozo . Quinn chewed his food carefully , feeling with his tongue for stray bits of bone .	13	4
He takes it apart , puts spells on it and puts it back together again .	9	1
I also believe that the regional authorities are not all in a position to establish contacts with the Commission .	19	0
During the Six Day War , Yehoshua says that he felt himself linked to a great event , that he was within a historic wave and at one with its flow .	18	1
They will be distributed on a business basis first , then personal use .	4	1
It may also require establishing community childcare centers , so that women farmers have the option to spend more time farming .	2	1
RE : ???	2	0
While they moved off , she said , Guess what my name is ?	5	5
I do n't like to write to him – with those messengers of ours you never know who may get hold of your letter – at that Central Station .	20	2
I offer compassionate , approachable and personalized counseling services .	7	2
" He argues ( in a speech revealingly entitled " The Contribution of the Financial Sector : Miracle or Mirage ? " ) that the financial sector 's reported contribution to GDP has been significantly overrated .	1	4
The Onion : An interview with ' America 's Finest News Source '	5	1
Iran 's coast facing the Persian Gulf is a looming wall of mountains that look down upon any naval forces arrayed in those waters .	15	1
Like everything else , infrastructure and transportation has only just begun in recent years .	14	0
Its projected demand , boosted by a huge rise in car ownership as well as the need to find alternatives to polluting coal for electricity generation , has contributed to the surge in the price of oil this year .	23	1
The government 's ban on diesel vehicles within Athens and the early 1990s initiatives to improve car emissions have greatly contributed to better atmospheric conditions in the basin .	20	2
He also said that the other five companies making the short list all proposed alternative structures to the proposed NiMo Tier Structure .	17	2
All I can say is that Elmira you are the best I ve experienced , never before has the seamstress done a perfect job until i met you .	1	4
and she was always really shy to show that off to people , and I wanted to help her show that stuff , and I wanted to bring it out to the world .	11	2
Substantive checks back to source contract documentation for the forward priced and unpriced positions report ( spot checking the key position report signed off by the traders )	25	2
Then there is the famous project No-8 of the 14 very important projects endorsed by the Essen summit .	1	1
Finally I descended the hill , obliquely , towards the trees I had seen .	14	0
Jimmy Plant , Blogshares is a fantasy blogosphere trading game with pretend money .	6	2
As I mentioned , please let me know when it is ready , and I will send someone to pick it up .	14	4
At least this era left a legacy of efficient search engines and a fiber-optic infrastructure .	7	1
I ve paid 500 for a double room there and it was fine and clean .	13	1
Wilkes was re-elected and expelled twice more , before the House of Commons resolved that his candidature was invalid and declared the runner - up as the victor .	9	2
Following the creation of the IMF in 1944 , many of the same decisions became routine , a lot less interesting , and much easier to implement .	8	0
To save money Robert McNamara ordered that the ammunition for the new M - 16s being sent to SEA in the early 60s use an older ( dirtier ) type of gunpowder meant for use with the M - 14 .	20	2
Maybe having an experienced doctor might be better than some guy that is cheaper but less experienced !	12	6
Whitmore told LA Weekly that on October 6 after traveling back from Florida , Montalvo " walked into lobby of the East L.A. station and turned himself in " , and told the police , " everything he did " .	34	0
We do n't want too many tourists , and since we 'll both be out of school we can go anytime between the middle of June to early November .	11	2
then i told her i felt i should be able to screw missy just once .	14	1
However , despite their child 's severe illness , and her lack of improvement , the Sams continued to shun conventional medical treatment , instead seeking help from other homeopaths and naturopaths .	28	1
The crust was lopsided , thicker on one side than the other .	1	2
I have price targets of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE and will use calls to implement the stategy .	20	2
Socotra is considered the jewel of biodiversity in the Arabian Sea .	1	6
The golden rays feel soft and soothing .	4	1
They do n't seem to know anything but the hype they are told and the packages they have available to them .	21	0
3 ) After about day 2 , they will start to eating the millet spray from your hand .	13	2
I was unsure of what he should wear , it says business casual but that can be interpreted in many different ways .	9	5
Actually , I think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just do n't be too mad if I have to cancel .	13	1
Since the article was specifically about " death metal " I guess the author missed this little tidbit or we just have waaaaaaaaaaaaay different definitions of morality :	18	1
Assad the Father did not kill tens of thousands of his own citizens in one week in El Hamma in Syria because of Israel .	7	1
This campaign season , there have been questions about whether George W. Bush fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s .	4	1
As such , instead of accepting that the world behaves randomly and at times totally averse to one 's preferences , the arrogant person seeks to control everything and everyone , which of course , is an impossible mission .	1	1
In theory , market - determined currency values are supposed to isolate the domestic economy from the vagaries of international finance , rising when money floods in and falling when the flows are reversed .	15	1
In fact , agriculture offers the continent its best opportunity to turn a vicious cycle of poverty into a virtuous cycle of development .	9	2
Definitely recommend !	0	1
Just wanted to know were we stand on the ETA and PA for Argentina ?	5	4
But their parents refused to accept this .	1	3
Dwarf Hamster Making Too Much Noise On Wheel at Night ?	0	1
Sorry about that , I was working on the Teco O&M costs .	10	2
Then take care of yourself .	5	0
So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)	28	1
1 . I tested it out by making a figure boat	8	2
They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs , as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs	12	1
Unfortunately , those left behind to be filmed , where those without transportation or means .	5	1
Your mom just called and said your dad 's surgery will be at 2:30 p.m .	6	2
He was sent to France to have insignias made for members of the Society , a group of veterans of the war .	15	2
After he lost a lawsuit in which he tried to void his rice contract , Norton 's public prominence faded .	16	1
You ca n't beat the price for what you get .	7	1
Oh man , well ?	4	0
I have a bit of experience watching the usual assembly line .	1	4
Watch as the chemical compound creates a colorful glow .	1	1
A slave in the hold of a ship in the eighteenth century and a Jew or a gipsy in a concentration camp in the nineteen-forties .	15	1
Department of Labor Findings on the Worst Forms of Child Labor reported that 56 % of children aged 5 to 14 were working children and that almost 53 % of children aged 7 to 14 combined work and school .	0	2
What cleaners can I use to dust around my budgie .	7	1
Service - the workers are usually pleasant .	4	4
Prototaxites , laying down , was about three feet tall .	2	3
How do you make your cat adjust to a new house ?	6	2
Seagal made headlines when he described Russia 's actions in Crimea , which it annexed in 2014 , as " very reasonable " .	18	1
He co-founded the left-liberal al-Ahali group in 1932 , a significant political organisation in the 1930s and 1940s .	16	1
I do n't like that option though - I think it 's pretty cruel and I'd not done properly you 'll end up really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop possible injury to your snake .	29	1
The " Hatfill theory " accusing Dr. Stephen Hatfill was always highly dubious .	10	1
Pop , would go one of the eight-inch guns ; a small flame would dart and vanish , a little white smoke would disappear , a tiny projectile would give a feeble screech – and nothing happened .	29	2
My spirits recovered , and as soon as I had got into my habit , I followed him to the garden I have already told about .	3	0
Anyway , I tried to get a preorder but no places were selling it so I missed out on 2/3 weekend events .	14	1
You forget , dear Charlie , that the laborer is worthy of his hire , she said , brightly .	13	2
The best thing you can do in Okinawa is to go to a beach .	6	1
The people who carry out these underground arms / drugs / sex trafficking deals are trauma based mind controlled slaves .	3	4
Anne , please , include this info in Iris ' file	3	0
Over two hours later ( and ten minutes before they closed ) my car was finally finished .	8	1
It was built of horizontal planks , and so badly put together that , as he bent over his high desk , he was barred from neck to heels with narrow strips of sunlight .	29	1
I 'd be happy if someone helps , especially someone who has been to Fujairah or lives there . :)	13	1
While the ominous possibilities of heightened Iraqi chaos , missiles in the Gulf , and Syrian involvement loom large if the US attacks Iran , all pale in comparison to the involvement of China in any US / Iran engagement .	35	1
I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program .	14	2
I say this remembering that Jacques Maritain once characterized European anti-Semitism of the twentieth century as an attempt to get rid of the moral burden of Christianity .	27	0
They love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos , celery , cucumbers , carrots .	11	2
He had the same pale , pointed face and identical cold grey eyes .	12	2
Try recording your joke on a tape player and playing it back to yourself .	2	2
It is precisely when engines are claimed to be environment-friendly because they consume less fuel that we can not make any exceptions .	5	4
Even for those who later abstain , " visual - spatial abilities , abstraction , problem solving , and short - term memory , are the slowest to recover . "	23	0
You wo n't be tripping over boxes and you can have a better idea of what you have and where things are .	22	0
Day after day , with the stamp and shuffle of sixty pair of bare feet behind me , each pair under a 60-lb. load .	9	1
The apartment across from mine belonged to a gang of hookers .	2	1
There were light bulbs representing the stars and line drawings of the celestial figures .	5	2
Yes maam , she 's UBS now .	2	0
I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker ... and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me ... " the inspection guy is n't here today " .... for example .	36	2
Mweta had the mummified look of one who has become a vessel of ritual .	4	2
( Hat Tip : Captain s Quarters )	6	2
I had an interesting conversation with a middle - aged taxi driver who used to live in Fallujah and is now at relatives in Amiriya , Baghdad .	10	2
However , having driven with you on several occasions I feel confident you will be able to pass the test with flying colors .	16	1
all know that after the end of the year they 'll be on contract , and that means they 'll be replaced in three years .	3	1
National superstores ( Walmart ) will let you walk the store for boxes when they are stocking the stores between 11 pm and 1 am .	10	2
At some point or another , most people realize that the world does n't revolve around them .	8	4
( 2 ) This right may not be invoked in the case of prosecutions genuinely arising from non - political crimes or from acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations .	30	1
For several decades , Rymer 's view held sway ;	8	2
In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .	11	2
Laura and I are Methodists .	5	0
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	7	6
After 1608 , they performed at the indoor Blackfriars Theatre during the winter and the Globe during the summer .	16	1
Debra Perlingiere	1	2
The actors in Shakespeare 's company included the famous Richard Burbage , William Kempe , Henry Condell and John Heminges .	7	2
This stream should be covering both P&I and not just principal .	2	2
Revolutionary re-enactments , and breathtaking views of the GW Bridge , the Little Red Light House , Hudson River and majestic city skyline .	13	2
Marx 's work Das Kapital also makes constant reference to the works of Balzac and urged Engels to read Balzac 's work The Unknown Masterpiece .	20	1
In any case , I congratulate Mrs Thors on her French ; I certainly can not speak in Swedish or Finnish .	4	4
Action Network is a BBC website for people who are taking action on issues that concern them .	0	2
Zawahiri , Al Qaeda 's # 2 , is head of Al Qaeda 's biochemical program .	3	2
I am sending you some info that I have passed along regarding the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefit .	0	4
He tried to tell me it was when I told asked him if he knew what fps stood for and he had no clue .	21	4
The real purpose of my call , however , is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol .	4	3
Dr Greenwalt fixed my neck from a snowboard injury and was way more effective that a regular doctor .	11	1
Meanwhile , his place in tribune was occupied by Marco Antonio , who held the position until December .	5	2
Should there be death penalty , for deliberate multiple murders ?	5	0
Should n't all the liquidation values from the beginning of the month be a negative ( representing positive liquidation ) for the puts ?	16	1
The early plays were influenced by the works of other Elizabethan dramatists , especially Thomas Kyd and Christopher Marlowe , by the traditions of medieval drama , and by the plays of Seneca .	13	1
Harry looked up , hardly daring to believe it .	5	2
simple but perfect	1	1
She sort of appologized for Dan taking the day off to go skiing - but he could do the repair on Sunday !	15	5
Common room was comfortable and clean , very good room to read or relax . –	2	6
Whitmore stated Montalvo left Scientology-related employment in Los Angeles on September 24 .	2	2
" This is a disaster for pain patients , " Mailis said in an interview Thursday with CBC News .	9	0
Focus your list on including the things you typically put off , not the things you are sure to do on a regular basis .	10	1
You might be able to make a version of your setup work , but it would take quite a bit of charcoal and a lot of forced air .	23	2
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .	7	2
The kitchen was small and rather cramped .	6	1
Respondents were asked to indicate their race from among the following categories : White ; Black or African American ; Hispanic ; American Indian or Native American ; and Asian or Pacific Islander .	15	2
Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population have been destroyed , with some used as building material and others as urinals .	2	2
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	27	2
Please use this new file as opposed to the one I sent earlier .	7	1
Have no idea what kind of restaurant this is or where it is .	2	2
A standard file format provided by Microsoft Data Links to create file-persistent OLE DB data source object definitions .	6	2
If so , you may want to split and cover .	4	2
I am going to have to miss your wedding .	2	2
We looked at the venerable stream not in the vivid flush of a short day that comes and departs for ever , but in the august light of abiding memories .	22	1
I was sold a phone by a friend and sent it off to get it recycled what can i do ?	16	1
It is often beautiful , but its sentences tend to start , pause , and finish at the end of lines , with the risk of monotony .	25	1
In ’72 or ’73 , if you were a pilot , active or Guard , and you had an obligation and wanted to get out , no problem .	2	1
Therefore , I need to know ASAP if there are any problems with the draft as written .	2	4
complete with original Magnavox tubes - all tubes have been tested they are all good - stereo amp	11	4
In order to win the war it is also necessary to dry the financial resources of the terror conglomerate .	12	2
The outer circle can not be eliminated by force .	5	2
STOA , to produce for us a paper which indicated low sulphur fuels are essential .	8	1
The most well known effects of IDD are visible goiter and cretinism , a condition characterised by severe brain damage occurring in very early life .	8	1
Although , I do n't think that scary movies will affect pets for a long time ; I am sure they 'll forget sometime -- or am I wrong ?	13	2
It has cat 's " Meowing " for the vocals , and you might really find yourself in those furnaces , feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they die .	0	5
They are the only place I would take my car peiod .	6	2
I still have them and they are doing well .	8	1
The conference will also discuss what it will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to achieve an efficient regime for ensuring that the nation has a reliable grid and regional trading system .	22	1
It is a great course for local golfers to be proud of and all the comments in 2008 have been very positive !!	4	2
It represents a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely human .	10	2
He closed his eyes again wishing it would stop , and then – he fell , face forward , onto cold stone and felt his glasses shatter .	17	1
We have already seen where poor Regulation of rapidly evolving financial markets can lead .	7	1
Neither the ISO board , which had established the price cap , nor the governor learned of Winter 's actions until the cap had been removed .	20	1
‘’ It was the first time that Bush totally focused on the Taliban threat rather than Al Qaeda with the Pakistanis , ’’ says a Western diplomat .	25	1
In the shot from the back , the crumpled bottom of the curtain is pretty noticeable as well as the power outlet .	11	2
Almost half of all Australian primary school children are mild to moderately iodine deficient , researchers say .	17	0
Do n't pinch on the lower part of the stem , or the basil plants will grow tall and reedy .	16	2
Tina McKenzie . Image : Australian Paralympic Committee .	7	2
As the counterman swung into action , he spoke over his shoulder to Quinn .	2	2
I think they may even be better than the pair I have been using this past year !	12	2
This group does sound pretty interesting though .	5	1
A man with a lot of friends	0	2
We are the children of poverty , financial and spiritual .	7	1
This is the ARES group that handles returned samples ( Moon Rocks , Genesis chips , Meteorites , and Interplanetary Dust Particles collected by U2 in the stratosphere ) .	11	2
The Caribbean Sea had been unknown to the populations of Eurasia until 1492 , when Christopher Columbus first sailed into Caribbean waters on a quest to find a sea route to Asia .	12	1
" Their screams changed , " Dr. Fortier said .	0	0
I believe this is a job for the final compromise round of Europe 's finance ministers .	3	6
Set the daily budget you are comfortable with .	5	5
( See attached file : ENRON - SCHEDULE ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc ) ( See attached file : ENRON - Para13 ( nmemdrft8-7-01 ) .doc )	15	2
However there are many MLAs with deeply - held religious beliefs who oppose any new legislation .	12	4
The young bachelors romped and the tousled girls , passing close by , or smiling suddenly at people they were n't aware of , gave up the scent of cosmetics and perfume heated on their bodies .	6	1
The Syrian Air Force is comprised of ten to eleven fighter / attack squadrons and sixteen fighter squadrons , totaling somewhere near 650 aircraft .	4	6
It was there , in this Central African territory , that he had been a colonial servant until the settlers succeeded in having him recalled and deported for his support of the People 's Independence Party .	30	1
You know when the meeting with schedulers will be ?	6	2
' What ! Dead ? ' I asked , startled .	3	1
This place is a complete embarrassment .	2	6
25 - Percentage of the world 's oil used by America .	6	1
During the spring , summer , and fall , the Beavertail cactus grows and will benefit from a balanced fertilizer .	15	2
We look to the Commission also to ensure that there is matched funding for projects .	6	1
I highly recommend them to all of my friends !!!! !	0	4
This formidable enemy , which gave the Indian army a black eye in the mid-1980s , has been operating in northeastern India and in the Andaman Sea for a long time .	6	2
Your emotional reactions to any piece of news about an Israeli casualty , a plane shot down , are pre-determined .	20	0
I forgot to tell you that I saw your friend on a re-run Jeopardy the other night and I almost called you but it came on at 11:30 .	23	5
If I threw him against a wall and still conscious he will run away , do I hang him by the tail so the blood can flush into his skull ?	27	1
It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms , a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war .	15	1
Their so called mechanic said the engine was good and " There is nothing mechanicly wrong with this truck " .	17	2
The policy dilemmas that have resulted – rising inequality , greater volatility , reduced room to manage the real economy – will continue to preoccupy policymakers in the decades ahead .	1	2
However , the situation is rapidly changing now with Łódź campaigning and redesigning itself as an up-and-coming destination .	4	6
Directive 96/96/EC established the principle that commercial road vehicles must undergo an annual roadworthiness test at an approved testing centre .	18	2
He and Ron went down to breakfast to find Mr and Mrs Weasley and Ginny already sitting at the kitchen table .	12	2
It established him as an author of note ( even if the surface owes a debt to Walter Scott ) and provided him with a name outside his past pseudonyms .	17	1
Price increases will cause a dramatic reduction in American real incomes .	2	2
IN MY OPINION SHOULD OF JUST TOOK OFF THE PRICE OF THE WINGS FROM THE BILL .	13	1
Athens ( Greek : Αθήνα , Athína ) , is the capital city of Greece with a metropolitan population of 3.7 million inhabitants .	12	2
As important , the new PUCT Commissioners need some help right now in messaging the market .	6	2
As he passed the door to the living room , Harry caught a glimpse of Uncle Vernon and Dudley in bow-ties and dinner jackets .	11	4
We had an inside cabin and it is what I would recommend .	2	2
This retreat came as a surprise to the Austro - Prussian army , and almost all of the Danish army succeeded in completing the evacuation .	0	2
1 A custom group field that appears as the parent of the Category custom group field .	6	6
46 - Percentage of Republican federal judges when Bush came to office .	5	1
This is my favorite coffee store .	4	2
The Mate 9 phones lack an artificial intelligence interface , like the Google Assistant or Apple 's Siri .	8	2
The study of literature is itself heavily " politicized . "	8	3
True to form , the EU under German leadership offered far too little and demanded far too much from Ukraine .	8	2
Kristen Wilkins , curator of " Andy Warhol : Photographs and Prints from the University Collection " at the University of Southern Indiana , January 23 - March 9 2014 .	19	2
I found nothing else to do but to offer him one of my good Swede 's ship 's biscuits I had in my pocket .	15	1
" We applaud China 's space achievements , " NASA spokesman Allard Beutel said Tuesday .	3	2
If I have a criticism of the Legal Affairs Committee 's opinion , it is that it is too one-sided .	1	4
Compared with other emerging economies , China is cut from a different cloth .	0	5
Darin Fisher wrote this response on January 25 , 2005 :	8	0
These countries ' global economic and financial significance has grown rapidly , yet they have relatively little representation at the Fund .	21	0
Tina Anselmi was born on the 25th of March , 1927 in Castelfranco Veneto ; she grew up in an anti-fascist Catholic family , which was marked by the persecution of her militant socialist father .	24	1
They 're guaranteed to be light and fluffy and perfect for any occasion .	1	4
He has the family look the brown eyes , arched brows , dark coloring , and white hair .	18	0
They compensate for this by creating the impression that they have a lot of friends - they have a ' quantity , not quality ' mentality .	13	1
That is in fact the point of departure we have chosen here and I am very glad all this has been properly understood .	14	6
Unfortunately , a family emergency required me to conquer this fear .	6	4
She next faced defending champion and top seed Sara Errani , but was defeated .	7	2
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , too , has identified increased female labor - force participation as critical to efforts to revive his country 's long - dormant economy .	2	1
I sat generally on the floor , while , of faultless appearance ( and even slightly scented ) , perching on a high stool , he wrote , he wrote .	30	0
The Pakistani press reported that she was nabbed in Karachi after being spotted at the airport in late March or early April 2003 .	13	1
$ 36 - Amount allocated per person for homeland security in Wyoming , Vice - President Cheney 's home state .	5	1
Indeed , in 2013 , the Chinese services sector became the economy 's largest , surpassing the combined share of the manufacturing and construction sectors .	11	2
The US has strongly opposed a nuclear weapons program of Iran , yet Israel , which to this day has never officially said that they posses nuclear weapons , ranks around fifth in nuclear strength .	6	1
Did you think when you created it that the Santorum cocktail would receive this news coverage ?	12	2
In discussion with Dave , we thought it would be good to put this together in a format of questions and answers .	5	4
2000 - Year that Cheney said his policy as CEO of Halliburton oil services company was " we would n't do anything in Iraq " .	16	0
Different ... one was in the jungle , the other is in the high mountain deserts .	6	2
Iraq , already a seething cauldron , will sink further into chaos .	8	2
I 'll be back on Monday .	6	0
It is hard to find ... and the mexican food is bland , almost equivalent to eating out of a can .	4	2
This is car number 3 we 've purchased through them .	0	2
The only way to fight this new " popular " weapon is identical to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas : the offensive way .	7	0
when it came to the joinery she knew we could fix that later .	7	4
That 's all right , officer , this is Colonel Bray .	11	0
THEY ARE VERY RUDE AND NASTY .	0	4
Quality and service come first here .	2	2
Of course , the potential of educated , empowered women to drive sustained economic growth is not limited to South Korea .	6	2
But European approval of the raid would endanger the plans of France for a new international order .	13	2
And yet he goes on to say , Quinn added , that Cid Hamete Benengali 's is the only true version of Don Quixote 's story .	24	1
One minister reportedly handed out 100 dollar ' gifts ' to journalists attending a press conference for Allawi , a practice that brings back bad memories to many Iraqis .	0	1
The popular comic actor Will Kempe played the servant Peter in Romeo and Juliet and Dogberry in Much Ado About Nothing , among other characters .	12	1
Just another big Iraq whoopsie daisy , huh ?	1	1
That said , when we started out I did n't know the difference between the GNU Free Document License and my California Driver 's license .	19	1
Controls in the Form , Report , or page footer sections will be placed as unbound controls in the navigation section of the outermost group level .	11	2
Kind regards ,	0	1
The next day , two of Hathaway 's neighbours posted bonds guaranteeing that no lawful claims impeded the marriage .	1	1
Where can I go on a first date ( adults ) ?	8	0
Do you want to see all the sites or simply a few photos and on your way to the next place .	12	2
Magali Van Belle Consultant PHB Hagler Bailly MANAGEMENT AND ECONOMIC CONSULTANTS PHB Hagler Bailly , Inc. ( 202 ) 828-3933 direct dial 1776 Eye Street , N.W. ( 202 ) 296-3858 facsimile Washington , D.C. 20006-3700 mvanbell@haglerbailly.com e-mail	11	2
Oh God , Timothy , not that again .	0	1
My house already feels fresh and good thanks to the Battery Park Pest I 'm enjoying my time indoors much better .	11	2
Shakespeare signed his last will and testament on 25 March 1616 ;	9	1
If you have to wait , due to financial reasons , then wait .	10	0
I attended it for 2 years , and that was enough .	6	0
For that and many other reasons we support the motion for a resolution .	3	1
( Applause . ) "	0	0
Fill it halfway with books , and fill it up with lighter stuff .	11	2
well , of course , you know .	3	1
In the world of " Wei 's magic cubes , " all seem to be ingeniously planned and tricky .	17	1
Over the last half - century , South Korea has made considerable economic progress , with per capita income increasing from a mere $ 80 dollars in 1960 to more than $ 22,000 last year .	0	1
I know it s in the wrong catagory , but still , I wrote this question for a reason , not for you to critisize me .	20	1
But nothing is certain .	2	6
By flooding himself with externals , by drowning himself out of himself , he had managed to exert some small degree of control over his fits of despair .	20	2
You should use the same spreadsheet format used for the 1/29/02 DPR .	2	2
MMA also captured the Northwest Frontier Province , which probably shelters Bin Laden and al - Zawahiri , and is in a joint government of Baluchistan Province , also on the Afghanistan border .	24	1
Historic fire station in Księży Młyn area	0	1
Although he married late in life , Balzac had already written two treatises on marriage :	14	2
One thing you can be sure of about Irish weather is how little you can be sure of .	15	2
Method 3 of 3 : Harvesting and Using Basil	0	2
She gave me amazing pictures at an amazing price and made my wedding day so memorable .	10	4
Enron could be an ideal environment from which to the concept enhancement through to commercialization could be successfully accomplished .	1	2
50 - Percentage decline in Environmental Protection Agency enforcement actions against polluters under Bush 's watch .	16	0
You can filter on more than one field at a time to further narrow the focus .	8	1
But without the delivery service , much of those profits simply would have gone to others .	14	1
Her flexibility and accessibility made for an easy closing .	4	4
It is important to recognize that the specific format of the east-west numbered street names is West / East 71st Street North / South .	17	0
The wake also included the night sit were friends and family sit up through the night with the remains .	19	0
I 'm really worried cause I have no idea who to talk to and want everything to go smoothly .	18	1
This , as well as the deficiencies in the networks of infrastructures and services and a generally very low level of employment , which furthermore is seasonal and lacks diversity , exacerbates the exodus from rural areas .	25	6
This visa , which is really little more than a piece of paper on which you list your vital statistics , costs between 15 - 25 CUC ( or € 15 - 25 ) , depending on where purchased .	4	6
When you have a minute , I 'll give me a call and I 'll come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel .	15	2
Create a new layer and fill the later with black .	3	2
Then she lets go and falls .	1	5
Thought since I will be in Houston , stop by your office for few minutes .	1	1
Labor shifted from farming to mining .	1	4
Olivia played records with the living-room windows wide open so that the music came out to them .	0	2
This is important , but so is enforcement and there are , of course , a number of reasons why we need to pay particular attention to this .	7	2
Remove your fingers from the existing grip and replace them with your new laser grip .	13	2
Now and then a carrier dead in harness , at rest in the long grass near the path , with an empty water-gourd and his long staff lying by his side .	20	2
Her high school graduation picture was an aerial photograph .	0	4
Neil Bayley was the one to find this out , because of some domestic mishap or misunderstanding that made his arrival at the visitors ' stand very late .	26	1
PCBs accumulate in dolphins in Sarasota Bay , in Texas , in North Carolina .	3	2
However , the friendship has fallen apart due to unofficial collaborations between the two , which has given rise to legal disputes .	0	1
They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs , as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs	20	2
EnronOnline will assist users , upon request , in arranging for the connection of " T1 " lines or other means of direct access to EnronOnline , as an alternative to internet access .	24	1
I will bear in mind however , as these debates are of especial interest to me , that Spain has been particularly affected .	0	4
To avoid collapse the Russians may be driven into a war with China .	0	1
I have been to Kim at Cheveux for more than five years .	4	2
I enjoy going there although i 've only been there once , i will be returning toda to recieve a pair of french tips and i will only go to the best and to me the best is here .	1	4
Since you asked for input , I hope that you do n't mind that I gave you some .	4	2
Attached are the GCP Signoffs on EOL Approvals for 11/29/00 with GCP responses marked in Red .	5	1
attendance by commercial banking sector , specialist lawyers or chambers of commerce was not sufficient .	13	2
The first was to tell himself that he was no longer Daniel Quinn .	1	1
A different layout lets you calculate and compare summarized values for different elements in your data , or display summaries for a subset of the data .	15	2
The plan ca n't be described as a binary , a breakaway , a unilevel , or a forced matrix .	9	0
Could this be what you r referencing ?	7	0
So does anyone know what the difference is ?	1	6
The US has strongly opposed a nuclear weapons program of Iran , yet Israel , which to this day has never officially said that they posses nuclear weapons , ranks around fifth in nuclear strength .	25	4
Besides , the wooing power of flowery , gushing compliments is diminished ( to say the least ) when the compliments are displayed in a tiny box at the bottom of the screen alongside cartoon smiley faces .	5	1
Simply type in the following United Way link , http://unitedway.enron.com or go directly to Internet Explorer or Netscape and type in unitedway.enron.com in the address field .	0	1
Friendly , knowledgeable , and above all fair .	1	0
What ingredients go in the Santorum cocktail ?	4	2
Archibald , a middle - class Alabama boy -- who , by the way , is now a registered Democrat -- did n't like that story .	6	2
Cj and company did all that we ask and 10 times more .	9	1
It rained and people felt chilly on the veranda and drifted indoors .	11	1
" Balzac has received high praise from critics as diverse as Walter Benjamin and Camille Paglia .	15	1
3 When you filter a field , the drop-down arrow Field arrow for the filtered field changes to blue instead of black , and the AutoFilter button on the toolbar is selected .	19	1
The Peak District ( Derbyshire ) is the closest .	4	2
If your ( US ) provider has a deal with a canadian wireless company , you texts and calls will go through .	6	6
Notwithstanding this , we shall certainly consider the suggestions put forward by the Socialist Group .	14	2
At every floor , make a loud announcement telling everyone the floor number .	2	2
Place tubs of used kitty litter around entrances of the house .	2	1
These words are much more dangerous than many people realize .	8	2
In recent years , Łódź has been battling rising unemployment and youth migration resulting from the failing textile industry and is repositioning itself as a hub for design and creative industries .	6	2
We have worked on the networks too long for this to happen .	6	1
With the price caps gone , the generators filed paperwork with federal regulators justifying higher costs .	1	2
The Hatfill theory -- to include ongoing interviews and ongoing 7 / 24 surveillance by 8 surveillance specialists -- is now the subject of pending civil rights and libel claims of uncertain merit .	13	2
Yes . That was me .	0	1
yea i guess but rabbits a easily escape a pen or another rabbit could get in there and that rabbit could be the opposite gender .	8	2
good luck with your new house and with his new territory !	7	1
I specially did n't say anything about the colour because I did n't want to muddle you up .	13	2
Bending to the right indicates : " I know the right way to request You . "	4	6
There are far too many lazy people out there who think that they can sit around a job will fall in their lap .	8	1
Nina Chahine , 19 , who with her family was among the named plaintiffs in the lawsuit , said her wedding in the southern city of Tyre was set for July 13 .	26	2
Mercedes and Dan are very thorough and on top of everything !	6	1
After all , establishing a genuine fiscal union would require strong political commitment – and considerable legwork .	11	1
Finally I descended the hill , obliquely , towards the trees I had seen .	3	2
Among humans both males and females are ardent singers , and making music is mostly a communal activity .	12	2
Thank you for your help .	2	1
At present , there are no plans for additional meetings with foreign powers to discuss the Bush exploration initiative or to extend an invitation to China to join the space station partnership , Beutel said .	20	1
( Although , we have broken that rule for Legal in the past . )	2	0
Ok , calm down , it 's not like he 's some stranger that came up and groped me lol .	7	1
He 's a good chap , if they 'll let him alone , he 's learnt a lot , and one 's done what one could ...	22	2
For instance , you 'll want to avoid making lots of jokes at your own expense .	2	0
First time to go on A cruise any and all info is appreciated	4	1
And around and around it goes , shouted the boy , suddenly spreading his arms and spinning around the room like a gyroscope .	2	1
Personally , I do n't find a travel agent to be of value to me as I am willing to put in the time doing research on the internet .	17	6
I have sat here patiently and I find it quite extraordinary that you are not calling me .	16	4
Golden Age Spanish or Early Modern Spanish is the variant of the language that constitutes the transition from Medieval Spanish to Modern Spanish .	20	1
Even if we can not help you here in Enron , he may be able to put you in touch with other CV groups in town .	12	2
In May , Czech border guards shot two Sudeten German farmers who were trying to cross the border into Czechoslovakia without stopping for border controls .	14	1
Lexus IS 300 .	3	0
Why not ?	0	1
We 're quite far from our goals currently , but we take comfort in the fact that every month wikiHow gets noticeably better and larger	3	1
But even at these times the rest of his person seemed to disclaim the intention .	5	2
Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end , Gemini , and now you 're going to start reaping the rewards these " lessons " have left in their wake .	13	2
It is a very cruel death with bodies dismembered and horrible severe lifelong injuries to many of the wounded .	13	2
And with China set to become the world 's biggest aviation market in the next decade , the show is an opportunity for Beijing to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aviation as well as defence .	26	4
The Islamic citizens who have settled since the beginning of the 1960s emigrated primarily from Turkey .	8	2
1584 Lopez 's book translated into Italian by Tarsia and published in Venice .	11	1
He ate a mouthful of the left-over granadilla pudding , and there was the smallest tremor , passing for a moment through his head .	17	2
Handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of KSM , Al Qaeda 's # 3 , included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed the recruitment of necessary expertise .	37	0
Meiring is more than an embarrassment .	0	2
What do you really know about George W. Bush ’s time in the Air National Guard ?	10	2
This contact with the West during the 16th century lead to a period of profound economic growth as lucrative trade routes were established .	18	1
We are a consortium of legit honorable guilds that was established in 1997 for DI and we are now adding GW to the list of games played .	8	1
You take a boat across the river , then spend a day biking , eating at a local restaurant , buying souvenirs and doing other things that are geared towards tourists .	25	2
WASHINGTON , DC – In his recent State of the Union address , US President Barack Obama reiterated his ambition to complete the Trans - Pacific Partnership , a proposed trade agreement among the US and 11 Pacific countries .	39	0
He was utterly gracious and took it like a man , I am beyond furious .	0	5
More significantly , China holds a large portion of the American economy in the palm of its hand .	8	1
They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs , as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs	13	1
At parties she does not want to be considered in any way attached to you , which is consistent .	3	6
Nina Leopold Bradley , a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer Aldo Leopold , published a 1999 paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on her 61 - year uninterrupted phenological records .	37	0
Grab a book / novel and translate it to your own language .	3	0
European-American settlement of the area commenced in the 1860s , and in 1911 the completion of the first of several large reservoirs in the mountains north and east of Phoenix insured its success as a center for irrigation-based agriculture .	13	2
69 - Percentage of Americans who believed the White House 's claims in September 2003 that Saddam Hussein was personally involved in the 11 September attacks .	22	2
Another person in the store stood there with an item and repeatedly tried to get a sales person s attention .	3	2
They 've been complete pain in the asses !	1	4
the telephone number is incorrect - our new mobile number is 07551310002 or landline 01634 710033 .	2	2
Instead , they decided that Albania would be under Ottoman suzerainty but with an autonomous government .	4	1
As a parent , I can well imagine how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning .	11	2
An element supporting this hypothesis would be the intense royal livestock of horses that took place at Villa Pelucca , in Sesto San Giovanni .	10	2
Bill was the oldest Weasley brother .	1	6
When you get the tank make sure you wash the inside ( with plain water ) then you wash the gravel ( with only water too ) take out all the stuff that is floating on top .	24	2
Repeat the above two steps for all bottles , ensuring that everything is cleaned between uses to prevent color contamination .	7	2
Power producers then turned their attention toward killing that cap , saying they could n't make a profit even under these constraints .	21	2
Were you a golfer , I ca n't quite remember ... ?	2	2
This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .	8	1
We might be mistaken in using the gross domestic product per inhabitant as the sole indicator .	9	2
It felt as though he had lost half of himself .	0	1
To just come over and hang out ?!?	2	2
We need to change the lock and place posted signs at the gate .	13	0
Marin County was predominantly caucasian and many of the expanding outer east bay areas started out as white suburbs .	12	2
In 1599 , a partnership of company members built their own theatre on the south bank of the River Thames , which they called the Globe .	5	1
I asked myself sometimes what it all meant .	8	0
Other places were scattered about the Equator , and in every sort of latitude all over the two hemispheres .	3	3
Thank you for the help .	3	2
Another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time , meaning users can not retrieve them and read them later ( as they can with e-mail ) .	26	2
I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what 's the point ?	4	2
Who 's buying the paper , who 's selling the paper .	0	1
South Korea had recently started to broadcast propaganda from loudspeakers after an 11-year lull .	10	1
I do get my hackles up a bit when people haul out the old ' Rock - N - Roll made them do it ' argument .	19	2
and jokes requiring specialized knowledge ( of , for example , science or old movies ) will only be appreciated by people who possess that knowledge .	15	0
Mankind , Nation and Individual : from a linguistic point of view ( 1925 ) is one of the pioneering works on Sociolinguistics .	22	2
3 ) If he shows no interest in water , then take him back to your vet .	8	2
I think that this is for you since I do n't know any of these people .	1	4
He 'd almost be glad of a sight of his arch-enemy , Draco Malfoy , just to be sure it had n't all been a dream .	16	1
Jan Smutney - Jones , who was the ISO board chairman at the time and executive director of a group that represents power generators , said Winter did not consult him about eliminating the price cap .	19	2
Ernie Simien	0	2
While dancing ballet takes dedication and requires serious training , you can learn the basics to prepare yourself for further study .	2	2
I 'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems .	3	2
Whereas Saddam Hussein 's dictatorship ensured that such populist currents were kept firmly under control , they are now free to organize .	18	1
" Inhibitory systems are essential for controlling the pattern of activity in the cortex , which has important implications for the mechanisms of cortical operation , according to a Yale School of Medicine study in Neuron ....	12	2
The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges , I finally gave up , he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful .	13	4
The rigorous enforcement of implementing measures is necessary to reduce the environmental impact of regulated EUPs and to ensure fair competition .	10	2
And I thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations , particularly in the context of something as serious as a US senatorial campaign , by talking about their drinking the night before .	26	2
He added : " This has been one step in a long journey of finding the right combination for male hormonal contraception . "	15	2
I must say , I was impressed with the size of the bar area and lounge , & I liked that you could see the brewery right thru the glass !	15	2
Al Qaeda members and sympathizers feel that the FBI 's involvement in countries like Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Pakistan , Indonesia , and the Philippines interferes with the sovereignty of those countries .	8	2
Their worker even cleaned 3 of my windows and changed a lightbulb for me .	13	4
I expect that many of the displaced people ( those affluent and those not ) will remain in the places they were evacuated to .	15	2
My origin Station is Howrah , but I want to board at Asansol ..	2	2
Or think of a decent young citizen in a toga – perhaps too much dice , you know – coming out here in the train of some prefect , or tax-gatherer , or trader even , to mend his fortunes .	40	0
In Holland and other countries the original nature of national identity is being stripped away in the name of chicken and pig feed .	7	2
Margot Wentz said , looking at no one , That one ca n't say .	7	1
A lot on the web , we 've used most of the local city papers , New York Press , things like that , L Magazine .	0	2
In Brazil , a television program on the role that folic - acid supplementation could play in the prevention of spina bifida ( a congenital neural tube defect ) immediately grabbed politicians ' attention .	5	2
In the novel Dark Matters I think what interested me in the structure was two thing : simple narrative and email .	8	4
The Needle report on the European Union 's new public health policy seems to ignore this fact completely .	13	1
lots of important stories out there today jeff .... thank god and a few good souls for that conviction .	16	1
Because they cut me good deals if I paid in cash .	7	4
On South Andaman , the most heavily populated island , is Port Blair , which is the capital and the only large town in the entire archipelago .	5	1
The young were mostly dead , and the old men had been taken away , they told us , to learn important new things and to come back when they were ready to contribute fully .	13	1
Its real direct impact is relatively minor .	7	0
They let Harry out to use the bathroom morning and evening .	0	4
And a few days later , on the barrenness of Judea , " whitish mildew pervading whole tracts of landscape .	15	2
In quick summary , Beyond Control , a local band in our area , is sponoring a benefit for a cancer victim whose benefits have run out .	25	2
Should China decide to retaliate against the US to defend its oil and natural gas deal with Iran , the US would be faced with a significant threat .	24	1
and I said , YES , CENTER CITY PHILLY , and he says , NO , Warwick is a township , If you 're at a Radison in Warwick that s too far , try dominos in Pottstown .	36	1
I launched LibriVox , emailed some friends and some podcasters who where doing literary stuff , and invited them to record a chapter of Joseph Conrad 's Secret Agent .	7	1
They are both about the same noise level .	6	2
How much better does it get ?!	1	1
A young black man with sunglasses and a thick , springy mat of hair shaped to a crew-cut by topiary rather than barbering had cut through the crowd with the encircling movement of authority .	24	2
Please advise when you can meet to discuss issues related to your area .	0	1
In the end , these choices provide the greatest number of people with the best opportunity to share in the history and accomplishments of NASA 's remarkable Space Shuttle Program .	7	2
China 's rebalancing will enable it to absorb its surplus savings , which will be put to work building a social safety net and boosting Chinese households ' wherewithal .	5	3
At the same time that one truly European own resource is waning rapidly in its importance .	0	1
Great experience - consider checking out their puppies before buying from a breeder !	4	1
A strategy that might prove helpful is to consider how fortunate you are that life has been good to you so far .	15	6
The good numbers in Asia promptly pushed the stock markets up .	11	0
Their Club sandwich looks tasty , maybe that 'll change my mind .... and a different server .	16	2
they passed the shadows of the mango trees in the bright moonlight lying beneath the trees like sleeping beasts ;	17	2
Dobby will have to shut his ears in the oven door for this .	10	2
Controls in the header and footer sections	1	1
Do you really think GWB , and neocons in general are representative of true followers of Jesus of Nazareth ?	15	1
We 've got a Steven , the one word that did n't crash my spell - check , despite it being followed by a Vikash Chand Abdul Shakur .	20	1
Dave Terrell www.norcalfightingalliance.com	0	2
The simplest way is to just peg players by throwing dodge balls .	4	1
What was I supposed to do , say I ca n't afford you and walk out with crap all over my hair .	3	2
22 m - Number of jobs gained during Clinton 's eight years in office .	6	2
Whereas it is essential , if man is not to be compelled to have recourse , as a last resort , to rebellion against tyranny and oppression , that human rights should be protected by the rule of law ;	32	2
In the interview , Herrick explains what wikiHow is , why he decided to create it , how he grew it in size , and why he chose to use a Creative Commons license ( HyperLink ) for his site .	4	2
Even taking into account the fact that my 3 year old wanted to run most of the way round , it took us just over one hour start to finish .	26	2
For example , you can group the values in the ShippedDate field into months to show data for orders shipped in January , orders shipped in February , and so on .	28	2
Great help even near closing time !	6	0
I would appreciate it if you could get this one fixed today and , if you have any problem with changing the GCP procedure , please let me know .	17	1
When choosing a parakeet look for a young one .	9	0
We in Parliament would like to add a third category covering organic products that also comply with environmental and animal protection criteria .	10	2
At last he managed to control himself , and sat with his great eyes fixed on Harry in an expression of watery adoration .	6	6
But your cat is passing a LOT of urine , and this is bad .	5	2
Curvetting &amp; caracoling of the horsemen .	4	2
I dropped off a sheet metal piece that I needed copied due to th it was needing to be replaced .	1	4
When we arrived at 5 , and left circa 7 , there were the same 4 or 5 empty tables surrounding us .	17	1
Reports are circulating in the intelligence community that the Andaman Islands are not only thick with Myanmar rebels .	4	2
What greatness had not floated on the ebb of that river into the mystery of an unknown earth ! ...	12	2
Alto delivers on all levels .	2	1
In recent months , its fallibility has become evident .	0	1
Personal experiences of discrimination and bias have been the focus of much social science research . [ 1 - 3 ]	2	1
In Jakov Lind 's interesting brief book on Israel , Ben-Gurion is quoted as saying , " The Jews know hardly anything of a hell that might await them .	19	4
You 'll experience a new sense of purpose and make plenty of new friends .	7	2
It 's twice my size and eats a rabbit once a month .	4	2
The staff do occasionally get game info correct , but if you r looking fot a good game and are n't a nerd , do nt ask them .	14	1
We in Parliament would like to add a third category covering organic products that also comply with environmental and animal protection criteria .	16	1
Aunt Petunia burst into tears and hugged her son , while Harry ducked under the table so they would n't see him laughing .	12	4
I would not have gone back , but I could n't find the particular tire they 'd used in stock anywhere else .	17	2
The self of the individual lies hidden in the innermost layers of existence ( kosas ) .	6	2
Internet Department is rude and insulting	5	1
In 1947 , large scale deep sea fishing was introduced to Coron , and the town experienced another boom , a fishing boom .	22	2
At the time , guardsmen were required to accumulate a minimum of 50 points to meet their yearly obligation .	17	1
Hens raise in battery cages stay " hypnotized " longer , possibly because of greater fear .	10	0
I had a couple of hickies on my neck the day after and the guys all wanted to know if those were shuttle burns .	6	1
Christ , you 'd think America would get a bit tired of these guys treating her like she was populated with nothing but gullible idiots .	12	2
Delivery is lightning fast .	1	6
The next day an angry Musharraf categorically said that Pakistan would not send Pakistani troops to Iraq , a clear snub to the Americans .	9	2
The cliff was not in the way or anything ; but this objectless blasting was all the work going on .	6	2
HBS will shadow Enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period .	3	2
For a generous girl , a girl who took off her clothes with abandon , she was remarkably close-mouthed about some things .	8	4
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	23	2
I 'm Paul Auster , said the man .	5	4
The stocks referred to in paragraph 1 shall be deducted from the quantity exceeding the normal carryover of stocks .	18	2
From any witch or wizard ?	0	1
On April 12 , 1981 , Space Shuttle Columbia lifted off from the Kennedy Space Center on STS-1 , the first space shuttle mission .	7	2
Harry moved gladly into the shade of the gleaming kitchen .	2	1
We are badly behind now in this matter .	1	5
Ironically sometimes it is wise to leave the newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs .	16	1
Everything they claim is a lie , and this above all .	0	2
Overall , 2005 is sure to be a year you wo n't forget .	2	1
There are no other requirements other than we ask that members greet each new member and each new alliance and also feel free to post in any of the forums .	21	2
Each XML document must have a unique root element ( an element encompassing the entire document ) .	15	2
This somehow seemed embarrassing .	1	1
On the other hand , he could very easily just call me and say hey I 'm busy right now , I 'll call you when I can come out .	12	1
Executive director of the Dallas chapter of the Council on American - Islamic Relations Alia Salem said Mohamed wishes to use his newfound fame and attention to spotlight social causes including the treatment of Muslims in the United States .	14	2
An attack on Iran would trigger this mutual defense pact , and could conceivably bring Syria into direct conflict with American forces .	1	2
There was no need to open the big shutter to see .	9	1
Saying that I need to give him my address or else I have intimacy issues is not helpful .	4	1
As far as George Bush knew , he and his unit could have been transferred to Vietnam .	17	0
I had a sampler of IPA , Brawler , Love Stout & ESA .	6	0
Subforms and subreports on a form or report are not converted when you carry out the Save As command .	0	2
In 1821 Balzac met the enterprising Auguste Lepoitevin , who convinced the author to write short stories , which Lepoitevin would then sell to publishers .	15	1
He was a seaman , but he was a wanderer , too , while most seamen lead , if one may so express it , a sedentary life .	8	2
Jeff :	1	0
Their hell is a personal dissatisfaction with themselves if they are mediocre . "	1	2
We read the good reviews before going and had high hopes .. but to our dismay it did nt turn out that way !	3	1
You should book or ensure accommodation before you board a flight for the Chathams , as during the popular months of the tourism season , between October and April , accommodation can be severely limited .	14	0
The charges that they have put some vets up to making against Kerry are false and can be demonstrated by the historical record to be false .	18	2
All I 'm saying , do n't wear the sufferings of the past round your necks .	16	0
I highly recommend this dealership if you would not like to hassle on price and receive friendly service .	16	1
Finally , we must make it easy for people to report suspected breaches and malicious emails .	9	1
Side note : If you have anything due right now , and you have n't finished it , leave this article and complete that work .	14	2
680 - Number of suspected al - Qa'ida members that the United States admits are detained at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba .	4	2
And you ? said Uncle Vernon viciously to Harry .	8	2
They treat there employees with respect and concern and expect that they will extend the same politeness to there customers .	19	2
Abby needs to fly to New York twice a month for these treatments , and her time on the Federal Grant program has expired .	15	4
From the Northeast / Missouri - I-44 West , aka the " Will Rogers Turnpike . "	10	2
He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .	9	5
If that were the case , and Stillman managed to elude him , it would mean that Virginia Stillman was responsible .	9	1
Protocol Concerning the conditions and arrangements for admission of the republic of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union .	3	2
I experienced a Definite Decrease in food craving ( about 50 % ) and decrease in stress after the 1st treatment .	1	4
A black man in khaki shorts ( used to be a white man in white stockings ) sprayed a cloyingly perfumed insecticide over the passengers ' heads as a precaution against the plane harbouring mosquitoes and tsetse flies .	30	1
Took 1 + hour to deliver to Chatham , hair in food , driver did n't know area .	1	1
As a boy he had spent many hours under the night sky trying to tally the clusters of pinprick lights with the shapes of bears , bulls , archers , and water carriers .	26	2
I took my 2001 Nissan Frontier in to fix a cracked manifold .	11	2
Bobby is one of those with major injuries .?	1	6
That would be fun .	2	2
When the passengers climbed aboard again , their clothes felt hairy and the plane was airless .	8	2
The mere offer of a job was to be sufficient to justify immigration rights .	14	0
There were , of course , certain extreme measures that they could take .	13	0
He did not even give me the chance to say i would stay on the ventilator longer , which i would have .	6	2
I tried to calculate the IRR on the port Aransas and Roma post offices .	7	2
Resumption of the session .	1	1
People treat Facebook as an authentic part of their lives , so you can be sure you are connecting with real people with real interest in your products .	2	1
Intentions for 2005 show that the remaining amount will also be completely consumed .	8	5
Though I am disappointed with the results I am still determined to attend The TEXAS Graduate School of Business next year .	5	2
On September 29 , Scientology officials went to the East Los Angeles sheriff 's station where they claimed Montalvo allegedly left the organization with computer hard drives .	13	1
I would like to host my upcoming website to Liquidweb.com	0	4
Furthermore , before and after the implementation of the intervention , we performed a D2 Test of attention that measures selective and sustained attention , as well as visual scanning accuracy and speed .	25	1
Just making up examples , but if a pair is constantly together , they may lay 10 - 15 eggs a day .	14	2
Always let the soil dry before you water the cuttings .	5	1
Other anti-establishment candidates elected in this district were localist camp 's Cheng Chung-tai of Civic Passion , pan-democracy camp 's Kwok Ka-ki and Andrew Wan of respectively Civic Party and the Democratic Party .	15	2
( Harrison ) Kyle Jones Technical Solutions Engineer	2	0
The guide is problematic , firstly because it has been developed " in the context of a state of emergency " .	12	1
If someone asks you why you pushed all the buttons , you can honestly say , " It was just a joke ! "	7	1
But their parents refused to accept this .	7	0
" This strain helps with back pain , this strain helps with nausea , this product makes you sleep at night , " says Dietrich from the company 's headquarters in Denver , Colorado , where pot is sold legally .	33	2
We now know that Bush and his administration came into office obsessed with Iraq .	9	1
The Herodian relics are all that relics should be columns distorted , well worked over by time , Absalom 's tomb with its bulbous roof and odd funnel tapering out of it .	10	3
It 's light proof and makes sure you get no problems when opening the camera .	7	3
You 've still got to get country people to realize that these functions are now distributed among various agencies :	19	0
it usually takes 20 mins for a mezza luna , as they have to add pure delicious extract to the mix .	1	1
I have gone there time and time again whenever I need to get my hair done or when I want a haircut .	20	2
By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with , there was basically no design .	2	2
Stillman settled slowly into his chair and at last turned his attention to Quinn .	14	0
It 's a bloody church , for chrisssake !	0	5
Excellent service , Not only did they get the exact car I wanted win in 48 hours but the sales man also took me out to lunch .	11	4
" Unfortunately once again the few ruin it for the many , " wrote Jesse LaBrocca , founder of Hack Forums , in a message explaining why the section was being closed .	27	2
This was the body that Bush proclaimed was bringing " stability " to the region in fall of 1999 .	9	0
because all of the food blogs I ve read say so and I will travel from maryland if that s true	13	2
What ’s funny to a group of 20-year old college students may be very different from what makes your 70-year old - uncle laugh ( then again , maybe not ) .	3	1
We hypothesized that the children , who were over the age of six at the time of collection , would have adult-like SI interpretations .	1	4
[ ... ]	2	0
We regret this and reaffirm our commitment to inform Parliament of all important agency decisions that have a financial impact .	9	2
For example , the Weatherspoon Art Museum at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro saw attendance levels reach 11,000 visitors when it exhibited its Warhol collection in 2010 , according to curator Elaine Gustafon .	1	2
For our comparison we sailed on two similar ships - the Carnival Liberty and the Royal Caribbean Mariner of the Seas .	4	4
The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of Ismail Khan , the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month , who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners .	27	0
I 'm looking to visit India with some mates at the beginning of February next year and I am wandering what standard of accommodation we could get for Rs 500 per person per night .	2	2
The influence of the levels and composition of maternal nutrition on a female fetus will carry through to adulthood , when she , too , becomes a mother .	27	2
We are renewing our L/C's on a month to month basis for the PX per Sanders .	3	3
Here are some articles that discuss the details of slogan writing .	0	1
To promote one of the most trivial interests we have , thousands of animals are tormented for their whole lives . "	1	2
Technological progress has trumped obstacles to economic growth .	4	2
Cook onions until they are translucent , but not burned .	1	2
Yo mama `s so fat , when she gets in an elevator , it HAS to go down .	7	5
I highly recommend Debi , she does an amazing job , I " love " the way she cuts my hair , extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .	30	2
" There is still a ' yuk ' factor to the whole idea of buying and wearing other people 's body parts , " she says .	10	2
It looks like the future of space exploration might as well be with the space tourists .	7	2
Hens raise in battery cages stay " hypnotized " longer , possibly because of greater fear .	2	1
During this time Balzac wrote two pamphlets in support of primogeniture and the Society of Jesus .	13	2
We are following up with Sue and Robbie on a couple legal issues , case law and MSA self - certification language , and let me know if you have additional items .	12	2
We have since moved slightly further away from the centre but it 's worth the extra travel , as the care provided exceeds our expectations ... especially after a few horrendous daycare experiences elsewhere .	26	1
Has the internet helped or hurt magic ?	5	2
It 's hard to keep up with the stories about billion dollar appropriations , debt forgiveness , and loan guarantees to countries like Egypt and Israel and now even Pakistan .	17	1
We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same - gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights , responsibilities , and commitments of civil marriage .	18	1
The only product of any significance is canned tomatoes , but even they account for no more than 7 -% of the market .	11	1
I take the middle seat , which I dislike , but I am not really put out .	5	0
Temescal is a neighborhood that lies north-northwest from Downtown , centered along the reach of Telegraph Avenue , at and near 51st Street .	2	2
I think this office has some serious billing practice issues !	4	6
I expect Craig did n't want Mom to see his place because it was messy .	7	1
thick cut bacon or really good sausages	5	1
The US National Hurricane Center said Rita was " extremely dangerous " and could become a top - level category five storm on the Saffir - Simpson scale .	0	2
Wolak said somewhat emphatically that the nature of California 's market structure makes it impossible to single out a single participant as the culprit .	24	0
I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in CA ( for customers already on DA ) .	14	3
His early plays were mainly comedies and histories , genres he raised to the peak of sophistication and artistry by the end of the 16 th century .	16	2
News of the company ’s deceit - which had run for years - wiped tens of billions of euros from VW 's value and cost chief executive Martin Winterkorn his job .	11	2
Whatever the black magistrates are like , whatever the administration 's like , it wo n't be like that .	12	0
We need to change the lock and place posted signs at the gate .	11	2
The former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein is refusing to enter the Baghdad courtroom , in protest at how his trial is being conducted .	22	2
75 - Percentage of American young adults who do n't know the population of the United States .	5	1
Loved the pool and BBQ .	0	4
You must keep intact all notices that refer to this License and to the disclaimer of warranties .	0	2
Some of the leaders of these various circles live very comfortably on their loot .	2	2
You look at the general patterns .	0	3
If you look closely , at the base of every leaf are two tiny little leaves that will grow outwards if the stem growing between them is cut off .	28	1
I will be going to Del Frisco 's in late November for dinner and I was wondering what the dress code is for a female .	11	1
Thomas was ordered by the church court to do public penance which would have caused much shame and embarrassment for the Shakespeare family .	15	1
Know this well because I remember an ' irish ' pub in the town in canada i grew up in used to advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town , but they served them in american sized pints .	15	2
some beautiful locations like close to Karol Bagh Shopping Market , Presidential Palace , and Birla Mandir Temple and Connaught Place and Jantar Mantar are near to it .	14	1
There were many casualties , but the citizens prevailed .	9	0
Once in a fever I heard thousands of birds outside my window and I was terrified that they would fling themselves through the glass and attack me , but it was only the rain on the eaves .	28	1
The Americans wanted the new regime to make the populace literate , to create " a large and stable middle class a sufficient identification of local ideals and values , so that truly indigenous democratic institutions could grow up . "	22	1
The literary critic A. C. Bradley described this style as " more concentrated , rapid , varied , and , in construction , less regular , not seldom twisted or elliptical " .	3	1
Such measures include information exchange ( seminars , workshops , meetings and conferences ) , placements and exchanges of staff , as well as technical , scientific and operational back-up .	29	2
Hino Dealer of the Year	2	1
Email : franz371...@gmail.com	2	0
This refers to the alleged scanning of all Usenet traffic by the National Security Agency ( and possibly other intelligence organizations ) for interesting keywords .	20	2
Investors are selling out of government bonds , with U.S. and Australian bonds feeling the biggest impact .	5	2
We should allocate a piece to Global which would solve the problem of other Cargill people using the line , putting us over the limit , without me knowing ...	8	2
After all , in a world of solid farmers , useful craftsmen , dissolute aristocrats , and flunkies , demand for manufactured items and flunkies was limited by how much of each aristocrats could use .	3	1
I lay there and tried to think if I should put my arm around her , but I did n't know .	21	0
I will definitely refer my friends and family :)	4	3
Last night , I adopted a 2 year old Male German Shepherd .	7	2
At the same time , the number of counterfeit euro coins is continuing to increase but also remains low by historical standards .	22	0
Why not wait for him in a sexy dress with lunch or dinner , or a light snack at his house .	7	1
Today the Maison De Balzac is one of Paris 's three literary museums .	0	1
From 1939 to the outbreak of World War II , the municipality experienced the mining boom .	2	1
Such is the case with actions undertaken in Colombia , for all South American countries and Bulgaria , also including other South - Eastern European countries .	22	0
Then , also , he 's got so much stuff in there right now , that I do n't know how he 's going to fit baby stuff .	1	0
Whereas Member States have pledged themselves to achieve , in co - operation with the United Nations , the promotion of universal respect for and observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms ;	30	1
Let me know if you are interested .	0	3
Yes , he too would have liked to have this wife and this child , to sit around all day spouting drivel about old books , to be surrounded by yoyos and ham omelettes and fountain pens .	19	2
The problems caused by the absence of transparency are particularly severe .	4	2
Honoré De Balzac was born into a family which had struggled nobly to achieve respectability .	1	1
Email : Bill McGinnis < bmc...@patriot.net >	3	2
Please let me know a date and time that is convenient for you .	13	0
Any programs that you use please list :) Thx	5	1
From the west , the A59 and the M62 provide connections from Liverpool and Manchester , and from the north the A1 and the A19 link York with Tyneside , Northumberland and south-eastern Scotland .	28	2
When taking on ballet , it is important to stretch daily for at least 15 - 30 minutes , to give the muscles ample opportunity to warm up , reducing the risk of injury .	31	2
He was exchanged in November 1780 and served on General George Washington 's staff for the remainder of the American Revolution .	9	2
A few days before Christmas 2003 , after a renewed audiotape threat by Zawahiri of attacks , to include in the US homeland , the threat level was raised to orange or " high . "	34	0
i can think of a few things	2	2
In light of the CA regarding curves , I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information .	6	2
Bit rich coming from you , said Harry , staring at the floating car .	14	0
it s illegal to sell stolen property , even if you do n't know it s stolen .	8	1
He immediately said " no , there is a $ 50 deposit now ! "	6	1
For example , you can filter for the top 25 % or bottom 25 % of salespeople based on the number of orders handled .	14	2
We are ex-cons , uninsured , homeless , of many colors and speaking many tongues .	10	2
So from $ 55 to $ 260 ?	3	1
He is said by one FBI agent to be " very , very , very " dangerous .	6	2
( 2 ) Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the author .	30	2
I 'm not kidding , I once lost a hamster in my house 3 months later I walk down in the basement and it was as big as a rat .	23	5
It is not really possible to score this school too highly , We would give it 12 out of 10 and 5 Stars across the board Steve & Anne	0	5
Federico Fellini once said : " The clown is to humanity as the shadow is to man " .	3	4
We 're moving more towards the Internet at this point , because the Internet is a much easier , safer way for a person to look at sensitive material and not get caught with it .	19	2
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive .	4	1
India 's Andaman and Nicobar Islands comprise more than 500 islands lying 1,000 kilometers east of Sri Lanka in the Bay of Bengal .	23	0
In the ski resort areas , there will likely be man - made snow on the slopes .	2	2
Again , I think the problem is people who sink to far into their own egos , and begin to take their personal metaphors a bit too literaly .	0	1
I 'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems .	3	2
It s between sea and mountains so you can camp on beach or between mountains !	3	2
This communication shall include information on the legal basis for each measure .	7	1
Why 're you staring at the hedge ? he said suspiciously .	2	1
His daughter 's condition deteriorated , to the point that the baby spent all her energy battling the infections caused by the constant breaking of the skin , leading to severe malnutrition and , eventually , her death .	1	2
Dear Linda ,	0	1
The IIP had also been the main force urging Sunni Arabs to participate in the elections scheduled for January , and had been opposed in this stance by the Association of Muslim Scholars .	3	1
Any news on how SCE and SDG&E will move forward ?	8	2
No doubt he was ; but he had been a couple of years already out there engaged in the noble cause , you know , and he probably felt the need at last of asserting his self-respect in some way .	38	1
Ideally this group would consist of four to six people from finance , legal , and operations so that we get good cross-functional feedback about our services .?	12	0
It contains the head of Saint James the brother of John and many relics .	8	2
He also ordered that the receiver not get a ( I think chrome ) coating that helped keep the gun from jamming .	18	2
Rude Rude Rude	1	1
Iron is an essential element the body requires to produce hemoglobin , the protein found in red blood cells that 's responsible for transporting oxygen to tissues in the body .	26	2
This past week marked the opening night of an Andy Warhol exhibit at the University of Southern Indiana .	15	1
" ... there is no companion quite so devoted , so communicative , so loving and so mesmerizing as a rat . "	1	0
With protests going on in the Chilean capital of Santiago ( from the economic summit ) , President Bush visited Chinese President Hu Jintao and other key allies in Santiago .	29	2
Here we need financial starvation of the organizing elite , more power to women , more education , counter-propaganda , boycott whenever feasible and access to Western media , internet and the international scene .	30	1
-----= Posted via Newsfeeds.Com , Uncensored Usenet News =-----	3	0
That said , the maintenance of this forum is handled by Google and thus will remain reliable and it will ultimately give us more time to play :) .	15	2
This is about the fourth time they 've done my horse 's feet because I just switched back to them .	7	4
Location : 50th Floor Boardroom	3	2
Judge Samuel Alito is very highly qualified by all of the normal standards used to evaluate candidates for this position :	3	6
Rachel Rook took Carroll home to meet her parents two months after she first slept with him .	0	2
The plain fact is that Bush has a sight more in the way of common humanity than a great many of his detractors .	18	1
Or will the nearly year - round snow be too much for those who have never experienced snow in their lives ?	7	2
Following the Board meeting on Wednesday , you are invited to join with members of the DISCO Forum for a Wednesday evening reception and dinner , including a guest speaker .	19	2
Chances are , you ’ll get into a groove and keep working at a high pace even when your frenzy time is out .	11	1
It can be seen as an allegory of Christ ’s death and resurrection , though this idea produces some puzzles .	3	2
Jan ,	1	0
The committee voted to give NASA $ 16.4 billion in 2005 , about $ 200 million more than what the President requested and over $ 1 billion more than what House appropriators approved in July . "	23	1
The introduction of interim targets increases the predictability of the policy , allows for accommodating product development cycles and facilitates long term planning for interested parties .	25	2
- In terms of costs , the evaluator found that some of the projects were particularly costly and highlighted specific cost items .	22	0
Since the 1960s , the city 's economy has been in steep decline .	1	2
It 's very useful !	1	6
Users with an Office 2002 license can also create , design , and modify components in a design environment such as Microsoft FrontPage or Microsoft Access .	0	2
in response to Steve 's comment : do you really believe that spending trillions on space exploration over the years was the ONLY way to invent the cellfone ?	8	3
Shiu Ka-chun of the Social Welfare constituency defeated their opponents , hence the pan-democrats ' seats in the functional constituencies increased from 9 to 10 .	20	4
Training and technical assistance plays an important role in this respect , hence the need to continue the Pericles programme .	0	2
The palatial home of the family of conquistador leader Montejo can still be seen on the south side of the Zócalo or main square .	15	2
All offices also have free copies of Yucatan Today , a helpful weekly Spanish-English publication listing all events in the city and the surrounding region .	21	1
Wikinews spoke with William Evans , president of the International Brotherhood of Magicians , about the current state of magic and what its future looks like in the world of entertainment .	8	2
Other than yourself , which candidates have you supported for president in previous campaigns ?	5	2
a double-chinned , handsome dark blonde , the short high nose coming from the magnificent forehead , water-coloured eyes underlined with cuts of fatigue deep into each cheek .	16	0
St Anne a very nice but also very touristy city and beach ( maybe the tourists primary area of Guadeloupe ) .	17	2
I remember it when I laugh .	1	6
Bit rich coming from you , said Harry , staring at the floating car .	0	2
He took a deep breath , scattered the powder into the flames and stepped forward ; the fire felt like a warm breeze ; he opened his mouth and immediately swallowed a lot of hot ash .	28	1
In his final period , Shakespeare turned to romance or tragicomedy and completed three more major plays :	14	2
I am sending you some info that I have passed along regarding the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefit .	17	2
Though the likely answer is yes , the downside risks seem higher than they did a few decades ago .	7	2
Almost all major intersections are one mile from each other , and exactly in a straight line .	4	4
Spain had expelled its Sephardic population in 1492 ; many of these Spanish Jews left Spain for Portugal but eventually were targeted there as well .	24	1
The work ( as defined below ) is provided under the terms of this Creative Commons Public License ( " CCPL " or " License " ) .	26	0
Łódź today may not have the glitz and glamour of its heyday ; however , there is a certain charm to Łódź in its partially renovated façades and leitmotivs , not to mention its grand artistic traditions .	23	4
Both of these stops are only about a 20 minute walk from the event and have no crowds at all .	17	2
She immediately went to the back , brought out leather cleaner and cleaned my purse on the spot .	9	2
Anyway , so that was 2 days ago that I called and left a message , but he still has n't called back yet .	10	4
Per my conversation with Edmund this morning , we are moving the following countries to the non-approved list : Austria , Belgium , Croatia , Czech Republic , Denmark , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Singapore , and Slovenia .	4	2
This article , and specifically this piece , effected me enough to try to build a song around the topic .	15	2
But that means nothing , since they were n't the sort of things guys like Bush told the " girls " .	9	2
So what should be done ?	5	0
I specially did n't say anything about the colour because I did n't want to muddle you up .	10	4
It 's hard to keep up with the stories about billion dollar appropriations , debt forgiveness , and loan guarantees to countries like Egypt and Israel and now even Pakistan .	26	1
In the mean time , we need to make sure that we are doing everything we can to get a handle on the situation to mitigate future costs .	7	1
the compound word for this phrase , in the language that was spoken round the capital , and that he had never really known well .	22	1
He is in my room , but there are so many things inside there , I du n no what to do .	11	2
Direct access connections might enable users to access EnronOnline more quickly than is currently possible through internet access .	3	2
More than 330 crew are onboard the ship .	0	2
How do I train him to feel comfortable in his crate ?	9	4
10 gallon nano reef ideas ?	5	0
You can not set the SQL query mode new database default to ANSI-92 in 2000 file format because the option is disabled ;	4	2
Throughout the United States , she said , " spring is about two weeks earlier .	13	2
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed , the price was Non-Bondad .	5	1
We have to sustain the European Union as a major food producer and a major exporter .	12	1
I am looking for people who would like to play D & D 3.5 and live in or around the Chillicothe , OH area .	0	4
The amusing world of cartoons and stories will be a memorable experience for the children .	4	2
At the 131st , below her , is the old Stock Exchange , hung upside-down now as a hipster den .	12	0
This influence shows in Flaubert 's work L ' education sentimentale , which owes a debt to Balzac 's Illusions Perdues .	0	2
Sorry , almost forgot to ask - Would it be cheaper to walk - in to these hotels rather than pre book ?	2	1
Sun. Oct. 1 - Paris to London in afternoon - probably by Eurostar train - ( arrv. London late afternoon )	17	2
If you would like more on sexing out Aplocheilus lineatus take a look at the discussion in the first source below .	21	0
I know that if my garage door needs to be repaired , I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors	4	3
He estimated that there should be around 45 particles , but this number is very uncertain — I would n't be surprised if it is quite different from that .	1	4
Now that the Dursleys knew they were n't going to wake up as fruitbats , he had lost his only weapon .	20	2
Great to have you on board !	4	1
Yes , she and her family were delighted to leave the communistic remnants in that country .	4	4
Well , in that case , we 'll probably bump into each other in Great Lakes Road .	15	2
The Kashmir issue generates far more terrorism , and even the threat of nuclear war , than Iraq ever did .	20	0
There was a famous newspaper interview where he had called Mweta that golliwog from Gala , raising its unruly and misguided head in the nursery of industrial relations in this young country .	7	5
And can you tell me WHY that would be a tragedy ? "	10	2
Seagal , whose grandmother was from Vladivostok in Russia 's far east , has made frequent trips to Russia in recent years and visited Kamchatka and Sakhalin in September .	10	1
Shiu Ka-chun of the Social Welfare constituency defeated their opponents , hence the pan-democrats ' seats in the functional constituencies increased from 9 to 10 .	5	2
We forget we are from Earth .	3	4
Terminal 2 : Alaska ( Gates 10 & 11 ) , Great Lakes ( Gates C & D ) , Spirit , Sun Country , United	13	0
Thank you .	1	3
The term Nexus is applied to sentences , structures similar to sentences and sentences in formation , in which two concepts are expressed in one unit ; e.g. , it rained , he ran indoors .	24	1
As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable , it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .	12	1
Have someone throw something ( the snitch ) on a line into the pool at regular intervals .	12	2
DNA is the only way to test this .	2	2
Why do I put aside Israel and its own immediate neighborhood ?	6	1
" This government is so consumed with control of information and secrecy yet they do n't seem to be able to get the fundamentals right , " Dewar said .	2	2
Atwood , a Booker Prize-winner , was there to launch her graphic novel Angel Catbird , with illustrator Johnnie Christmas .	15	0
Daniel Montalvo in September 2010 , after having left the elite group within Scientology called the Sea Org .	13	2
She stole the information and gave it to another guy that did all the work .	2	2
We sued Houston Casualty last year but I do n't recall making any bad faith claims .	10	2
This visa , which is really little more than a piece of paper on which you list your vital statistics , costs between 15 - 25 CUC ( or € 15 - 25 ) , depending on where purchased .	37	1
Do n't Expect Sleep or Courtesy	4	1
And , in 1999 Europol ’s mandate was extended to include money counterfeiting [ 4 ] .	16	0
I was playing a video game that has a m 16 Vietnam model , and in the game it 's 3 - shot burst .	24	0
At any rate , there is still quite a lot of circumvention and evasion in this area by the Member States .	3	0
The secretary general of CEI ( Italian Episcopal Conference ) , Nunzio Galantino , has called the sentence " dangerous " ( ( it ) ) and " ideological " ( ( it ) ) :	23	2
I am curious about the population structure of the " fields " of anemones -	5	2
On September 12 , 1992 , Coron was finally reduced by the official creation of the Municipality of Culion .	16	2
She died from infection caused by severe eczema after they shunned effective conventional medical treatments for homeopathy , a form of alternative medicine that has been described as pseudoscience .	16	2
In about forty-five seconds I found myself again in the waiting-room with the compassionate secretary , who , full of desolation and sympathy , made me sign some document .	1	1
In the following example , Year is the outer field and Salesperson is the inner field .	11	2
But I followed the traveler , into the wet streets .	9	2
While Schauble 's strategy may sound appealing , it is , at best , the symbolic garb of progress .	0	1
S&S has again asked about the gtee and l/c wording .	2	1
My friend and I went there for lunch today .	2	1
The single most costly thing we spend on is rent and advertising , those two together make up the bulk of what we spend .	14	1
By moving quickly to Iraqi sovereignty and improvement of Iraqi lives , the US may be able to get Iraqis on its side , so that they turn in the foreigners .	20	1
CLEMENT 's St. Methodius dies : April 6 , 884 Monday	0	2
Boxes should be marked " Fragile " and " This side up " to prevent mishandling .	11	1
Cervantes found the translation , had it rendered back into Spanish , and then published the book The Adventures of Don Quixote .	0	2
But today , unable to see the end of war , he has lost the sensation of being borne upon any such wave .	13	4
For our readers who are unaware of your site , could you briefly explain what wikiHow is ?	10	2
a publicity stunt for an international cigarette-making firm .	7	2
The term of office of the other Judge shall expire on 6 October 2012 .	7	2
Because series 1 is no longer the old one , many users can save 100 euros .	7	1
Above is the link to the Department of State travel website , which will give you all the info that you need , including passport information .	20	3
They came through on all of their promises and we had a very successful day .	0	4
He deserved respect	2	2
Day after day , with the stamp and shuffle of sixty pair of bare feet behind me , each pair under a 60-lb. load .	8	2
And can you tell me WHY that would be a tragedy ? "	5	1
Well Done !	0	1
It is estimated that Israel has over 200 nuclear weapons yet neither the US nor any of her allies expresses the slightest concern .	22	2
If you can smell the cupcakes earlier , check to make sure they are n't browning earlier ( this means they 're more than ready ) .	26	0
To do this , think of various words that begin with / have a lot of a certain vowel .	10	1
Local music ( ragga , zouk , rnb ) and local customers .	0	1
12 . Remedies should be deleted as it is already covered in Section 6.1 .	7	5
RP : Is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really stupid ... ?	7	1
Founded in 1871 , it has become the region 's primary political , cultural , economic , and transportation center .	15	1
Do you have the heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are now ?	1	3
I 'll take it to my bank tomorrow morning , deposit it in my account , and give you the money when it clears .	16	1
If you would be so kind , could you possibly let me know of your status over the next couple of days ?	4	1
Yes . That ought to do the affair .	0	1
However , I did not find her very helpful and her receptionist was rude .	14	0
the easiest thing would be a fish - but u need to clean the tank weekly , feed it the right amt , etc etc x	4	2
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Friday 17 December 1999 , and I would like once again to wish you a happy new year in the hope that you enjoyed a pleasant festive period .	25	3
it s for a craft project ..... i want to use it the way u would use icing ....	10	2
And then I had a bit of some time off in 2011 .	1	1
To accomplish this , Łódź has been capitalizing on its film history - Łódź is jokingly referred to as the " HollyŁódź " of Poland and hosts several film festivals and many other cultural events .	33	1
Behind this raw matter one of the reclaimed , the product of the new forces at work , strolled despondently , carrying a rifle by its middle .	19	1
Forthwith a change came over the waters , and the serenity became less brilliant but more profound .	4	1
However , the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list .	18	1
a publicity stunt for an international cigarette-making firm .	8	0
Claire Bailey-Ross claire.bailey-ross@port.ac.uk University of Portsmouth , United Kingdom	2	2
Alexanian said to Pablo Casals after a performance of some of the suites , You made three bad mistakes .	2	1
Yes , it will loose strength steadily as more and more of this swirling system moves from being over ocean to being over land .	16	1
Kids fun games and video shows are added to the other facilities .	12	0
Ireland receives a lot of rain , with certain areas getting a soaking as many as 270 days of the year .	8	1
Kathy McMahon suggested that I contact you in an effort to gather information on : Enron 's Affirmative Action Policy and plans ; as well as demographic analysis of workforce ( gender , age , ethnic origin , nationality )	5	4
THIS PLACE IS THE BEST .	0	2
If there is no oppression of Russian speakers in Ukraine , there is no reason to change the country 's political structure .	13	1
A fast service , saved a bad situation getting a lot worse .	6	1
Will be a repeat customer with discount coupons .	6	2
In 1937 , Nida undertook studies at the University of Southern California , where he obtained a master 's degree in New Testament Greek in 1939 .	5	2
My knowledge of the responsiveness of the Indian government to this storm is purely from the cyber space .	18	0
In him I see a piece of history , an antiquity .	7	2
When they are cruel , their friends will usually ignore it or not do anything to stop it since they 're afraid that they 'll be treated badly by their ' friend . '	33	0
There are many prehistoric artifacts , including several different menhirs and dolmens .	10	1
65 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned weapons of mass destruction .	10	2
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	0	1
are you paying attention ? —	3	2
They do n't just dump your ingredients on and cook either , but carefully separate meat to the hotter parts of the grill and still manage to keep the veggies from turning to mush .	2	1
This extradition and imprisonment of Al Qaeda leaders , along with US support for Israel and the Mubarak government in Egypt , remains foremost in the mind of Dr. Zawahiri .	2	1
The measures shall be adopted according to the voting rules governing the adoption of the act from which a temporary derogation is sought .	6	1
following up on our discussion yesterday ; for these types of deals , i do nt think it s necessary to have all the documentation of our counterparty 's authorization to enter into the agreement .	1	1
You could depend on your criminal soldiers to bring in provisions .	2	2
John Aubrey reported that Shakespeare had been a country schoolmaster .	5	5
I 've looked and looked , but can not find one anywhere !	9	2
Although it is highly built up , Fort Lee also houses many playing fields and recreational parks as well as bike and running trails .	13	2
he saw the consul 's wife , whom he had met briefly , disappearing upstairs with her head bent consolingly to a Siamese .	1	4
Exhausted , stomach rumbling , mind spinning over the same unanswerable questions , Harry fell into an uneasy sleep .	1	0
What you say is rather profound , and probably erroneous , he said , with a laugh .	4	1
NICE SERVICE , AND EXCELLENT FOOD .	3	1
With Wikinews , Sarvis discusses his background , views on McDonnell 's tenure , keys to campaign success , plan to implement his agenda , and the former Virginia governor he most admires .	29	2
We walked back through the school because it was drizzling , my father tall in his navy suit and my shoes going click on the linoleum .	13	1
The derailing of the Oslo peace process by the hard - line policies of Sharon and the Palestinian intifada has encouraged suicide bombings .	5	2
Measures should be the same throughout the EU to ensure no Member State gets an unfair advantage .	0	2
The loss of this opportunity caused serious discord in the Balzac household , although Honoré was not turned away entirely .	0	2
I was listening to her breath .	2	2
why is enron blowing up ?	3	2
Despite being the number one distributor of equipment and textiles worldwide , the German company was in financial trouble .	10	1
Water , chicken stock or broth , or vegetable stock all work .	8	2
The last two steps represent : " O Lord I repeat Your cosmic rhythm . "	12	1
You never saw black MUNI drivers , Asian police , Latino politicians until then .	0	3
like 4th street and stuff ?	1	2
So I say you should go for the more updated Nook Tablet .	0	1
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be net tons ( 2000 lbs ) and the quantity shown shall be in net tons per month .	4	1
However , there are important differences in law and procedure between Northern Ireland and England and Wales .	10	1
We do n't want to have to give anyone permission to use our recordings , we want anyone to use them for whatever they want .	23	4
It 's principle except a number of cases , for example , the babies are orphans or not to have father .	13	2
She talked about ' weaning those ignorant millions from their horrid ways ' , till , upon my word , she made me quite uncomfortable .	0	5
Yes , the Cyclone is almost certain to lose strength as it surges over land .	0	1
Having DNA-suitable material will let us see whether there are new genes , or genes turned on in different ways and at different times that help explain how these animals burrow into hard ice and then survive in the cold .	15	2
Attentive to the needs of customer .	6	0
Returning America to a state of Peace and Security .	2	1
Many free concerts , performances and other events are held daily .	9	2
The staff and the Principal are rediculous , they do n't listen to any input , and they make up rediculous rules ( They banned backpacks , because a teacher TRIPPED OVER a student 's ) .	1	2
( 16 ) Priority should be given to alternative courses of action such as self-regulation by the industry where such action is likely to deliver the policy objectives faster or in a less costly manner than mandatory requirements .	5	2
Then they simply insult their trophy friends when they are n't looking .	6	2
they seemed more interested in helping me find the right car rather then just make a sale .	10	2
We wait for a few minutes .	3	2
The actual author is Johann Valentin Andreae , whose name did n’t appear on the book originally , thus ensuring the confusion .	18	1
Harry , Ron and Hermione strolled off along the winding , cobbled street .	8	2
" Had it happened five hours earlier or four hours earlier , I think the death toll would have been more than a thousand . "	9	2
But I did find this website , www.igourmet.com , where they sell all types of sausages , including blood sausages !	4	2
I do n't have enough information to answer this question , one way or the other .	10	0
Bring some sort of magnet or small magnetic whiteboard for your door .	0	3
In addition , there are also two information centers located at the airport and Hadibo .	15	0
Third , with the " new age " Efrem Zimbalist , Jr. in charge of the investigation , it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security .	34	1
This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed .	5	2
The great Golden Gate that will open when the Redeemer appears stands sealed .	5	2
The boy , rapidly withdrawing into shyness , managed no more than a faint hello .	6	2
from friends who let themselves go , passionate speeches , raging denunciation of Western Europe , of Russia , of America .	17	2
Bush did not have his eye on the ball .	2	1
Harry enjoyed the breakneck journey down to the Weasleys vault , but felt dreadful , far worse than he had in Knockturn Alley , when it was opened .	17	1
There 's the market in Naha , which is great .	9	1
WHO say Iodine deficiency is the world ’s most prevalent , yet easily preventable , cause of brain damage .	11	1
Talk about a beat - your - head - against - the - wall moment !	5	2
America 's fiscal and monetary policies , for example , will always be driven by domestic considerations first ( if not second and third as well ) .	19	1
( c ) Are you happy with the draft letter to Beachcrofts I sent you ?	1	0
Mix everything well .	1	2
Is it possible to shoot lazers out of your Wang ?	1	5
I prefer Advanced auto parts over this crappy place with the meanest people .	11	2
Do they get mad or irritated if the centre of attention moves to someone else ?	10	2
How can we license individual operators if we do not make that separation ?	2	4
Thus far , none of the many " human rights " busybodies across the world have bothered to even notice such a development .	19	2
Moving on .	2	0
Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 12/26/2004 10:46:08 PM	2	2
I love this place lots of people to talk to and school is across the street !	15	2
Here Kant 's rule -- " Animals are merely means to an end ; that end is man " -- is applied with a vengeance .	18	0
( not church morality , no that is phoney , love thy neighbor ... hell no , kill thy neighbor - now that is REAL MORALITY ????? )	8	1
And then in 2010 we just ... I do n't know what happened .	11	1
It was the mango season , and there were the saffron-yellow sabres of the pips , sucked hairy , everywhere where people passed .	3	2
IEP will be hosting a dinner for California Governor Gray Davis on Thursday , December 7 , 2000 at the historic Julia Morgan House in Sacramento .	1	2
With the default installation of the Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Desktop Engine with integrated security , the user must be a member of the administrator group for the machine on which the Access project resides .	31	2
TDS meters ( the thrifty aquarist 's hardness meter can be used if one has seen one of your municipal water department 's annual reports .	1	2
Hey Tonto ( a.k.a - the trusty , but silent , side - kick to the Lone Ranger or in this case the Big D )	0	1
We all laughed at the idea , except for a chemist with a crooked nose and rouge caked in the creases of her face , who was incensed .	15	1
- The programme should continue for a further 4 years at least with the same budget ( 1 million euro per year ) and with the same measures and target groups .	28	1
Analysis revealed that historic amounts of data had been used to cause the disruption .	13	2
If you want to plant the basil in a container , make sure it 's large enough to accommodate the number of plants you 're growing ;	25	1
" Thou art growing less doltish and more shrewd every day , Sancho , " said Don Quixote .	15	4
1983 - The year in which Donald Rumsfeld , Ronald Reagan 's special envoy to the Middle East , gave Saddam Hussein a pair of golden spurs as a gift .	20	2
" To have a business allow that type of filth to be purveyed through their website or through their system is something that they say they ca n't handle .	1	1
In the second case , the M5S party asks to the regional government to assure the local administrations of the region regularly apply the sentence of the Supreme Court .	4	0
I 've had to pester this new guy several times to ask when my table will arrive .	0	4
Now I was ready to make and to bake – only in my heart , actually – a small , perfect unleavened wafer to eat with my beloved Paschal Lamb .	11	1
Numerous indigenous peoples occupied Alaska for thousands of years before the arrival of European peoples to the area .	10	2
When dinner 's over , you take Mrs Mason back to the lounge for coffee , Petunia , and I 'll bring the subject round to drills .	23	2
This time it reached him , but he refused to believe that she no longer wanted to be married to him .	9	1
He read many books , he looked at paintings , he went to the movies .	12	1
10 . Jack Welch , CEO , General Motors	8	2
They may need foster homes for adult cats in different situations .. sick , recovering from surgery , need a little socialization , etc .	6	1
That means expense , space , and they require weekly cage cleaning .	4	2
He was in the process of making me a pie and when I got home , the pie was the worst I have ever seen .	3	2
if you had any pics of your hens i would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks ?	1	3
So , one answer to Bush 's charge about Edwards is that if it had any merit , Bush should have declined to run himself .	15	1
All have received Polaroids from the foundation .	6	2
** and i can upload my pictures and videos on the computer ( facebook )	1	1
You misunderstood him yesterday .	0	1
Now that the picture is clear , the two main competing lists seem to be the United Iraqi Coalition list and Allawi 's Al - Iraqiya list .	8	1
Kids fun games and video shows are added to the other facilities .	8	1
I was appalled .	1	6
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great atmosphere , amazing food , and great customer service !	14	1
To date they have not made good by either finding the key or paying for a new one .	9	1
Suppose at the end of the year they were not put on contract ?	2	2
For he was obliged now to concentrate on what he was doing , even if it was next to nothing .	20	0
Nevertheless , he did not spend as much time in salons and clubs as did many of his characters .	17	1
Terminal 4 : Aeroméxico , Air Canada , American , British Airways , Southwest , Volaris , WestJet	5	2
Usually , these are just a chance for the suckups to suck up , but this time people are actually concerned about the company 's plans .	10	1
I think he could 've done more to assuage my concerns by giving me concrete facts .	5	2
I have worked with Ted Jurek at Decor and You , and it started out as a decent experience .	16	2
But , even for South Korea 's most highly educated and capable female workers , child rearing is a major career obstacle .	19	1
Have distributed to Western GA team ( plus Steffes ) for comment and thought you may have some , too .	7	1
I laid her down on some sticks .	3	1
Currently exurbs such as Apache Junction , Fountain Hills , Queen Creek , and Sun City are becoming part of this metropolitan area as well .	13	1
I realize that it may sound strange , but we are desparate in our efforts and are willing to try anything to help our dear sick friend .	4	2
And then I noticed that I cheat a little bit when I write them down .	7	2
Servings : 18 - 24 ( fewer if you opt for larger-sized cupcakes )	3	1
Keep all food stored properly in airtight containers or in places that are safe from mouse attack . [ 1 ]	12	4
Alternatively , you can take the M1 all the way to the A64 , but the upper reaches of the M1 around Sheffield and Leeds can get very congested , especially in the rush hours .	27	1
And without that it is extremely difficult to guard against clerical errors in this climate .	7	1
I imagined a man down there in the dark , an escaped convict or a madman .	15	2
He had not called me Muscles or put his hand on my head for a long time .	10	1
Diane Goode Senior Specialist	1	2
They would thereby gain control of a major base for terrorist operations , which is also a nuclear power .	3	2
Total transportation invoiced for 2001 was $ 180.9 m .	0	1
One is a special tool to detect damage to the thermal - protective tile while in orbit - something the Columbia crew would have welcomed .	10	1
The freaky thing here is that these bozos are seriously claiming the moral high ground ? ? ? ? ?	4	6
He was going to operate and replace my bicuspid aortic valve due to critical aortic stenosis .	11	1
This is the largest island , where Neiafu is found .	3	2
click on the " + " for " Awaiting Approval " ( OR " Partially Approved " )	12	1
Moving them distributes the wear and tear of washing .	6	2
Students like Rai have been meeting with counsellors at the school to talk about what happened , but she said the biggest comfort has come from seeing her friends .	15	4
Secondly , in any case , they have to refurbish and invest in their refineries continuously .	5	0
They promise them the delights , mostly sexual , of the next world , and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead .	16	3
Overall , it is not a good solution , but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it .	20	3
People want to learn more practical skills , and for the most part the internet does n't provide enough quality information yet .	4	1
( Only recently have a few experienced State Department Arabists been allowed in to try to begin mopping up the mess . )	16	2
Like everything else , infrastructure and transportation has only just begun in recent years .	13	2
The New York City skyline and 4th of July fireworks are spectacular over the river .	1	2
Arrogant people often subconsciously know that they do n't have any good friends .	6	4
and yet , as if by conscious design , he kept to a narrowly circumscribed area , bounded on the north by Riverside Park , and on the east by Amsterdam Avenue .	4	1
Sorry about that , I was working on the Teco O&M costs .	12	0
" The governor believes it was the defining moment , when what was a mounting problem turned into an instant crisis , " Maviglio said .	4	5
In Shakespeare 's late romances , he deliberately returned to a more artificial style , which emphasised the illusion of theatre .	15	2
The Globe opened in autumn 1599 , with Julius Caesar one of the first plays staged .	13	1
He got the pictures back to me quickly .	3	2
I 'm sorry he makes me want to puke so I shut him off .	13	1
So from $ 55 to $ 260 ?	7	0
Some parts of this same outer circle actually operate as a result of fear from , or blackmail by , the inner circles .	7	1
Marriage is , in and of itself , a noble concept , but it too often leads to kids and kids flat out suck .	8	2
In 1072 , Shen was sent to supervise Wang 's program of surveying the building of silt deposits in the Bian Canal outside the capital city .	23	2
is a start tag and is an end tag which together describe an element of data , in this case , the customer 's name .	10	1
This is a shot of Cannery Row in 1932 .	7	1
Throughout the twentieth century , the City of Cleveland proper was ranked as one of the 10 largest cities in the U.S. ( from 1890 until 1970 per US Census Bureau statistics ) .	22	0
i ve never been to the yorkshire moors or penines at all ... i can see the penines in the far distance from my bedroom window .	13	4
As an overview , this proposal : * Maintains the basic Gas Accord structure in place today for the period 2003 to 2007 . *	8	6
Enron 's working gas will be reduced by 420,588 MMBTU .	8	1
Mrs Weasley fussed over the state of his socks and tried to force him to eat fourth helpings at every meal .	5	2
It relied on volunteers and state militia units , which faced logistical , training and food problems in the staging areas in Florida .	7	2
I called the " 207 " number and listened to the same recording loop 3 times before I gave up .	2	2
Coming from an anglo - saxon country my version of dating is ' getting the number , asking her out , etc. . '	10	2
The golden rays feel soft and soothing .	7	0
How to avoid problems caused by mixing queries under different ANSI SQL query modes in the same database	16	1
That the Iraqi Islamic Party is now contemplating leaving the Allawi government raises the question of whether a mass Sunni Arab boycott of the elections is in the offing , thus fatally weakening the legitimacy of any new government .	25	6
Your suggestion to introduce the concept discussed with one of the Lays is welcomed .	2	1
When you walk across landscapes , it leaps up in the aftermath of your footsteps trying to grab debris .	2	5
She maintained contact all round her as they danced , talking over his shoulder to this one , putting out a broad calloused brown foot in a gold sandal to nudge that one in the calf .	6	1
It put hair on my chest and thanks to the owner s advice I invested vanguard , got myself a woman like Jerry , and became a republican .	17	4
However , paying people to write and edit articles ultimately means that you have to make one of two sacrifices .	20	0
Prosperity POS makes the best pos systems .	2	6
At the age of one , Harry had somehow survived a curse from the greatest dark sorcerer of all time , Lord Voldemort , whose name most witches and wizards still feared to speak .	13	2
A girl would show up , then a guy in a nice car would show up .	0	2
I believe I undertook amongst other things not to disclose any trade secrets .	5	1
I work for a large retail company recently expanding our operations into Canada and had to travel to ensure all of our computer network equipment was installed properly and on time .	13	1
well if your desired boarding station comes after more than 2 or 3 halts of the actual boarding point , then the TC will cancel you ticket and allot the seat to others .	28	2
Michael Chestney was very pleasant and patient with my wife and she suggested I go check it out .	9	2
I am being told by my better half that we need to get an accurate head count of who will be attending our wedding .	3	3
The corridors are jumping with them .	4	1
Security in the hotel seemed to be excellent , but we were never given an explanation as to why someone would open these items .	24	0
he has a great environment , with water and lots of hiding places and a heat lamp .	1	6
We are much safer today on board ship due to SOLAS , and I suppose if any good came out of the Titanic tragedy , the adoption of SOLAS is probably it .	8	1
Note that the ratio of Skittles to vodka varies from recipe to recipe .	10	2
2 . Have we kept up with partial water changes ?	3	4
not until the plane had come to a stop on the runway , and they were waiting for the health inspector to come aboard .	4	4
Yes , the Cyclone is almost certain to lose strength as it surges over land .	1	0
I want to present to you a suite of six mycological solutions , using fungi , and these solutions are based on mycelium .	16	1
" They ( electricity generators ) grinned and beared the $ 750 price cap , but this new plan by ISO was too much , " said Dunn , whose committee has been investigating since March .	35	2
For how long have you been involved in performing / studying magic ?	4	3
These sums give these countries enormous leverage over the United States .	10	2
I am on Yahoo !	4	0
I had n't seen a lot of the episodes and then my phone started lighting up .	7	2
As far as the call with Uncle Ben goes , if he was thrilled to hear from me I could n't tell by his voice .	23	4
Liberal democracy is as brief as a bubble .	6	2
100 - Number of US chemical plants where a terrorist act could endanger the lives of more than one million people .	3	1
( think of a balding man lol ) Look for clean feathers .	6	1
Take care and hope to hear from you soon .	3	4
" As an example , consider the treatment of the civet cat , a highly intelligent and sociable animal .	2	2
I highly recommend Debi , she does an amazing job , I " love " the way she cuts my hair , extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .	3	2
he saw the consul 's wife , whom he had met briefly , disappearing upstairs with her head bent consolingly to a Siamese .	8	5
It can ward off and cure a number of diseases , keeps the body youthful and enables an easy delivery in childbirth .	4	1
Harry and Hermione looked around : sprinting up the crowded street were Ron , Fred , George , Percy and Mr Weasley .	20	2
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone .	6	2
Feb 2005 is the projected release date , although Guild Wars is made by ex-members of Blizzard , so Feb 2005 could mean August 2006 ...	17	0
When I went to Bosnia , all the meat was Halal .	9	6
A monsoon is a seasonal prevailing wind which lasts for several months , ushering in a region 's rainy season .	10	1
not tonight , Dandy-Roly I 'm on my best behaviour .	0	1
A moment ago , Mr Vatanen spoke to us of lower temperatures , not of 20 degrees below zero , but of 40 degrees below zero .	14	1
Around 230 years after Shakespeare 's death , doubts began to be expressed about the authorship of the works attributed to him .	0	1
Why should I bother my child with memory when he can buy a computer that will remember everything you asked him to remember ?	13	2
Therefore , even in those first moments , he had lost ground , was starting to fall behind himself .	17	1
If you Do n't want to grow out of it quickly get a 14 ' 2 ..	14	2
Here 's a story ... as I was waiting at the bus stop ( 7:35 am ) to go to school , a lady approached me and asked if I 'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus .	40	0
His more unusual accolades include global ambassador for New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation , and a place at Harvard Business School .	10	2
Finally , the amendment tabled by the rapporteur is perfectly logical and I can , therefore , give it my wholehearted support .	10	1
The McCutchan Art Center / Pace Galleries at USI bases its exhibit around roughly 100 Polaroids selected from its collection .	14	1
At the Barton hearing , a liberal democrat ( Filner ) and a conservative Republican ( Hunter ) locked arms in calling for refunds .	9	2
Consider basing your language on an existing language .	0	2
Grand Lake and Lakeshore both share a friendly , suburban sort of feel .	2	1
Hopefully President Bush can accomplish these goals which will not only help strengthen our Chinese allies , but will also help fight the war on terror .	2	2
However , I seriously doubt that the introduction of free market principles , which the report so enthusiastically recommends , is the right solution .	20	6
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .	11	4
Some of the most intriguing questions are chemical ; do they produce some kind of antifreeze , and is that orange glow in the ROV lights their own ?	2	2
And between the time I began my research and the time I applied , the minimum score did change once .	6	3
And so we can compete against each other all the time within Australia but we really need to be able to ...	13	1
I therefore urge the German presidency to take whatever initiative is necessary in the Bonn EU/US summit in June .	0	4
When she was diagnosed with the flesh eating disease the doctor gave her 13 years to live .	11	4
He could see him sitting in the chair across from him , but at the same time it felt as though he was not there .	15	1
" Q Thank you -- I was wondering , there 's a lot of talk right now about memoirs being written with the former President .	20	3
Instead of using vegetable oil , try substituting it for walnut or macadamia nut oils if they are available to you .	19	1
F.O.B. refers to the following terms : Seller is responsible for freight , unloading and storage up to and including delivery in warehouse , Buyer is responsible for storage , loading and freight after delivery .	35	0
We had a large party , about fifty people or so , and yet everything was served quickly and we all had a wonderful time .	11	0
Continuing vigilance is needed in order to maintain and build on the results currently achieved in the fight against euro counterfeiting .	5	2
It was nice and close to the Taj .	4	1
One member actually was convicted of beating his teen daughter unconcious when she ran away from ' marriage ' to her father 's own brother .	15	1
After writing several novels , in 1832 Balzac conceived the idea for an enormous series of books that would paint a panoramic portrait of " all aspects of society .	11	1
" People are still intrigued by how stars live , dress and socialize , since it is so different from most people 's every day lives . "	1	2
In Venus and Adonis , an innocent Adonis rejects the sexual advances of Venus ;	13	1
Increasingly , analysts are saying that China 's efforts have gone beyond what is safe or even in its own interests .	13	6
Does 5 make a chain ?	0	6
From there , you can look up at the islands La Désirade , Petite Terre , Marie Galante , Les Saintes , La Dominique but also have a perfect view of the islands Grande Terre and far away Basse Terre .	23	2
True , there are about 300,000 wolves and wolf hybrids kept as pets in the United States .	9	2
Your life might take on an entirely new direction you 've never dreamed of .	7	1
We have updated our site to include a LOST and FOUND page and you can now join our branch and make a secure on - line donation to the charity .	6	2
She has no experience with snakes and has never held one .	2	1
from my experience with my cats 13 - 18 years depending on the breed .	5	2
' I hastened to assure him I was not in the least typical .	5	5
So , hmmmm indeed .	0	1
The Atmosphere is the best .. Italian music , candles , helpful and friendly staff ... And the food is beautiful too !	11	1
However , the bound field will show the custom group hierarchy in the drop-down list , so you can filter data by selecting custom groups or individual values .	24	2
Abbas , a refugee himself from what is today the northern Israeli city of Safed , called the refugee issue " very important and very dangerous . "	1	0
10 . In Collateral Requests , insert a comma after deposit in the last line .	9	1
Ever since the industrial revolution brought a massive influx of workforce , Łódź had been a city almost equally divided between four cultures - Polish , Jewish , German and Russian .	25	0
It is close to bus lines for Opera Plaza , Galleries Lafayette , and the famous flea Market .	17	2
I should like to welcome Mrs Cresson and ask her to reply to Mr Valverde 's question .	14	2
During the conciliation procedure the Commission , indeed you , Commissioner , declared that a proposal on seaports would be on the table immediately .	6	0
It mostly has to do with the authorship of the book . Who wrote it , and how it was written .	9	2
Dobby leaned towards Harry , his eyes wide as headlamps .	5	4
Dark , dark main room .	2	1
The Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles ( not a drop of magical blood in their veins ) and as far as they were concerned , having a wizard in the family was a matter of deepest shame .	12	1
The current arrests are " a continuation of the shenanigans against us , " said Dündar .	1	1
I also think that the Commission 's proposals are better able to provide this guarantee of dynamic equilibrium .	18	0
Due to the Judge in the 1983 case ruling that a CIA agent could not testify using a pseudonym , therefore opening him to cross-examination by Wilson , the prosecution had a problem .	17	2
Great quality doors and great quality people !	4	1
I have faxed to you the form of Bond , our proposed Bond provisions and the EEI Master .	17	2
If you prefer larger cupcakes , then add a half a cup but make sure the muffin pan is larger and the cupcake holders are bigger .	18	6
An examination of the ramifications of such an attack is desperately in order .	6	1
I was ready to buy a new jacket , a new sweater and a couple of your overpriced belts and I walked out because of your obvious lurking	12	1
Too many kids , too many knifings , too many taserings .	8	1
He looked pleasantly into the martini jug and put it down again patiently .	2	1
