That is the problem : you can not comment on things that you have not read .	1	Finite
Additionally , the analysis address the perceived reasons for reported discrimination experiences .	4	Finite
or buy small bait worms .	1	Finite
The bird scratched his arm rather badly .	2	Finite
That sounds like a BS excuse from ECS , but it that 's what they are saying , let me know and we can figure out a solution .	1	Finite
Education shall be free , at least in the elementary and fundamental stages .	1	Finite
green curry and red curry is awesome !	5	Finite
There are so many wonderful great places to dine in houston .... do n't . waste your time here .	1	Finite
also , what 's the deal with the weather this weekend ?	3	Finite
Even in the best of times , it did not lead to an increase in living standards ( except for the bankers ) , and it eventually led to the crisis from which we are only now recovering .	8	Finite
I 'm really worried cause I have no idea who to talk to and want everything to go smoothly .	11	Nonfinite
I will give them and call and see what they say .	10	Finite
You may be able to do better on the rates if you request competitive quotes via CruiseCompete ) .	2	Nonfinite
If we are all in this thing together , let 's play nice .	11	Nonfinite
My other theory would be wobblers .	4	Nonfinite
- AND JUST MORE STUFF YOU LIKED OVERALL	6	Finite
Each evening you will get a ' magazine ' called The Navigator which lists all of the activities for the next day .	13	Finite
In this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to transact on EnronOnline almost a month after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now complaining .	12	Nonfinite
When they are just jumping at each other and their tails are wagging that means that they are playing .	17	Finite
While it 's not easy to separate fact from fiction , Attorney General Ashcroft and Director Mueller have publicly confirmed Aafia is still being sought .	2	Finite
This would not only apply to entertainment content , but equally to education , to scientific research and , perhaps most importantly , to political discourse .	1	Finite
Three hours is n't far , but you are doing multiple shows .	8	Finite
Please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to Internet email for messages of this kind .	10	Nonfinite
okay , I do nt have a review , but why in the hell would you name your business something that has the initials KKK .... is there something behind the scenes at this place ?	14	Finite
The Hydor SlimSkim Nano is a good nano protein skimmer , it 's an in - tank design that could easily sit in your sump .	21	Nonfinite
I have nothing but respect for people who adhear to non-violence , forgiveness , and charity , but it 's important to remember that Christians ( or ' Smartwolves ' ) do not have a monopoly on that particular lifestyle .	31	Finite
Cockroaches fled , pausing , from what they regarded as positions of safety , to twirl their antennae .	8	Finite
If I have a criticism of the Legal Affairs Committee 's opinion , it is that it is too one-sided .	14	Finite
I have to admit that I had serious misgivings during the first reading of the directive .	3	Nonfinite
Like all playwrights of the time , he dramatised stories from sources such as Plutarch and Holinshed .	8	Finite
MUST TRY !!!	0	Finite
The young Hasid opens his prayer book .	3	Finite
Just do n't take it for granted - you still need to be cautious this year .	12	Nonfinite
Now you are far above the earth - into space .	2	Finite
It 's dark , dingy & dirty .	1	Finite
Who was that I do n't know ... one of the people from the plane ... a baldish fair man with an accent , I did n't catch the name .	4	Finite
Irregularities in menstruation will be cured .	3	Finite
Mérida is a city of contrasts .	1	Finite
Artists reach people at their heart ; it ’s the only time we meet in one place and put our differences aside .	18	Finite
This helps the plants grow bushy .	1	Finite
Bananas and plantains , which were first domesticated in Southeast Asia , most likely Papua New Guinea , were re-domesticated in Africa possibly as early as 5,000 years ago .	18	Finite
Since Auster did not have an office , that meant he worked at home .	2	Finite
They did a very bad job with my hair and were extremely rude when I went back to ask them why it did n't work for my hair .	1	Finite
" A warming of the magnitude predicted is more likely than not to be beneficial to the fisheries of the North Atlantic . "	13	Nonfinite
Please consider whether I might fit in your group .	1	Finite
We were in Santa Fe for a special event and our hosts rented out the El Paradero for all their guests to stay at .	1	Finite
It is difficult to imagine a justification for any action that could envelop the United States in a military and economic conflict with Iraq , Iran , Syria and China simultaneously .	1	Finite
People treat Facebook as an authentic part of their lives , so you can be sure you are connecting with real people with real interest in your products .	1	Finite
Emergency teams in the southern US are battling to reach survivors of Hurricane Katrina , the most destructive storm to hit the country in decades .	9	Nonfinite
Ugh my dad is so stupid ... he just does n't understand anything !	9	Finite
" " Balzac 's characters " , Robb notes , " were as real to him as if he were observing them in the outside world .	19	Finite
I 'm just trying to make up my mind whether I should move to Australia or seek work in the sex industry .	1	Finite
yes do not hold any animal s mouth shut it wil close their air way , he s just a kitty and they are very rambunctious , get him toys .	27	Finite
i use UTH's on all of my burrowing snakes .	1	Finite
It 's possible that people at the turn of the century were saying " land of the kike " and that Faulkner did n't borrow it from Cummings .	22	Finite
If I wait , would the tours I find there for less money be the same quality type tours ?	2	Finite
In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .	4	Finite
What Stillman did on these walks remained something of a mystery to Quinn .	2	Finite
As Indian Commerce Minister Anand Sharma put it , " inherent flexibilities must be provided to developing countries .	13	Nonfinite
If someone wanted to re-record a chapter because they did n't like the speaker , would you then offer two versions ?	2	Finite
If somebody makes a wai to you , a slight bow alone is more than sufficient for ordinary occasions , and for business , most Thais will shake hands with foreigners instead of waiing anyway .	27	Nonfinite
If you 'd rather dine at home , simply call in your order with our take - out service .	4	Nonfinite
Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract , or several ?	2	Nonfinite
For example , if the chart summarizes sales revenue , and the source data also includes sales quantities , you might add the Quantity field as a data field to summarize both revenue and quantity of products sold .	21	Nonfinite
Actually it is not a new truck .	2	Finite
Oil companies evacuated offshore facilities as the storm 's progress kept global markets on tenterhooks .	10	Finite
Do animals see images on a TV screen like humans do ?	10	Finite
Madam President , if the vote records correctly how my Group voted I shall not , and cannot , object to that .	17	Finite
" Will they print it ? " she asked .	8	Finite
You can even sing the word “ ding ” on each floor like notes in a scale , getting higher as you reach each new floor . [ 2 ]	22	Finite
The pizza is usually pretty good , the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more , but it was still good .	13	Finite
We were told by a detective and asked to check our credit for anything unusual .	1	Finite
It is far simpler , however , to achieve a trillion spore concentration in the production of a few grams than in industrial processing typical of a state sponsored lab .	8	Nonfinite
what do you think ?	1	Finite
The chicken cordon - blu was tasty and came in a huge portion size for the money .	5	Finite
The " History " section of the site explains , in a satirical fashion , that the incident was prompted by the Church of Scientology 's attempts to remove a promotional video featuring Scientologist Tom Cruise from YouTube .	28	Nonfinite
The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns , and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus .	29	Nonfinite
If I can get a few minutes with Mark H. today , I 'm going to propose that I speak to Stan Klimberg about getting this signed before Thursday 's meeting with LIPA .	13	Finite
They have the best rates and GREAT customer service .	1	Finite
Mr President , Commissioner , the proposal presented by the Commission , in accordance with its mandate , is a reasonable starting point for the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .	18	Finite
Maybe we can go drinking too .	2	Finite
The content of these sessions should enable them to provide services to researchers and students , identify remaining gaps in knowledge or skills that they could address by self-directed learning and ( perhaps ) to automate their daily library work .	6	Nonfinite
All horses I 've had delivered to me since then are happy and healthy when they arrive .	16	Finite
So , fungi and mycelium sequester carbon dioxide in the form of calcium oxalates .	5	Finite
He had only just reached the upstairs landing when the door bell rang and Uncle Vernon 's furious face appeared at the foot of the stairs .	19	Finite
I 'll probably start looking next weekend .	1	Finite
I was not happy with the way they looked , very wavy , uneven edges , and with the exception of 1 , there is a dip in the center of each nail .	1	Finite
Due to its beautiful hand-painted tiling and magnificent public square , it is considered to be one of the most beautiful cities in the world .	12	Finite
I do n't want to waste my time on routes set for children , but I do n't want to take on something I ca n't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion .	3	Nonfinite
Now that 's a post I can relate to .	2	Finite
Who knows what the future might hold , and it might be expensive ?	6	Nonfinite
Set the correct lid next to each container .	0	Nonfinite
Almost half of all Australian primary school children are mild to moderately iodine deficient , researchers say .	8	Finite
The smell of fish oozed from the docks .	4	Finite
" While he disdained the label of " realist " , Flaubert clearly took heed of Balzac 's close attention to detail and unvarnished depictions of bourgeois life .	13	Finite
Sending the family servant to stop Harry from going back to Hogwarts also sounded exactly like the sort of thing Malfoy would do .	21	Finite
Then a lap doing scissors , one leg forward as far as I can and the other back , then switch legs .	20	Finite
I 've only had good experiences at Adorn , I was greeted and offered a refreshment .	10	Finite
They may however be applied beyond the period specified in the first paragraph as long as these shortcomings persist .	8	Finite
I have not followed that aspect of the societal response for the present storm .	1	Finite
i think they are all bark and no bite .	1	Finite
You do not need to call the embassies to get professional advice .	9	Nonfinite
therefore , it may be helpful to focus your efforts on opening your reserve parachute .	4	Nonfinite
How to Pack Your Possessions When Moving	2	Nonfinite
Once you have a budget or an amount in the bank then you 'll be able to figure out where you can go , for how long you can go and what you can do when you 're there .	13	Finite
Rebecca Edwards had just told Neil Bayley that Felix Pasilis , the Pettigrews ' Greek friend , was furious with her because she 'd forgotten some essential herb that he wanted for his sheep ...	2	Finite
When you read the label it s easy to understand why .	2	Finite
It 's very beautiful I think .	5	Finite
Heald said although temperature and ozone are separately known to impact crop yields , " nobody has looked at these together " .	6	Finite
& here I am thinking that I really must be getting old .	3	Finite
Comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	1	Finite
The only 10.0 " Perfect Score " AVVO Rated Attorney I Have Ever Met .	11	Finite
In order to be invited to the debates , we must raise money and poll nationally .	11	Nonfinite
It was a cubist piece from the 1920s and I believe you called the technique a " push wa " ( pronunciation Vs an attempt at the proper spelling ) .	12	Finite
They already have rights to take it , alter it , and release those changes to the world - this is what the whole open source thing is about .	20	Finite
I 've been looking at the bose sound dock 10 i ve currently got a jvc mini hifi system , i was wondering what would be a good set of speakers .	21	Finite
do you have to go through a medical exam right away ?	0	Finite
If you are not the intended recipient , you must not read , use or disseminate the information .	13	Nonfinite
What are good B & W software 's Photography ?	1	Finite
Mr. ARCHIBALD : I mean , at that time , I was 28 ; George would have been 25 or 26 .	11	Finite
Like his father , he added the aristocratic - sounding particle to help him fit into respected society , but it was a choice based on skill , not birthright .	12	Nonfinite
Well , I 've got news for you , boy . I 'm locking you up you 're never going back to that school . never . and if you try and magic yourself out – they 'll expel you !	12	Finite
Jews do , it is well known , make inordinate demands upon themselves and upon one another .	8	Nonfinite
I guess Mom is going to come back down sometime in March or April to see the new baby .	15	Nonfinite
In the best case , the clamoring for a " refund " subsides .	12	Finite
This file is saved as _report.xml .	2	Finite
I am currently employed with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild .	18	Nonfinite
Darin Fisher wrote this response on January 25 , 2005 :	2	Finite
i do nt want him to get dehydrated and also should i try to give him a little bit of food ?	14	Nonfinite
Parliament agreed to urgent procedure for 22 March	1	Finite
They asked us things that we would have never have thought of , and took extra time to meet with us when we needed it before the wedding .	14	Finite
I look forward to seeing you all there .	1	Finite
The invoice is not detailed , so it is difficult to see what you are paying for .	2	Finite
In any case , I congratulate Mrs Thors on her French ; I certainly can not speak in Swedish or Finnish .	5	Finite
A part of him had died , he told his friends , and he did not want it coming back to haunt him .	4	Finite
Our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the LC transferable .	5	Finite
" If somebody ca n't handle a Twitter account , they ca n't handle the nuclear codes , " Obama mocked .	3	Finite
Praise be : Given the void in responsible behavior among governments , police , educational establishments and religions , the task of guiding our youth down the path of righteousness has fallen to ... Satan "	30	Finite
We loved most of the locations that both of the ships visited and do n't believe that this should be a distinguishing factor on deciding between the cruise lines .	18	Finite
Anyway , I 'm sure my Mom told you guys but Travis and Kathy got to meet him and I think it went well .	14	Finite
If anyone else has voted ?	3	Finite
We have used them for plumbing & A / C and they are affordable and get the work done right .	1	Finite
If you ca n’t seem to focus and are working half-heartedly at your tasks , give yourself a brief break .	4	Nonfinite
Specifically , schemas define the rules of an XML data document , including element names and data types , which elements can appear in combination , and which attributes are available for each element .	21	Finite
Start up your filter ( sponge filters are the best for bettas ) and put in a heater and set it to anywhere between 78 - 82 .	7	Finite
Karzai categorically said that he has assured Musharraf repeatedly that any adverse action against Pakistan taken by Indian diplomats inside Afghanistan would be acted upon swiftly .	2	Finite
He had never been in a wizard house before .	1	Finite
He 's not giving 85 % away , he 's giving a number of shares each year that decrease in number at the rate of 5 % a year ( until gone ? ) .	1	Finite
Everything we ordered was prepared to perfection , and was presented perfectly .	2	Finite
she knows she is invading someone else 's territory , but ca n't help it , and has no where to go .	11	Finite
Particularly the lady who operates the front register , she 's very kind !	10	Finite
the easiest thing would be a fish - but u need to clean the tank weekly , feed it the right amt , etc etc x	17	Nonfinite
If I were , said I , I would n't be talking like this with you .	4	Finite
Pop , would go one of the eight-inch guns ; a small flame would dart and vanish , a little white smoke would disappear , a tiny projectile would give a feeble screech – and nothing happened .	3	Nonfinite
The 69 year old Dr. Lopez was found guilty and was summarily hung and quartered on June 7 , 1594 at Tyburn .	10	Finite
The team at Bradley Chevron kept my car running for well past its expected death !	5	Finite
We are resolved that the State should not interfere with same - gender couples who choose to marry and share fully and equally in the rights , responsibilities , and commitments of civil marriage .	19	Nonfinite
Rather , says one of the prelates , he would stay in Rome and become Party secretary .	14	Nonfinite
It 's pink .	1	Finite
The back of her neck looks like a pack of hot dogs .	5	Finite
The Passcode to participate is : 5107	4	Finite
The net social contribution of all of this " innovation " was negative .	11	Finite
Aeromexico staff at Cancun airport claim that only citizens of China and Russia need no visa .	13	Finite
" Luckily , someone in Sony Australia was like , ' Hey , by the way , did you guys notice this ? ' " says Pall .	20	Nonfinite
It has been emphasised that we absolutely can not continue with those who are completely against Italy .	13	Finite
Visas and Study Permits are administered by Citizenship and Immigration Canada , and any questions regarding applications should be directed to them .	18	Nonfinite
In the second book I made another experiment .	5	Finite
Almost every day he 'd even wake me up like 5 am in the morning , trying to bite my arm .	6	Nonfinite
As President , I will serve ALL of the people in America , guided by the Constitution .	4	Finite
They offer a good portions at a great price , it 's enough food to fill you up , but you do n't ever feel like you ate too much .	1	Finite
" I can not be next to your wife .	2	Finite
These are the kids who will destroy society , because of the crapfest the American family has become under the post hippie culture , you heard again .	5	Finite
In this day and age , it is so rare to find a company with such nice workers and such far ranging guarantee policies .	11	Nonfinite
PCBs accumulate in dolphins in Sarasota Bay , in Texas , in North Carolina .	1	Finite
I found the hotel to be amazingly clean , not to mention very well adorned with many pleasant surprises .	11	Nonfinite
Watch out for the bottom stair , it creaks , Harry whispered back , as the twins disappeared onto the dark landing .	11	Finite
Later the Odara woman sang the new national anthem in a beautiful contralto , her big belly trembling under the robe .	4	Finite
I did n't fought is it good or not than .	3	Nonfinite
To figure out when the last frost will be , consult an almanac or talk with other gardeners in your area .	1	Nonfinite
I 'd go if I were you , or she 'll tell everyone in London you were buttering up to the Africans and did n't want to see them .	25	Nonfinite
In the 1350s , King Gongmin was free at last to reform the Goryeo government when the Yuan dynasty began to crumble .	19	Finite
Would love for you to join us .	0	Finite
We felt we made it better because it introduced a process for review and refund . "	3	Finite
He also said that London was going to be hiring 120 people to deal with the Credit Derivatives business .	5	Finite
My argument is it 's art and therefore should not be censored he 's making us censor it who 's right	2	Finite
Carnival and Royal Caribbean are two popular cruise lines that have strong followings .	4	Finite
If you want reliable and inexpensive ... try Sinh Cafe / Tourist .	7	Nonfinite
Volatility of USD / DM has been in the range of between 7 % and 11 % .	5	Finite
In a few days the faces had lost the stylized , apparition-quality of that first night , the night of the Independence Ball , and become , if not familiar , at least expected .	25	Finite
1 . The pricing that we have given CRRA is specific to FuelCell Energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer ( i.e. , ONSI would be a lot more money ) .	28	Nonfinite
This was the body that Bush proclaimed was bringing " stability " to the region in fall of 1999 .	7	Finite
They are probably especially oriented toward the Salafi school of modern Islamic thought , which has a Protestant - like emphasis on going back to the original practice of the early companions of the Prophet Muhammad .	1	Finite
Some 2,000 junior officers of the old Baath army have been recalled to duty in recent months , something Chalabi would have blocked if he could have .	20	Finite
In my letter to Le Monde I had said that in the French tradition there were two attitudes toward the Jews : a revolutionary attitude which had resulted in their enfranchisement , and an anti-Semitic one .	7	Finite
" Q Thank you -- I was wondering , there 's a lot of talk right now about memoirs being written with the former President .	2	Finite
Is he a smart detective ?	0	Finite
If you own a Retail Store or are a Professional Vendor who exhibits at Sport , Hunting , or Craft Shows and are interested in selling our products , please give us a call !	2	Finite
We must feed you up while we 've got the chance . I do n't like the sound of that school food	8	Finite
You might end up as a no show passenger .	1	Finite
3 The Other group is the parent of the items you did not assign to any specific custom group .	4	Finite
Work it into your speech -- something along the line of , " And Jen , you come from great people and have fantastic friends .	17	Finite
In the parts of the city farther from downtown , north-south streets are numbered .	12	Finite
You must keep intact all notices that refer to this License and to the disclaimer of warranties .	2	Nonfinite
So was Darren there last night to meet her or do you just think they 'd make a good match ?	7	Nonfinite
Your luggage will be brought to the entrance , if you 'll just give me the tickets ...	2	Finite
He stood up and said , I was about to make some lunch for myself .	7	Finite
Damascus has been intent for years upon establishing significant military strength to serve as a counterweight to Israel 's overwhelming capabilities .	12	Nonfinite
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .	2	Finite
One thing is for sure , the economy is not faltering on my account .	8	Finite
The long awaited relief you 've needed in your love life is around the corner , and by the end of the year you will feel much clearer about your partnerships in general .	11	Finite
They will make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent themselves .	2	Nonfinite
I just hope that I will be invited to the opening ceremony because we worked damned hard to get it .	5	Finite
Harry Potter must not put himself in peril .	4	Nonfinite
Deb Watson is the contact person and she and the rest of the staff were great !!!	2	Finite
It simply refers to the same ICC publication for the transfer process that governs the letter of credit generally .	2	Finite
The restrictions would drive prices as low as $ 65 per megawatt - nearly 12 times below the $ 750 per megawatt limits of seven months earlier .	2	Finite
I am in the office so give me a call .	6	Nonfinite
you need to learn about white balance , composition , angle , and work on using the camera properly ...	1	Finite
This card gives an allowance that can be withdrawn from ATMs in order to buy school needs such as books and uniforms .	6	Finite
Thought you might like to know .	5	Nonfinite
I would recommend him to anyone .	2	Nonfinite
Call to discuss the response to the Trustee 's settlement offer .	0	Finite
You people think it is race , but it is not .	2	Finite
I wanted to watch it with them , but they decided they ’d rather watch it without me in the end .	3	Nonfinite
The cast members really have to have incredibly powerful voices to pull off a few of the most poignant numbers ( I think this could be your true calling ) .	24	Finite
Moreover , seeing someone perform on the internet takes away the use of our senses , originality and imagination that reading and thinking about magic can produce .	25	Finite
It 's not an exaggeration to say that what they 're having to do is introduce a so-called democratic social system in place of a paternalist discipline .	14	Finite
Response : The US must do whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of the Pakistani government .	10	Nonfinite
I suspect that 's not true . "	1	Finite
He had kept up , since he finally left Africa ten years ago , a close contact with Adamson Mweta and the other leaders of the African independence movement .	8	Finite
Harry nodded and Dobby 's eyes suddenly shone with tears .	7	Finite
He stood up , went into the kitchen , and made another bowl of cornflakes .	4	Finite
Using the LIMIT TO nn ROWS clause to limit the number of rows returned by a query	2	Nonfinite
Oh , I think I can say we 've come out of it quite good friends .	6	Nonfinite
But since in my country it lasts for minimum 6 years , and I want to go aground the world , what do you think , should I do it before or after medical school ?	16	Nonfinite
Do not hesitate to call us with any questions .	4	Nonfinite
Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and in particular they do not touch women or take things from women 's hands .	13	Finite
The present evidence relating to Atta 's alleged travel to Prague does not warrant a conclusion that Al Qaeda obtained the Ames strain from Iraq .	13	Nonfinite
Sand and dust storms are natural events that occur in arid regions where the land is not protected by a covering of vegetation .	15	Finite
Look at it through Auster 's eyes , he said to himself , and do n't think of anything else .	16	Nonfinite
Cheer the team today ; ( your boys in orange and blue ) Let them hear you shout as they fight for what 's mightily due	13	Nonfinite
So we try it out here .	2	Finite
" It may be a difficult political issue but I do n't think the energy content is worthwhile . "	12	Nonfinite
There began one of those chases about in the night that , Bray saw , Neil Bayley fiercely enjoyed .	13	Finite
And the President becomes a Dictator , unrestrained by anything in the Constitution , backed up by the Armed Forces , which would be entirely under his personal control .	3	Finite
hopefully she does n't hose you .	4	Nonfinite
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution .	8	Nonfinite
His art perfectly combines painting and Chinese calligraphy .	3	Finite
I had the Chicken Parmesan Dinner and my wife had the Shrimp Scampi Dinner .	1	Finite
But no , that did not seem possible .	6	Nonfinite
Fear complexes will be removed .	3	Nonfinite
Sails are not represented in prehistoric Mesoamerican iconography or texts , instead , it is theorized that canoes were used as a primary mode of water transportation for the ancient Maya .	18	Finite
NCL is a notch below either , in terms of quality and service .	1	Finite
Reports from Port Blair make it evident that New Delhi gets little on - the - ground intelligence , and the Indian Coast Guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands .	28	Nonfinite
And with Europe 's help and technical assistance , we will establish one .	11	Nonfinite
China 's strong hand in this even extends to the diplomatic realm ; China is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council , and could veto any actions against Iran proposed by the United States .	26	Finite
Another problem is that sometimes bad eggs will fungus and the fungus will spread out and kill all the eggs .	13	Nonfinite
That 's a tragedy for those populations , but it 's also a tragedy for the people eating them because they don't know that that 's toxic meat .	1	Finite
It can also be dangerous if you use toxic chemicals and poisons .	3	Nonfinite
i have tried EVERYTHING i can to get him to eat but he refuses .	5	Finite
STEP ONE : You do not need to re-type this entire letter to do your own posting .	4	Finite
I SAY LISTEN : I 'm at 17th and LOCUST , do you deliver there ?	5	Finite
Otherwise , you can do what you can do in other parts or Japan , like shopping , eating , etc .	3	Finite
Then Charles A. Briggs came to the rescue .	4	Finite
The two screamed to frighten the bear and warn their friends in a tent several metres away but the bear ripped into that tent and began mauling 31 - year - old Alain Parenteau .	20	Finite
I will manage client expectations accordingly .	2	Nonfinite
Take the quinoa off the heat and let stand , covered , for 5 minutes .	0	Nonfinite
Thank you .	0	Finite
They felt like they were going to fall off of me and it was very difficult to see what I would actually look like were I to purchase some of these dresses .	22	Nonfinite
The system was simple , direct , and worked well , even with previously untrained pilots .	2	Finite
<< There were no Jews in England to speak of in the 1590's .	2	Finite
Just last night we were saying we 'd come and get you ourselves if you had n't written back to Ron by Friday .	15	Finite
Offer to do extra chores , ask for your pet as a reward for good grades , something like that .	6	Finite
The FERC order tomorrow is likely to alter the points somewhat .	4	Finite
I am SO GLAD to have found Dr. Liau .	5	Nonfinite
Meanwhile , the estranged wife of a government whip has launched her campaign to take the seat .	9	Finite
Ukraine 's government under Yanukovych was incompetent , corrupt , and mendacious .	5	Finite
you need to do that for a least a week , or else this type of territorial fighting will happen .	3	Nonfinite
For most people , receiving compliments is only fun up to a point — getting more than one or two can make someone feel embarrassed and self-conscious .	20	Finite
I would n't recommend this place last year , and I certainly would n't recommend them this year .	14	Nonfinite
How is the Santorum drink made ?	1	Finite
FYI - See rows 49 - 53 ; columns E - J for our group .	2	Finite
Again I apologize , but it 'll be better over there .	7	Nonfinite
... but basically , what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy ... lots of patience , lots of time , lots of praise , lots of treats , and lots of repition .... Right ?	7	Finite
You can make other noises if you prefer , such as a bird cawing or an explosion sound every time a button is pushed .	1	Finite
“ We ’ve requested other nations to help us populate the zoo with different species of animals , including a pig , ” Saqib said .	2	Finite
I used to go here almost every day since I work in the neighbourhood and loved their turkey and meatball sandwiches .	10	Finite
You may support or oppose the Iraq war , but to refer to fans of Saddam , Arafat or Bin Laden as peace activists is a bit too much .	24	Finite
I have visited Dr. Cooper 's office twice and I am very impressed with how friendly and polite the staff is .	1	Finite
Therefore I could not estimate the mean reversion rate as the estimated slope has the positive sign .	13	Finite
We should inspire more kids like you to like science .	8	Nonfinite
There are heaps of yellowed euros and deutschmarks dumped here , like snowdrifts .	1	Finite
Now it is time to take the next steps and achieve even greater progress in our public education system .	2	Finite
To this end , the Commission shall be assisted by a committee .	7	Nonfinite
Thank you thank you	2	Finite
There was some horrible fate impending for Sonia and I had to kill her before something worse happened .	12	Nonfinite
That 's what it was on Thursday . And yesterday ... Only a hundred and nine , that 's all ...	1	Finite
September 11 was quantitatively much less lethal than many earthquakes	2	Finite
But if somebody wakes up one morning and suddenly no longer is funny , then yeah , head first , out the door as quickly as possible , and as sadistically as possible .	3	Finite
If you ca n’t seem to focus and are working half-heartedly at your tasks , give yourself a brief break .	15	Nonfinite
" As a way to commercialize his work , he would make a blue Marilyn and a pink Marilyn and a yellow Marilyn , and then you could pick your favorite color and buy that .	27	Finite
We trust and appreciate Scott Larson and know that he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs !	1	Finite
The hour had long since passed for his call to Virginia Stillman , and he debated whether to go through with it .	5	Finite
She was bony and rough-skinned and bent like an old crow , with a blue silk scarf and hanks of hair as black as soot .	1	Finite
I said , Yes .	1	Finite
Will we choose to rise about prejudice and intolerance or go down kicking and screaming with holding on to fear and anger ?	0	Finite
Do not go there if you expect to sleep through the night .	8	Nonfinite
He said yes .	1	Finite
I will get a treat and try to get him in there that way , it wo nt work .	6	Nonfinite
it s great to know you can get great service , great product , and for the best price all in one !	6	Finite
The plots of Shakespeare 's tragedies often hinge on such fatal errors or flaws , which overturn order and destroy the hero and those he loves .	16	Finite
Twinkle Twinkle lazy star Kitna soyega uthja yaar , up above the world so high , sun has risen in the sky , uthke jaldi pee le chai , then call me up and say " HI "	30	Finite
STOA , to produce for us a paper which indicated low sulphur fuels are essential .	3	Nonfinite
--- The Crew Exploration Vehicle ( CEV ) is funded at $ 268 million .	8	Finite
So ultimately I decided that eHow 's model would not build the resource I envisioned .	10	Nonfinite
In any case , since the book is supposed to be real , it follows that the story has to be written by an eyewitness to the events that take place in it .	18	Finite
We 've been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the " Babies Elliott " had arrived .	15	Finite
It was something natural , that had its reason , that had a meaning .	1	Finite
Nevertheless , his keen insight regarding working-class conditions earned him the esteem of many Socialists and Marxists .	8	Finite
Scientific research to develop products like irradiated sterile insects or the Oxitec mosquitoes proceeds progressively from more to less contained conditions – from the laboratory to confined trials to limited field trials .	13	Finite
Quinn reached into his pocket and gave the man a dollar .	6	Finite
Today 's announcement is an affront to the thousands of dedicated men and women at Johnson Space Center , the greater Houston community and the State of Texas , and I m deeply disappointed with the Administration 's misguided decision .	3	Finite
I know that 's ugly ... but she wo n't help you out for anything ... sad story .	1	Finite
If you want a wharf berthage then call the local harbour master as you near the Chathams and he will sort you out .	2	Finite
We are only doing public domain works , for a number of reasons , partly to keep simplicity in our copyright situation -- public domain means it s as simple as can be .	27	Finite
There are a couple of packages available through the supporters of the comp.sources.unix archives .	1	Finite
I 'll drive an hour just for their volcano , yum !	2	Nonfinite
From this point of view , stale structures and a self - satisfied elite are the reason why the health system , education and foreign trade in the USA is in such bad shape .	14	Finite
By comparing my observations to what my colleagues and predecessors had found , I figured out what group it belongs to , and was able to determine that within that group , it was a new species .	10	Finite
If he does know and approves of this behavior then it is a poor reflection on him .	3	Nonfinite
What sort of Hotel could I expect to find in New Delhi / Agra / Varanasi for rs 500 per night ?	8	Nonfinite
The bird was gone ; he knew , almost as if the breath 's weight of claws had pressed down the roof and now the pressure was released .	6	Finite
4 ) If they are not going up by now you just got ta keep trying and keep trying .	14	Nonfinite
If yes , was Canada involved in this act / law ?	3	Finite
Click here To view it .	0	Finite
A better approach would entail creating high - quality jobs in modern service industries .	4	Nonfinite
( Green symbolizes " Islam " and Prophet Mohammed 's holy war ) .	2	Finite
Standards have been raised , and the question of the radio ham has also been given attention .	12	Finite
First time I started wearing woman 's lingerie I was very young .	3	Finite
Various doctors , both foreign and American , are associated with Al Qaeda leaders or operatives , to include the doctors Abdul Qadoos Khan , a bacteriologist from Rawalpindi and Aafia Siddiqui , PhD , from Karachi .	18	Nonfinite
If you 're not presently married , and want to be , you just might wed by the end of the year .	8	Finite
Do n't get me wrong I want to go , but for 2 days -_- I mean seriously .	8	Nonfinite
Quinn told him .	1	Finite
If you think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year , please let me know .	2	Finite
It's ' gimmick ' was that you fill your bowl cafeteria - style from raw ingredients and leave it on the counter with a chopstick listing your table number on it .	4	Finite
I believe ENE will continue to be range bound , but in case it is not , I do n't want to forgo 50 % of my option premium .	4	Nonfinite
It looks like The Lunar Transportation Systems , Inc. is visualizing a " space highway " going from the moon to Earth ( and back again ) .	9	Finite
So instead of documenting the dreams it gradually became also like adding creational elements , and I think that somehow through writing my dreams I gradually came to writing , also poems , but mainly stories .	8	Finite
Ask her about the handsome young man from Texas , and she remembers him 32 years later like it was yesterday .	0	Finite
As I mentioned , please let me know when it is ready , and I will send someone to pick it up .	16	Nonfinite
So I say : I 'm at the Radison Warwick hotel in Rittenhouse Square ( built in 1926 ) do you deliver to the Warwick ?	2	Finite
Commissioner , we shall continue to raise the issue , as Article 158 , paragraph 1 , of the Treaty of Amsterdam provides for an integrated policy for islands .	6	Nonfinite
There was lax control over the distribution of the Ames strain that was used , especially in light of the fact that transfers were not even required to be recorded prior to 1997 .	1	Finite
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	1	Finite
He could be killed years ago and the israelians have all the reasons , since he founded and he is the spiritual leader of Hamas , but they did n't .	28	Finite
Sometimes there was gunfire outside and we jumped , even Mam on the bed .	2	Finite
Do n't worry about avoiding temptation ... as you grow older , it will avoid you .	9	Finite
I did n't have a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake your hand .	3	Nonfinite
In the summer , very hot and dry heat is the norm .	9	Finite
Stretching is important to loosen muscles , strengthen muscles and to elongate your posture .	1	Finite
Even worse , the dark , narrow street Harry could see through the dusty shop window was definitely not Diagon Alley .	10	Nonfinite
Ingenious , really , how many ways Muggles have found of getting along without magic .	9	Finite
However , in the day time would it be okay for the rabbit to hop around along with the chickens ?	6	Finite
Sheer contrast to getting it done at karol bagh which is done under the wooden plank	10	Finite
This way they will see that your hand is good and it s not going to grab them or hurt them .	16	Nonfinite
Egypt had a role to play as they convinced Hamas to end the attacks , although the same can not be said of Islamic Jihad .	11	Nonfinite
The crew said he was drinking himself silly in his quarters .	4	Finite
The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .	13	Nonfinite
Oh Hjalmar Wentz must have been .	4	Finite
I would n't have mentioned the fellow to you at all , only it was from his lips that I first heard the name of the man who is so indissolubly connected with the memories of that time .	3	Finite
You can add new filter fields or move existing fields to the filter area .	2	Nonfinite
She would cry from frustration when the older children could do something that she could n't — like tie knots , or catch a chicken .	1	Finite
My take is that the UDCs will be indifferent to this ( maybe ? ) and our # 1 priority is to work to get the PG&E model adopted across the state .	7	Nonfinite
I do n't like to write to him – with those messengers of ours you never know who may get hold of your letter – at that Central Station .	3	Nonfinite
I will not eat halal meat , so guess what , I opted for foods which were n't a meat dish , there were plenty of other options .	16	Finite
Friends who do n't even write to Harry Potter ? said Dobby slyly .	2	Finite
However , Pyrrhus was forced to leave Sicily in order to attend to business in southern Italy .	3	Finite
you have brought someone else into his territory , and he needs to be reminded that you still love him , and support his claim to his space .	18	Finite
She is always so busy , too , which is a good indication of her talent .	1	Finite
In addition , when you choose to save the data as XML , you can specify that the data be transformed to a custom display format by using an existing .xsl file .	15	Nonfinite
You can go further and feel that your unit consciousness , a dot in the Infinite Consciousness , is merging with Infinity .	18	Finite
Drink from me if you can ; wash , if you like ; trouble my waters if you dare .	11	Finite
But what their contented little minds will never know is that I knew it when I took the job , I knew it all along , and I 'll say it now as loud as I 'd say it then ...	36	Finite
The sun had come round and the curtains glowed like the sky above a fire .	8	Finite
A silver swarm coalesces around the 164th , and she vanishes into it , like a snip of scallion into cloudy miso soup .	10	Finite
The hardest thing in running this business , which is why people ca n't do it , is the relationship that my wife has with the gals and with the customers .	14	Nonfinite
I have had all three of my children attend Lake Forest Tots .	8	Nonfinite
My knowledge of the responsiveness of the Indian government to this storm is purely from the cyber space .	12	Finite
I agree that the European Parliament did not have the opportunity - or that it was not given the opportunity , as we had reached the end of the parliamentary term - to discuss the Directives .	15	Finite
the difference is that when a bomb goes off in a West End restaurant the fundamental right of England to exist is not in dispute .	7	Finite
In 1902 that Coron was registered as a town and the name of the town was officially changed from Penon de Coron to Coron .	4	Finite
I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed .	1	Finite
or you could even spray some scented spray on the leash and he will go for the scent and probably , if you act quick enough , will stay on the leash .	28	Nonfinite
Keep the soil moist until the seeds germinate .	0	Nonfinite
Minister of Education Stefania Giannini said a " more general reflection " ( ( it ) ) is needed .	5	Finite
Why did you choose to study mathematics ?	5	Nonfinite
We have been able to keep ENA 's direct group expenses flat year on year , we are trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well .	1	Finite
After 1610 , Shakespeare wrote fewer plays , and none are attributed to him after 1613 .	4	Finite
The following morning , he paid a man to fit bars on Harry 's window .	9	Nonfinite
You can not walk 5 feet without smelling that disgusting cigarette smoke and it blows right into the windows all day and all night .	3	Nonfinite
I came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction , which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to an account requiring maximum confidence .	24	Finite
An hour later , as he climbed from the number 4 bus at 70th Street and Fifth Avenue , he still had not answered the question .	23	Finite
I left in a French steamer , and she called in every blamed port they have out there , for , as far as I could see , the sole purpose of landing soldiers and custom-house officers .	1	Finite
The cashier was also short , unapologetic and made me feel as I was wasting her time .	13	Finite
Ok I am a New Yorker who has been going to school in Oxford , England .	2	Finite
Agel has created a new compensation structure that is truly revolutionary .	8	Finite
And the murderer , speaking to one of the geniuses of the nineteenth century , answers , " Because you are so simple that one can not help feeling sorry for you . "	25	Finite
This query mode has more of the ANSI syntax , and the wildcard characters conform to the SQL specification .	14	Finite
The best value I 've found from a Chinese restaurant .	4	Finite
Also , I 'm going out to San Diego for the Labor Day weekend to visit Hoot 's daughter Julie .	15	Nonfinite
Then , the next morning , when we , among many other irate guests , asked to speak to the owner , he refused to do so .	25	Nonfinite
Nida has been a pioneer in the fields of translation theory and linguistics .	1	Finite
You have to have two because they do n't do well alone .	9	Nonfinite
4 Plant the seeds .	1	Nonfinite
Two enormous green eyes had appeared among the leaves .	4	Finite
We forget we are from Earth .	1	Finite
Faster , more efficient , delivery to the body Learn More	9	Finite
They have undoubtedly recognized their failure in the Arab world and may even be preparing to reopen diplomatic relations with Israel .	13	Nonfinite
Regardless of the wolf 's legal status , its future expansion into new areas now seems likely .	15	Finite
He knows his bees !	1	Finite
On or about October 6 , 1999 , Kelly Cloud , Senior Vice President of CCNG , Inc. ( 713 ) 235-1972 , called and informed me that the counterparty should be CCGM , L.P. .	23	Finite
For most people , receiving compliments is only fun up to a point — getting more than one or two can make someone feel embarrassed and self-conscious .	23	Nonfinite
Let me know what schedule works for you .	0	Finite
They do n't do certain things that are really annoying about other offices .	1	Finite
People want to learn more practical skills , and for the most part the internet does n't provide enough quality information yet .	1	Finite
For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e. U.S. and U.K. branches ) .	10	Nonfinite
The future president joined the Guard in May 1968 .	3	Finite
Using a fairly wide aperture is also helpful in blurring out unwanted background elements .	5	Finite
If so , this happy band has not been heard from since .	6	Finite
Dudley , who was so large his bottom drooped over either side of the kitchen chair , grinned and turned to Harry .	8	Finite
This Muggle woman bought it , took it home and tried to serve her friends tea in it .	12	Nonfinite
Middle Office work being prioritised is as follows	7	Finite
If so , you may want to split and cover .	7	Nonfinite
The referee should ensure that rules are being followed .	2	Finite
The results we got are very reliable .	3	Finite
" In the foreign policy field the Soviets have had an almost uninterrupted series of defeats and disappointments .	8	Finite
The continued Israeli colonization of the occupied Palestinian territories during the 1990s helped , along with terrorist attacks by radical groups such as Hamas , to derail the peace process , which Sharon had always opposed .	12	Finite
Also , if you can think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year , please let me know .	10	Finite
Depending on the adjusters , you may be able to leave them a little loose too .	10	Nonfinite
They needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files on Wilson .	4	Finite
Meats are kept VERY cold , seafood smells fresh and the serving bar is VERY clean .	1	Finite
If you need someone to help you out with your heating problems , I DEFINITELY would call TIGER HEATING and AIR .	16	Nonfinite
Will make that change .	1	Nonfinite
US and Afghan intelligence will shortly be presenting the ISI with a list of Taliban extremists and their suspected whereabouts .	4	Finite
Hundreds of people are feared dead in Mississippi , and the Louisiana city of New Orleans is badly flooded .	3	Finite
China will purchase 250 million tons of liquefied natural gas from Iran over the next 30 years , will develop the massive Yadavaran oil field in Iran , and will receive 150,000 barrels of oil per day from that field .	29	Finite
Phailin 's winds will rapidly weaken as it pushes inland .	3	Finite
I do n't want them to commit suicide or something haha	1	Finite
Al Qaeda 's regional operative , Hambali , who was at a key January 2000 meeting and supervised Sufaat , has been captured .	9	Finite
She ’s on the Holbeinsteg bridge .	1	Finite
You might end up as a no show passenger .	2	Nonfinite
There were rumors that a very important station was in jeopardy , and its chief , Mr. Kurtz , was ill .	19	Finite
I recently got a tattoo done at Aztec and I could not be happier .	10	Finite
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy this message or disclose its contents to anyone .	22	Finite
2005 is bound to bring at least one major success in the love department , and your career will be brimming with new enthusiasm and innovation .	19	Nonfinite
Country has an Independent strategy = NASA & company to use " Numero Uno " strategy , try to assert , beat , mesh and control the space program of the country .	10	Nonfinite
They said it would be made exactly like the one I needed to replace .	4	Nonfinite
I guess you get what you pay for .	6	Finite
Muttering darkly , Mr Borgin disappeared into a back room .	5	Finite
What do french men find sexy ?	4	Nonfinite
We had frosts in October so I would n't advise visiting late in the year to be honest , Spring time is your best bet .	7	Finite
I need to have a form filled out that says I do n't have health insurance coverage through Enron .	11	Finite
I talked with Mark at SW Gas - just honro his numbers	9	Finite
" So let us make a deal .	2	Finite
When you export to Excel , detail fields will be available on the PivotTable toolbar in Excel , but the fields wo n't be displayed in the report .	21	Finite
Iran , North Korea and China have been willing providers of state - of - the - art technologies .	6	Finite
Some countries like Malaysia and Singapore promote trading for foreign visitors during some part of the year .	6	Finite
My Snake 's meal is TOO big , what can I do ?	4	Finite
Upon arrival at the school , however , it became clear that the children were not accustomed to playing with puppets and that the data collection would be a novel experience for them .	27	Nonfinite
Harry had never met either of them , but knew that Charlie was in Romania , studying dragons , and Bill in Egypt , working for the wizard 's bank , Gringotts .	3	Finite
After every world war , the rules of international law have changed , and the same will happen after the present one .	17	Nonfinite
I tried two years ago to initiate a pilot scheme to send local people away for training in broadcasting techniques –	6	Nonfinite
I do nt know how it is possible to make orange chicken , sesame chicken and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puffs taste THAT bad but China Delight accomplished that .	9	Nonfinite
" In our view , we did not believe we changed or made worse the financial situation .	12	Finite
Be sure to keep the feces out of the reach of children and pets .	0	Nonfinite
One thing that I should say ... is that like all research , the outcome of what we are doing is highly uncertain .	5	Nonfinite
remember to visit with him while he is in the room , and tell him how good he is .	13	Nonfinite
RAPHAEL dies : April 6 , 1520 Good Friday	1	Finite
The worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like Zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims that " everyone " is going to " love " the food , decor and service .	30	Nonfinite
Again Dr. Fortier threw rocks at the bear and again its target was able to escape .	15	Nonfinite
I did n't get to read the answers lol :(	1	Finite
Country has an Independent strategy = NASA & company to use " Numero Uno " strategy , try to assert , beat , mesh and control the space program of the country .	19	Nonfinite
The Spanish story will surely end up being extremely costly to other European countries , including France , who is now expelling inciting preachers and forbidding veils and including others who sent troops to Iraq .	5	Nonfinite
France does n't have a good reputation .	3	Nonfinite
The most important thing is that you are comfortable , and that you 're not wearing baggy or loose fitting clothing so you can make sure you 're forming and moving correctly in the mirror .	4	Finite
If you 're looking for a good burger , some great fries ( they are too die for ! ) , and good drinks , go to Chickie & Pete 's !	2	Finite
it was assumed that he would pick up family and other relationships merely by being exposed to them .	5	Finite
We read the good reviews before going and had high hopes .. but to our dismay it did nt turn out that way !	17	Finite
We honestly can not think of even 1 thing we did n't like !	10	Finite
remember to bring cash since they do n't take debit or credit .	6	Finite
But it did not give me the time of day .	4	Nonfinite
Few records of Shakespeare 's private life survive , and there has been considerable speculation about such matters as his physical appearance , sexuality , religious beliefs , and whether the works attributed to him were written by others .	7	Finite
Which , I might add is the same foot that keeps crumbling with the nails .	10	Finite
Staff exchange has , nonetheless , gained ground and has now become a standard feature of Pericles .	9	Finite
I heard that more may be going up for sale in the next month or do .	4	Finite
He could n't very well offer a work of the imagination to do that , could he ?	15	Finite
Did dthat stuff form Joe help your car .	5	Nonfinite
It has always failed to deal with the real issue , namely the closing-down of Sellafield .	3	Finite
Why do n't we meet in Diagon Alley ?	4	Nonfinite
This view of the situation comforted Quinn , and he decided to believe in it , even though he had no grounds for belief .	19	Finite
The media has tended to overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word " domestic " the word includes a US - based , highly - educated supporter of the militant islamists .	2	Finite
So I have a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for and one of them is my best friend .	10	Finite
i v owned beardies for ovr 3 yrs and i handle mine all the time .. they do nt go hard lik eneedle hard but they ar nt pillow soft .	19	Nonfinite
There 's not that much money in fundamental science at the moment , so I try to cut the costs wherever possible .	17	Nonfinite
Suggest what you like , they just talk it away into the cigarette smoke , nobody even listens .	3	Finite
If I had to take over the English-language services tomorrow , you know what I 'd have to do it with a bunch of Lambala and speakers from the vernacular sections and some refugee school-teachers from South Africa .	16	Finite
Note that the ratio of Skittles to vodka varies from recipe to recipe .	8	Finite
" But it may be that BA and IAG have cracked it and can offer something vaguely reliable . "	14	Nonfinite
Let us know and we can add it , and make any other changes you 'd like to make at this end .	5	Finite
Bombs are exploding everywhere .	1	Finite
We will still be around to assist them if needed .	6	Nonfinite
Therefore , he can not be the author .	5	Nonfinite
They want to save their friend .	1	Finite
It was unconscious , this smile was , though just after he had said something it got intensified for an instant .	13	Finite
" Are you here for stories ? " I asked .	9	Finite
The Weasleys roared with laughter and Harry settled back in his seat , grinning from ear to ear .	2	Finite
it was a little to high dollar for me	1	Finite
They have fresh flowers , lasted a long while in the vase , and the two ladies at the shop know the business well .	1	Finite
I love her and want to help her but I do n't know when I 'll be able to take her to to vet :( please help .	4	Finite
Maybe one day they will allow space tourism , ( hopefully that will be in the near future ) although I would recommend that NASA build new shuttles instead of trying to preserve the older ones .	22	Nonfinite
I say why not ?	1	Finite
It will also give us a future in the two very important industries that we can not ignore and ensure Europe 's future prosperity .	19	Nonfinite
I do nt know how it is possible to make orange chicken , sesame chicken and kung pao chicken as well as cheese puffs taste THAT bad but China Delight accomplished that .	1	Finite
Read on to learn the facts .	0	Finite
Kittens typically have to be taught by the mother to easily become a mouser .	4	Nonfinite
If anyone is interested in listening to this song , and in offering their opinion , whether it be positive or negative , I 'd appreciate it .	24	Finite
anybody is open to answers but I would much prefere somebody with traveling experience .	4	Nonfinite
Just let me know and I can send you a new attachment .	7	Nonfinite
I am prepared to pay you .	1	Finite
" There 's no tracking mechanism in place " ?!?!?	2	Finite
But , we had a great laid back day last Saturday and I think have hit that comfortable stage ... you know , not quite so formal about dates etc .	14	Finite
Or was that a later one ?	1	Finite
First , we must educate people on how to protect themselves better online .	3	Finite
However , the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list .	14	Finite
I will also be having my other vet up who 's a chiro & acupuncturist to evaluate him for wobblers .	10	Finite
FITNESS UNLIMITED is a second home to a lot of us gym members who work out daily .	14	Finite
after finding the car i wanted they took the time to go over each step and making it as painless as possible .	11	Nonfinite
house of pies here i come .	5	Finite
In Shakespeare 's day , English grammar , spelling and pronunciation were less standardised than they are now , and his use of language helped shape modern English .	25	Nonfinite
The remodelling of some roads near bottleneck junctions to accommodate bicycle lanes has made traffic jams even worse still in recent years , and parking in the city centre is very expensive .	12	Finite
I said Yep , had that truck longer than I have had most of my women .	4	Finite
None of us will be using their services again , which is a shame .	3	Finite
I promise you will not be disappointed !	3	Finite
No evidence suggests that Shakespeare approved these editions , which the First Folio describes as " stol ' n and surreptitious copies " .	13	Finite
He responded by purchasing a classified advertisement in the Gazette De France , hoping that his anonymous critic would find it .	18	Finite
Quinn would make a clean breast of it , Auster would forgive him , and together they would work to save Peter Stillman .	10	Finite
If you want to eat cheaply without worrying about all those daily deal emails every day , ZebraKlub should be perfect for you .	4	Nonfinite
I called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told " This is a Days Inn , not the Hilton " and the receptionist then hung up on me .	4	Nonfinite
I am sorry for him , he is a good dad	1	Finite
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	7	Finite
As you approach the Earth at , or close to , terminal velocity , you may wish to contemplate your past existence , and the possibility of a future afterlife .	18	Nonfinite
They are dependable , have great connections in the community , and are a great resource for finding a job .	12	Finite
The wake also included the night sit were friends and family sit up through the night with the remains .	3	Finite
Just as I knew we should have to leave .	8	Nonfinite
It was n't until he gave up and walked out the door that someone asked Can I help you .	17	Nonfinite
I also never have to wait long for a yearly inspection sticker ... and never get the usual excuses other shops always gave me ... " the inspection guy is n't here today " .... for example .	15	Finite
Autumn is from mid August onwards as far as the weather goes if not officially according to the calender .	1	Finite
The real Lockhart was wearing robes of forget-me-not blue which exactly matched his eyes ; his pointed wizard 's hat was set at a jaunty angle on his wavy hair .	3	Finite
Dr. Chao you are the best dentist I have ever had .	8	Finite
Great for the kiddies - they love the labyrinth ( do n't forget to tell 'em it s really a ' pagen ' thing ! ) .	10	Finite
Given the volume of content this represents , it is easy to forget that the television series itself is an adaptation of a book series with a pre-existing fandom .	6	Finite
Prices , he said , did not spike as a result .	3	Finite
They have towed car for me a few times and I am always very satisfied with this services .	1	Finite
but I was pleasantly surprised to find that the Purple Goose 's prices are reasonable ( for the SAME products found at other area boutiques , the prices were 20 - 25 % cheaper ) .	6	Nonfinite
Most of you may not know that fungi were the first organisms to come to land .	3	Finite
What was I supposed to do , say I ca n't afford you and walk out with crap all over my hair .	11	Nonfinite
In any case , Kalkat puts it succinctly : " There can not be a military option to what is a political situation . "	19	Finite
I would strongly suggest " The Breakfast Club " in Chicago .	1	Finite
Also on Main St. is Metropolitan Plants , a haven for flower lovers , with a very large selection of products for gardeners .	4	Finite
should be non bondad	1	Nonfinite
That s how they were caught .	1	Finite
how do i get to paris cdg airport to paris montparnasse ?	1	Finite
The Hydor SlimSkim Nano is a good nano protein skimmer , it 's an in - tank design that could easily sit in your sump .	4	Finite
When was the last time you heard about a ship sinking ?	1	Finite
And on the Jaffa Road , because of another bomb , six adolescents two on a break from night school stopping at a coffee shop to eat buns , have just died .	31	Finite
First two times up , Kingsman hits solo shots , he said . Boom , boom . Big mothers – all the way to the moon .	6	Finite
Because of my academic and professional background , I understand the issues and challenges facing Virginia much better than the other candidates , and I am offering real solutions that can be appreciated across the political spectrum .	31	Nonfinite
He won a case against the Greek railways several years ago and he is owed several thousand pounds by them .	1	Finite
See How to Be a Snitch in Quidditch for more information .	3	Nonfinite
And this was simply his opening gambit ; he would start talking about that he had been out late the night before drinking .	10	Nonfinite
Let aggressive ( American ) leaders and soldiers know that we are capable of protecting the city 's security and safety , and ask them to lift their hands from the city . "	8	Nonfinite
The Romantics , in particular , acclaimed Shakespeare 's genius , and the Victorians worshipped Shakespeare with a reverence that George Bernard Shaw called " bardolatry " .	23	Finite
There are some things to consider though ...	5	Nonfinite
This is unlikely as they said that even the first training item was said well .	12	Finite
Are either of you familiar with this project ?	0	Finite
I was very upset when I went to Mother Plucker , they had NO FEATHERS and the quality is TERRIBLE .	1	Finite
To figure out when the last frost will be , consult an almanac or talk with other gardeners in your area .	8	Nonfinite
It is pointless to try to understand the subtle differences between the Sunni terror of Al Qaeda and Hamas and the Shiite terror of Hezbollah , Sadr and other Iranian - inspired enterprises .	6	Nonfinite
All those sunny reports about the progress in Vietnam were correct , the Communists WERE being defeated .	14	Finite
Flipped the square over and saw it riddled with green mold !!!!	0	Finite
The Earth was struck by an asteroid , a huge amount of debris was jettisoned into the atmosphere .	2	Finite
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 p.m. .	3	Nonfinite
A revised version of the Evaluation form for Associates and Analysts is attached below .	11	Finite
In a statement , Governor of Washington Chris Gregoire said , " The Museum of Flight put a tremendous amount of effort into landing a retired shuttle in the Pacific Northwest .	16	Finite
I recently got a tattoo done at Aztec and I could not be happier .	2	Finite
I had no explanation for the particular combination of sounds .	1	Finite
I do n’t like the doctor , but I do n’t know why .	1	Finite
At this time there were only around forty families living there with plenty of good farming land and grazing for cattle .	4	Finite
The bus trip down from Sao Paulo is a similar affair taking around 18 hours .	7	Finite
I do n't want to waste my time with them .	3	Nonfinite
As you know , like Mr Rack , I come from a transit country , where this issue plays a particularly important role .	2	Finite
It rained and people felt chilly on the veranda and drifted indoors .	1	Finite
They offer sales that are n't really sales , mislabeled items that make the item sound like a good deal when it is n't , a bad attitude about return items , and on and on .	1	Finite
Mr President , I should like to start by offering my sincere thanks to Mr Martin .	4	Finite
If the House agrees , I shall do as Mr Evans has suggested .	7	Nonfinite
We are much safer today on board ship due to SOLAS , and I suppose if any good came out of the Titanic tragedy , the adoption of SOLAS is probably it .	29	Finite
Quinn had never been able to grasp the connection between the constellations and their names .	6	Nonfinite
You know when the meeting with schedulers will be ?	7	Finite
This is important , but so is enforcement and there are , of course , a number of reasons why we need to pay particular attention to this .	10	Finite
I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what 's the point ?	12	Finite
Yer a mess ! said Hagrid gruffly , brushing soot off Harry so forcefully he nearly knocked him into a barrel of dragon dung outside an apothecary 's .	4	Finite
could you take a look at this and give me an update .	0	Finite
I used to tan down the street before I was referred to this place by one of my friends .	9	Finite
I have 5 sisters and so including my mom ... he is the only guy in a house of six females .	1	Finite
I 'll pour Dorothy 's martini as well , maybe that 'll bring her .	12	Nonfinite
Hi , I want to get a few pet rats and need a rat cage .	5	Nonfinite
Improving the energy efficiency of products contributes to the security of the energy supply , which is a precondition of sound economic activity and therefore of sustainable development .	6	Finite
You can filter fields in the row , column , and detail areas .	1	Finite
They want a program that will be a success , " Johnson - Freese said .	1	Finite
I faxed comments to you on dash .	1	Finite
After you export	2	Finite
A part of him had died , he told his friends , and he did not want it coming back to haunt him .	21	Nonfinite
Email or text your friends the language so that they wo n't be so confused .	0	Nonfinite
This is important , but so is enforcement and there are , of course , a number of reasons why we need to pay particular attention to this .	1	Finite
Bearded dragons are sight hunters , they need to see the food move to trigger a feeding response , especially when they are babies .	12	Nonfinite
If you want to take it a step further , look around questioningly at everyone in the elevator when no one gets off at the floors you pushed . [ 1 ]	2	Finite
There was no one to bother about shooting rights .	5	Nonfinite
Many families are set to plan a best holidaying .	5	Nonfinite
After friday , I will no longer have access to the estate , so if you could shoot this off over night so I could have something in the morning to work with I would appreciate it .	24	Finite
Beaters can try hitting the bludgers around in the air with a shortened hockey sticks or a short bat .	2	Nonfinite
Whatever you like !	2	Finite
Kathy and Stewart , the proprietors were the epitome of perfection .	6	Finite
I would have had to because with the economy the way it is i ai nt haves much monies fo repairs round the House ....	14	Finite
Struggling against the currents of human nature and society , they may lose more often than they win - but only rarely do they give up .	12	Nonfinite
The rider needs to have independent hands as well , because you do NOT want to pull too hard on a bit like that . ;)	2	Finite
brought dog home and it s all choppy now !	0	Finite
What 's that you 've got there ?	5	Finite
The president was a lieutenant and Archibald had been a lieutenant , too ; he figured they had something to talk about .	7	Finite
We should resurrect Mike Smith 's note and get him on the call in the attempt to avoid recreating the wheel on this one .	1	Finite
is it worthy to send in for warranty repair ?	0	Finite
He 's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he 's been in town for awhile .	1	Finite
This means that messages initiated at Corp and intended for the entire Enron organization will not reach any business units outside the Corp domain .	14	Finite
( The source of the previous sentence is unknown .	7	Finite
Later do it again .	1	Finite
Besides parking is a pain .. cramped and un-ruly with Kumon Parents next door .... gives me heebee gee bees'	15	Finite
The other is a new fuel tank " guaranteed " by NASA not to shed potentially fatal hunks of insulation .	2	Finite
How did the CPA get to the point where it has turned even Iraqi Shiites , who were initially grateful for the removal of Saddam Hussein , against the United States ?	17	Finite
We thought you might like to know who your colleagues find interesting , so we 've provided a sampling of the suggestions below .	15	Finite
" Our plans include raising private capital to develop , build , flight test , and operate this Earth - Moon highway for the benefit of the country and the benefit of our investors . "	10	Nonfinite
To me the doctor says in her normal voice , “ It ’s just a little lidocaine . ”	4	Finite
– ' you must , ' he said in agitation , ' go and see the general manager at once .	7	Finite
But she took a tidbit of crisp fat from her husband 's fork .	2	Finite
It 's a yoyo , he answered , opening his hand to show him .	1	Finite
Mr Borgin fixed a pince-nez to his nose and looked down the list .	9	Finite
I then called the 800 number ( which was answered ) and inquired about last minute rates .	8	Finite
I think that vote is occurring right now .	1	Finite
This summer it was Stravinsky and Poulenc ;	3	Finite
Pioneers take a pledge to remain tee - total and at the hight of the organization popularity , had an estimated two million members even filling Croke Park on the 25th anniversary .	1	Finite
that deal is making like it wants to close and the traders scheduled a 430 call to wrap it up	17	Nonfinite
They needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files on Wilson .	9	Finite
I mean , I was n't smart enough to apply for a scholarship .	1	Finite
no i am not lying .	2	Finite
If your coach has no fights and you never see him train and sweat something is wrong !	9	Nonfinite
Our client is a small law firm that is looking for an individual to join their team handling toxic tort with some minor PI defense .	8	Finite
We wanted to see the sun - and we also got much more !	3	Nonfinite
Perhaps it is especially important , however , to define in precise terms the responsibility that city will have to assume .	18	Finite
In a highly significant move Afghan Pashtun tribes along the Pakistan border warned the Taliban in Quetta and Chaman that if they try and disrupt the elections , they would be resisted .	12	Finite
' What a frightful row , ' he said .	8	Finite
Please let me know what time we could meet .	7	Finite
If your cat is not trained to use the litter pan , you may have a problem taking her .	13	Finite
My waiter was so excellent I gave him a 75 % tip , and it was worht every penny ..	2	Finite
" No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked .	14	Finite
he tried to keep his eyes open but the whirl of green flames made him feel sick	3	Nonfinite
Critics of Scientology at the Internet newsgroup alt.religion.scientology were critical of the attacks to the Church of Scientology website , with one poster writing " How can people look at both sides if one side is gone ? "	26	Finite
One of the students indicated that he is interested in a summer internship .	7	Finite
After this weekend , we will no longer have access to the estate files , these people will be able to help you with any of your questions .	18	Nonfinite
Take care	0	Finite
But I found the location wonderful and the neighbors very kind .	2	Finite
" Just as his father had worked his way up from poverty into respectable society , Balzac considered toil and effort his real mark of nobility .	17	Finite
Athens ( Greek : Αθήνα , Athína ) , is the capital city of Greece with a metropolitan population of 3.7 million inhabitants .	9	Finite
I have a preorder and am even considering getting a second preorder to have multiple accounts .	5	Finite
This article will show you how to save time and prevent wear , extending the life of your overalls until they are so soft you could wear them to bed .	26	Nonfinite
Instead of writing " Silver Service - Fragile " you should write something that makes it sound less theft inviting while showing the fragile nature of the contents .	11	Nonfinite
600 - 700 - Number of guardsmen who were in Bush 's unit during that period .	8	Finite
Lenny is a persistent bachelor who has poor luck with women .	6	Finite
If you are located in London , Calgary , Toronto , Omaha , New York , Portland ( ENA ) or Houston , you can access the live event at http://home.enron.com/employeemeeting .	24	Finite
Some schools may have students wear the same thing and others may just require any type of leotard and tights and sometimes ballet skirts .	3	Nonfinite
Imagine that when we got on this boat , we were all given two Styrofoam peanuts .	10	Finite
Honoré 's sisters Laure and Laurence were born in 1800 and 1802 , and his brother Henry - François in 1807 .	6	Finite
My page jumped out of bed as if crazed , looking more dead than alive , and you can imagine how I felt when he cried , “ They 're already being presented to the king ! "	25	Finite
and did great job .	1	Finite
For our readers who are unaware of your site , could you briefly explain what wikiHow is ?	13	Nonfinite
But I have n't written poems for a long time now .	2	Finite
If that 's ok , how do you want your name to show up on the title and what address should I use ?	6	Finite
This is also the only region in Alaska in which the average daytime high temperature is above freezing during the winter months .	15	Finite
i am going to happy hour after work to eat and drink .	11	Nonfinite
If they get upset , gauge their anger .	2	Finite
We were a party of 4 and none of us were particularly pleased with our dishes .	10	Finite
You review and approve it , keep it on your desk , and I will come over and make the change at your desk on Monday .	3	Finite
If you take him here for shots , no big deal but I would never let this man apply anesthetic to my pet ever again .	15	Nonfinite
The Sunburn can reach Mach 3 at high altitude .	3	Nonfinite
A black man in khaki shorts ( used to be a white man in white stockings ) sprayed a cloyingly perfumed insecticide over the passengers ' heads as a precaution against the plane harbouring mosquitoes and tsetse flies .	9	Nonfinite
" Unfortunately once again the few ruin it for the many , " wrote Jesse LaBrocca , founder of Hack Forums , in a message explaining why the section was being closed .	29	Finite
Would that not be better than total harmonization , which is fundamentally a commercial rule aimed at promoting commercial interests , not food quality ?	3	Nonfinite
wow , the representative went way above and beyond in helping me with my account set up .	4	Finite
Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy , even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery ( as he had twice stated i must agree to ) .	16	Nonfinite
Ukraine will stand up to the bully – on our own , if necessary .	1	Finite
His last major tragedies , Antony and Cleopatra and Coriolanus , contain some of Shakespeare 's finest poetry and were considered his most successful tragedies by the poet and critic T. S. Eliot .	11	Finite
Ahmed Mohamed , a 14-year-old boy from Irving , Texas , was arrested at his school by police after he brought a digital clock he had made to school .	25	Finite
The United States has shown that it holds negotiations in contempt .	7	Finite
Such credit may be implemented in any reasonable manner ;	2	Finite
the camera only begins to work again when i take out the battery and put it back in .	3	Finite
I took my 2001 Nissan Frontier in to fix a cracked manifold .	8	Nonfinite
The way the tax law works , the tax basis for your share distribution will be based on the closing stock price the day preceding notification to the transfer agent .	5	Finite
If you would prefer to settle the taxes with a personal check , we can distribute gross shares .	5	Nonfinite
You did a great job at the hearing ---- it went decidely downhill after you left .	1	Finite
Here are the dates :	1	Finite
Quinn suspected that Stillman 's red notebook contained answers to the questions that had been accumulating in his mind , and he began to plot various stratagems for stealing it from the old man .	13	Finite
The consequences do not inspire hope .	4	Finite
After you paste the line , you do not need to recreate the group – the new line is automatically part of the group .	9	Nonfinite
It 's very soft stone that you can easily carve .	7	Finite
In Wei 's art , a logician could see mathematical logic , a cellist could see a ripple of nine bass notes , a country girl could see straw , and Harry Potter could see two accompanied green blazes .	26	Finite
It aims at the heart of the matter , as Agenda 2000 negotiations have reached a critical stage .	13	Finite
You can also provide the schema to other businesses and applications so that they know how they should structure any data they provide to you and they , in turn , can provide their schema to you .	22	Finite
You can then select all the popular promotions from the Other group and create a new custom group that will be captioned Popular .	19	Finite
I thought the UK was completely devoid of good NYC style pizza .	1	Finite
Look around you and notice all the mind numbing trailor trash cretins out there who should not be procreating , yet they do .	22	Finite
In my letter to Le Monde I had said that in the French tradition there were two attitudes toward the Jews : a revolutionary attitude which had resulted in their enfranchisement , and an anti-Semitic one .	26	Finite
Harry noticed that it was wearing what looked like an old pillowcase , with rips for arm and leg holes .	4	Finite
I called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told " This is a Days Inn , not the Hilton " and the receptionist then hung up on me .	7	Finite
One does n't know in which way both dramatists would have worked together .	3	Nonfinite
I would be a lot more concerned if the shoe fell off because it was missing one lousy nail .	10	Finite
Stored in an underground vault at Gringotts in London was a small fortune that his parents had left him .	17	Finite
This is a great place to get a permit	6	Nonfinite
Fortunately , overcoming your procrastination is easy to do when you put your mind to it .	8	Nonfinite
Call a vet would be a good idea with a sick dog	3	Finite
Those worthy fellows who 've gone down South to Rhodesia and South Africa where they can feel confident they 'll never have a black man on the Bench to give a verdict as biased as a white man 's .	19	Finite
In fact , he can not even vouch for the accuracy of the translation itself .	7	Nonfinite
Not long ago , they were touted as the salvation of the world economy – the dynamic engines of growth that would take over as the economies of the United States and Europe sputtered .	22	Nonfinite
Conference Plus will be hosting this call :	3	Nonfinite
come to Africa .	0	Finite
What do you think ? he said , scornfully .	3	Nonfinite
The scheme makes money through sponsorship and advertising .	2	Finite
In the street – I do n't know why – a queer feeling came to me that I was an impostor .	13	Finite
The terms of office of the members thus appointed shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office at the time of accession .	10	Nonfinite
2005 is bound to bring at least one major success in the love department , and your career will be brimming with new enthusiasm and innovation .	4	Nonfinite
If you are looking for towing services that can offer you a good towed car service , then Auto Towing is the company for you .	9	Nonfinite
3 . Is there any cheap way to give it a shine like I made it in a kiln ?	2	Finite
A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated : will NBC have its best sports broadcasters following the event after having worked the Winter Olympics ?	15	Nonfinite
It wo n't make much difference .	3	Nonfinite
Whatever you strive to do , something always seems to be holding you back .	10	Nonfinite
It 's very soft stone that you can easily carve .	1	Finite
China 's economy is exploding , hampered only by their great thirst for petroleum and natural gas to fuel their industry .	3	Finite
Break with a Banshee by Gilderoy Lockhart	0	Nonfinite
His nickname is " Jafar the Pilot . "	2	Finite
However , Johnson would not let the military cross the borders and clean out the Communist bases .	12	Nonfinite
In this view , you can build an interactive report using the fields underlying the datasheet or form .	5	Finite
" The American Minister at Damascus decided to encourage a military coup-d'etat , so that Syria might enjoy democracy , " Kedourie writes .	16	Finite
Wikinews interviews Mario J. Lucero and Isabel Ruiz of Heaven Sent Gaming	1	Finite
There were two classes of each grade , starting at the sixth and going down to the first .	1	Finite
THEIR GRILL DISHES ARE OUT TA THIS WORLD AND SUSHI IS JUST FABULOUS !!!!	10	Finite
Mr President , Commissioner , I should first like to congratulate Mr Koch on his reports which , though technical , are nonetheless of very great significance for safety .	8	Nonfinite
" Well , if you ever just want to see me I 'll come out and look him over and then we can grab a coffee after . "	13	Nonfinite
As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now .	24	Finite
I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once , you ca n't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .	1	Finite
And I thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations , particularly in the context of something as serious as a US senatorial campaign , by talking about their drinking the night before .	2	Finite
P.S. - I am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause .	13	Nonfinite
A few more years may pass before everybody acknowledges that it is a World War , but we are already well into it .	4	Finite
If you would prefer to settle the taxes with a personal check , we can distribute gross shares .	14	Finite
Place into the oven .	0	Nonfinite
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed , the price was Non-Bondad .	2	Finite
Until now , he realized , he had never seriously questioned the circumstances of his hiring .	7	Finite
which is the best burger chain in the chicago metro area like for example burger king portillo s white castle which one do like the best ?	23	Nonfinite
85 - Percentage of Americans who ca n't Name the Chief Justice of the United States .	6	Finite
Greek court has ruled that worshippers of the ancient Greek religion may now formally associate and worship at archeological sites .	11	Finite
That will be a nice time of year though .	2	Nonfinite
Do n't get the rooms off the two kitchens .	2	Nonfinite
The two hands when upraised and folded together represent : " Now I am trying to establish a link with Parama Purus'a ( Supreme Consciousness ) . "	8	Finite
I would appreciate reviews from anyone who has worked with me before in the mental health setting .	2	Nonfinite
No , I will back the nominee of the Republican party in 2016 .	4	Nonfinite
When I open a can of meat with gravy he licks off the gravy and lets the meat lay .	10	Finite
You would n't hire me .	1	Finite
What 's that you 've got there ?	1	Finite
when they play fight , they do n't hiss .	6	Finite
I took the receipt and the metal that did not fit and asked Pomper for my money back .	1	Finite
i waited another 30 mins before receiving my food and it was cold .	11	Finite
Hope you 've been storing up sleep , cause it looks like you wo n't be getting much for a while .	15	Nonfinite
I was thirteen .	1	Finite
From one-liners to classic three-liners to the one-minute gag you tell your friends , a good joke pleases everyone .	10	Finite
It had become a place of darkness .	1	Finite
Alternatively , you can take the M1 all the way to the A64 , but the upper reaches of the M1 around Sheffield and Leeds can get very congested , especially in the rush hours .	25	Finite
Andrzej Wajda 's movie , Promised Land based on a novel by the Nobel laureate Władysław Reymont , depicts those times and is a worthwhile introduction to the city 's bustling history .	22	Finite
He estimated that there should be around 45 particles , but this number is very uncertain — I would n't be surprised if it is quite different from that .	18	Finite
They can smell it so i 'm sure he knows what it is and just do n't want it .	12	Finite
" In the first place he was too busy " , explains Saintsbury , " in the second he would not have been at home there ....	19	Finite
But if finance continues to take a disproportionate number of the best and the brightest , there could be little British manufacturing left by 2050 , and even fewer hi-tech firms than today .	3	Finite
Why do n't we meet in Diagon Alley ?	1	Finite
The food was excellent and the service was terrific .	2	Finite
That 's all it said .	1	Finite
" He 's so fervent , " says my wife .	2	Finite
Tiberius reportedly regretted his departure and requested to return to Rome several times , but each time Augustus refused his requests .	2	Finite
Japan 's special envoy , Yasushi Akashi , who called for tangible progress in the peace process before the money would be released , came back from visits to Colombo and Kilinochchi in early November a frustrated man .	20	Finite
I was looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an opportunity to buy back the calls you sold .	12	Finite
Stephanie 's knowledge of the market and properties in our price range , made us feel secure in our decision to buy when we did .	13	Finite
Joseph Darnand , who became an SS officer and led the Milice paramilitaries who hunted down members of the Resistance , was executed in October 1945 .	9	Finite
And it has , because it is spring and inside the ground something is stirring .	13	Finite
She has gone into the issue in some depth and in the committee debate she took account of many of the amendments that have been tabled regarding this report .	1	Finite
So , the prospect of fungi existing on other planets elsewhere , I think , is a forgone conclusion ;	13	Finite
One thing that does n't show up in the attachment is the swap eligibility issue .	10	Finite
The staff do occasionally get game info correct , but if you r looking fot a good game and are n't a nerd , do nt ask them .	12	Finite
NASA tweeted support of Ahmed Mohamed via its account International Space Station	1	Finite
Do n't worry about it .	0	Finite
Balzac 's vision of a society in which class , money and personal ambition are the major players has been endorsed by critics of both left-wing and right-wing political tendencies .	14	Finite
Are you in the office to initial signature pages today ?	0	Finite
We 've got a Steven , the one word that did n't crash my spell - check , despite it being followed by a Vikash Chand Abdul Shakur .	10	Finite
Ben Goodger is the lead engineer for Mozilla Firefox .	2	Finite
They had once been white , he remembered , but now they had turned a curious shade of yellow .	1	Finite
It ’s actually more businesslike than you ’d imagine .	1	Finite
But , while Marx 's belief that capital and labor were substitutes , not complements , was a mistake in his own age , and for more than a century to follow , it may not be a mistake today .	16	Finite
For the time , the report grew too large when it was being debated .	6	Finite
Dr. Fortier threw a large rock at the bear , distracting it and allowing Parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25 - year - old Patricia Doyon , who was in the same tent .	20	Finite
If this is the best that Tucson has to offer , I am out ta here ...	2	Finite
She recommended products but absolutely did n't pressure me to buy .	7	Nonfinite
Wednesday does n't work for me .	1	Finite
It ’s very much like you are trying to make the room laugh , but the room has been a sort of captive audience for many many years now , so it takes a lot to make the room laugh .	39	Nonfinite
Mabruk , at the time , was the head of Jihad 's military operations .	6	Finite
There should be a Pixel Mapping function in the menu that will get rid of them , most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels , some only show up on long exposures .	11	Finite
How can we license individual operators if we do not make that separation ?	10	Nonfinite
Restaurant on top was renovated , food was decent , price was way to high for Duluth for quality , new decor seems tacky	3	Finite
Later , historical studies show that what actually happened was devoid of anything like such intelligence .	8	Finite
Russia can have no say in it – and nor should other countries , however helpful they wish to be .	19	Nonfinite
I called the school most probably 10 times before I finally enrolled in a 20 hour package .	1	Finite
I 'm not sure you have the authority to sign documents w/o special authority ...	5	Finite
Very briefly , I would like to thank the various Members for their interventions and to tell you that safety is one of the Commission 's priorities in the field of transport .	5	Nonfinite
But there is nothing in the brilliant air and the massive white clouds hanging over the crumpled mountains that suggests exhaustion .	2	Finite
Know your limits , and do not drink to the extent of intoxication .	5	Nonfinite
49 - Percentage of Americans in April 2004 who found that their taxes had actually gone up since Bush took office .	19	Finite
I think they 'll send us another update once he 's out of emergency and into a room .?	3	Finite
We typically only book deals when everything is signed off .	3	Finite
Most iodine in food comes from seafood , milk and iodised salt .	4	Finite
The Andaman Sea is a major conduit for this traffic , and the 572 large and small islands that constitute the Andaman and Nicobar group are a natural transit base .	3	Finite
You had mentioned that you might want to include a shaped product .	6	Nonfinite
Will be a repeat customer with discount coupons .	1	Nonfinite
One thing more remained to do – say good-by to my excellent aunt .	3	Finite
The Hong Kong government , which is led by pro-Beijing lawmakers , have argued that the pair should not take office .	12	Finite
Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end , Gemini , and now you 're going to start reaping the rewards these " lessons " have left in their wake .	21	Finite
We have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose .	1	Finite
Just Autos Thank you !	2	Finite
Auster was somewhat reticent about it , but at last he conceded that he was working on a book of essays . The current piece was about Don Quixote .	14	Finite
This is the best Mediterranean Restaurant in the West Valley , I have friend who drive from central Phx to come here .	1	Finite
They 'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want , plus all the information you need to apply .	1	Finite
Stepping nimbly out of Harry 's reach , he pulled a thick wad of envelopes from the inside of the pillowcase he was wearing .	22	Finite
Please let me know .	1	Finite
It was quite easy to find something .	1	Finite
At Madison Avenue he turned right and went south for a block , then turned left and saw where he was .	7	Finite
The American laws forbidding interracial marriage , now struck down , were clearly discriminatory .	11	Finite
Being hungry , you know , and kept on my feet too , I was getting savage .	14	Finite
" Can you name the general who is in charge of Pakistan ? "	3	Nonfinite
Throughout the United States , she said , " spring is about two weeks earlier .	10	Finite
My boyfriend and I were woken up in the middle of the night at our campsite by drunken kids who 'd arrived around 1:00 am and were drinking at the springs .	4	Finite
Since each account belongs to one person , we require everyone to use their real name on their account .	3	Finite
Also , as I mentioned to you , we have faxed your mark - up to Melanie Gray at Weil Gotschal in Houston to keep her informed .	4	Finite
The new TW Hotline was implemented Monday which included customer notification in the form of a Popup message in TMS and a Critical Notice which sent an Email .	8	Finite
The straps wear out fastest around the adjusters over the course of numerous wash and dry cycles ( not to mention being out in the elements if they are work clothes ) .	20	Nonfinite
Yau Wai-ching defeated another localist camp candidate , veteran politician Raymond Wong of the Proletariat Political Institute , by 424 votes .	2	Finite
And if anyone else has voted , what did you guys vote for ?	8	Finite
The white pages allowed me to get in touch with parents of my high school friends so that I could track people down one by one and the restaurant section is basically my cookbook .	20	Nonfinite
But now we have an entire new set .	3	Finite
" The US does not dictate what happens at the IMF , but it does have a disproportionate influence .	7	Finite
We will have to study several indicators , which will enable us to see the current state of regional societies that are in a worse situation than others , and how they are evolving .	10	Nonfinite
By definition most tourists will go to the best places so you might have to put up with a few tourists along the way .	15	Nonfinite
There it is before you – smiling , frowning , inviting , grand , mean , insipid , or savage , and always mute with an air of whispering , ' Come and find out .	31	Finite
I am currently employed with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild .	1	Finite
I personally provided the request on four separate occasions and they claim there is a glitch in their systems ?	13	Finite
Ozone is something that we understand the causes of , and the steps that need to be taken to improve air quality . "	16	Nonfinite
Is it true ?	0	Finite
We support Professor Cabrol 's attempt to get things moving and put the uncertainties behind us .	7	Nonfinite
This is sensible legislative tactics but not appealing as an economic strategy .	1	Finite
I 'm mostly joking when I talk about suicide and really I 'm not that stupid I just get in stupid situations D:	18	Finite
Winston Peters is visiting a school .	2	Finite
soon he will make the whole house his , but he needs that one safe place to start from .	3	Nonfinite
Anyway , I was practically raised on this stuff , and being a connoisseur of West Indian cuisine , Jamaica Way is a bit toned down to suit the American palette .	3	Finite
But that means nothing , since they were n't the sort of things guys like Bush told the " girls " .	7	Finite
We would n't want those terrorists to run out of shit to shoot at us .	12	Nonfinite
The questions are --	2	Finite
The Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles ( not a drop of magical blood in their veins ) and as far as they were concerned , having a wizard in the family was a matter of deepest shame .	2	Finite
The information in this email may be confidential and / or privileged .	5	Finite
Soon , however , Shakespeare began to adapt the traditional styles to his own purposes .	7	Nonfinite
I have wifi at my house , but that s just at my house ... is there any way i can buy some card to make the ipod itself have wifi ?	1	Finite
As I mentioned , please let me know when it is ready , and I will send someone to pick it up .	5	Finite
Has another store in the st. charles mall .	0	Finite
" He announced his intention to be a writer .	2	Finite
Vivien Bayley 's urgent face took up conversation in passing , ... that 's Hjalmar Wentz 's daughter ... you were sitting with .	13	Finite
Books were stacked three deep on the mantelpiece , books with titles like Charm Your Own Cheese , Enchantment in Baking , and One Minute Feasts – It 's Magic !	1	Finite
Babies slept in dark rooms .	1	Finite
" Had it happened an hour later it would have been much worse , " Khaled Al-Maeena , editor at large at the Saudi Gazette , said .	9	Nonfinite
Projects have to be carried out more efficiently , more flexibly and they have to be made more productive .	3	Nonfinite
We 're moving more towards the Internet at this point , because the Internet is a much easier , safer way for a person to look at sensitive material and not get caught with it .	1	Finite
I used one of these cages short term for a pet and it was n't that great to be honest , pretty cheaply made , the door springs are annoying and it does n't last very well .	32	Finite
Iran is suspected by many nations of working towards the development of nuclear weapons , but even this justification has been tossed into a cocked hat .	1	Finite
For example : austere , acrimony , ebullient , embolden ; in this case , the vowel A might carry with it a negative meaning , whereas E would be positive .	9	Nonfinite
As soon as the official party photos were released , social media lit up with comments — and they were less than favourable .	19	Finite
What follows is the text of an e-mail sent to me by a friend of mine ( thanks to Dave Manzano ) .	1	Finite
Microsoft waits for death of Internet Explorer 6	1	Finite
Thank you for your help .	0	Finite
Then she gave him work to do , with the promise he would n't eat again until he 'd finished .	14	Nonfinite
I am currently employed with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild .	15	Finite
Allow the creators and others in the United Kingdom to have a fair debate about whether we should have a blank tape levy .	17	Finite
Right now , we are in the process of evaluating both our new hire needs and our summer needs and will be making those decisions after the first of the year .	20	Finite
I guess the questions on which I should like your steer are : ( a ) Do you have a particular sensitivity about the reference to bad faith proceedings made by United India ?	11	Finite
Tonight , I called several times with no answer ( Btwn 5:30 and 6 pm ) and finally drove there to place my order in person .	18	Finite
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I am determined to prove to the Admissions committment that I can do the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business .	6	Finite
You are unlikely to have the time or ability to aim for a soft landing-spot , body of water , or other impact site that might improve your chances of survival .	10	Nonfinite
Our Group emphasises the importance of the principle of subsidiarity , the responsibility of Member States and the role of local players in drafting and implementing programmes .	2	Finite
That place did n't stay open too long :D	2	Finite
For example , the report found that women face obstacles mobilizing the labor they need to help their farms flourish .	5	Finite
Visit people only once a year .	0	Finite
During the family 's years in Kentucky and Indiana , Thomas Lincoln worked as a farmer , cabinetmaker , and carpenter .	12	Finite
Do n't waste time , just drive 10 minutes more down to Stevens Creek , they actually do try to help their customers there !	0	Finite
They Suck	1	Finite
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I am determined to prove to the Admissions committment that I can do the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business .	24	Finite
I spent 3 months going from shop to shop trying to get my Ferrari to run and drive the way it should .	15	Nonfinite
The treaty opened new ports to trade and allowed foreigners to travel in the interior .	2	Finite
Your best bet is to look on UCAS and do a course search .	5	Nonfinite
There is an old saying that applies in this situation : " Act in haste , repent at leisure . "	12	Nonfinite
How insidious he could be , too , I was only to find out several months later and a thousand miles farther .	12	Nonfinite
That alone makes them unique .	2	Finite
Over the past decade , Bangladesh has steadily moved into a state of lawlessness .	6	Finite
The Pentagon is bypassing official US intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in Iran in preparation for any possible attack , former and current intelligence officials say ...	21	Nonfinite
In the vast majority of cases , this will not occur ;	8	Finite
can you please give me an update on where you are in the negotiations of the ISDA with the following counterparties and confirm which Enron entity you are negotiating on behalf of .	27	Finite
Cj and company did all that we ask and 10 times more .	3	Finite
It allows you to precisely select the data that will be displayed , to specify the order or arrangement of the data , and to modify or add information .	14	Nonfinite
At the Pettigrews ' house that night , Dando 's voice came from the group round someone basting a sheep on the home-made spit : ... damn all except go fishing with his secretary acting ghillie ...	29	Nonfinite
Sure , some will return , but I have a feeling that once many begin to get jobs and temporary housing , they may be shy about returning .	24	Nonfinite
Rooms start from 500 per double .	1	Finite
The big hit of the evening , Wikinews observed from the long line , was the Polaroid-room where attendees could wear a Warhol-like wig or don crazy glasses and have their own Polaroid taken .	8	Finite
In the Beatles ' song " Get Back " they advise black Joe to " get back to where you once belonged " , as if England was not a place for black people .	21	Finite
We 're at war with Islamic fascists .	1	Finite
Has that gone anywhere or are the other possibilities you had better ?	0	Finite
so any price you find , DOUBLE IT figure , $ 40 K at least .	6	Finite
go to LA after say 11:00 search the street corners btw keep ur wallet locked up and have $ 200 on hand have a gun just in case btw	6	Finite
With each breath , feel the muscles in your body becoming lighter and lighter , and also your external motor and sensory organs are feeling like they are withdrawing from the world into a special inner quietness .	4	Nonfinite
Mérida has a rich cultural life which also reflects its diversity .	1	Finite
Having DNA-suitable material will let us see whether there are new genes , or genes turned on in different ways and at different times that help explain how these animals burrow into hard ice and then survive in the cold .	30	Finite
To get her to talk , although I was tired of lingua and I did n't really want to think about anything .	1	Nonfinite
i am deadly serious , i really do get sexual releif from even hearing of torture of animals , now some people may call me a brute or a coward but i ca nt help my true feelings .	8	Nonfinite
Do you concur ?	0	Finite
We inherit our mode of appreciation from the Victorians , from a time of safety and leisure , when dinner guests knew better than to smoke after the main course , when Levantines were Levantines and culture was still culture .	37	Finite
“ It ’s okay , Gram , ” Renata says .	2	Finite
Bangs said although the number of elk has not declined very much since the wolves came back , their behavior appears markedly different .	7	Finite
And then in 2010 we just ... I do n't know what happened .	10	Nonfinite
He had wanted to take in the details of what he was seeing , but the task was somehow beyond him at that moment .	4	Nonfinite
Shona has commissioned Mike Moscoso to work on this , and I believe that Mike has already been working with James New .	6	Nonfinite
I think that you understand that your largest and smallest golden wonders are males .	4	Finite
I have been growing my hair out for 1 year plus and went in to get 1 inch taken off .	12	Finite
Only a handful of them ( earldoms ) had existed under Henry I and these had been largely symbolic .	15	Finite
I just wan na make sure :) Thank !	2	Finite
Overall , 2005 is sure to be a year you wo n't forget .	12	Nonfinite
To do this , drop areas must be shown in the chart .	1	Nonfinite
I did look at EOL and am not surprised to see its quality .	10	Nonfinite
" Pop art was about what popular American culture really thought was important " , Kathryn Waters said .	17	Finite
Sufaat , according to both KSM and Hambali , did not have the virulent US Army Ames strain that would be used .	11	Nonfinite
How would I need to set a sump for this 10 gallon ?	3	Nonfinite
I specially did n't say anything about the colour because I did n't want to muddle you up .	11	Finite
Yes obviously the USB is region free which means you can use it anywhere .	8	Finite
I feel like shit for saying that but after what they have done already i wo nt be buying grocerys for the next few weeks .	15	Finite
What disturbs is whether Americans understand the world at all , whether they are a match for the Russians the Sadats are in themselves comparatively unimportant .	1	Finite
He felt as though Auster were taunting him with the things he had lost , and he responded with envy and rage , a lacerating self-pity .	12	Finite
According to the city 's police department , a fight broke out after " a large group of people ... who identified themselves as district authorities " arrived on set on Tuesday .	27	Finite
As he wandered through the station , he reminded himself of who he was supposed to be .	13	Finite
Do you not think some of them , not all , are getting too big for their boots .	0	Finite
You can see different treatments that a surgeon ca n't see , so that you can have several treatment options before you decide what to do .	2	Nonfinite
Moments like that must make you realize you have touched people who are n't normally touched by poetry .	12	Finite
The city 's ambiance is colonial and the climate is tropical .	9	Finite
These animals are shrouded in mystery .	2	Finite
The bus is obviously the cheaper option , and travelling up from Buenos Aires the trip is a full 20 hours , although the buses are very comfortable with spacious reclining seats .	25	Finite
Each map in the exhibition tells its own story , not all factual .	5	Finite
He was about to tell her who he was , but then he realized that it made no difference .	4	Nonfinite
Based on these statistics / forecasts , the overall level of commitments during the period 2002 - 2005 will reach 80 % of the initial reference amount .	18	Finite
Just then , the front door slammed .	6	Finite
We are only doing public domain works , for a number of reasons , partly to keep simplicity in our copyright situation -- public domain means it s as simple as can be .	25	Finite
My overall impression was that he did n't seem as interested in the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters .	3	Finite
Made an appointment to have them come to the house to discuss curtain options and give an estimate .	11	Nonfinite
This article outlines how to plant and harvest basil .	2	Finite
Some would argue that there should be fair use without fair compensation .	5	Finite
This shall be applauded given the size and strength of Phailin .	1	Finite
If anyone wants the complete article , email me , as it is a very good article which no meat - eater can read and not sense their own hypocrisy .	7	Finite
Dave has much to offer .	1	Finite
They are hoping he 'll only be in the hospital 48 hours .	4	Finite
Let me begin by saying that I do not intend to talk about my own report .	0	Finite
I am not certain about the needs for the London Underwriting / IV group but will request the information from them if you have not done so already .	16	Nonfinite
He handed it to Auster . You see , he said .	10	Finite
Switzerland is one , and the Netherlands are passing the same law .	1	Finite
I look at it as human interaction .	1	Finite
I have tracked all changes for ease of reference .	1	Finite
The atmosphere is a chaotic system , so small changes to one part of the system can grow to have large effects on the system as a whole .	2	Finite
Ordinarily , George would come in around noon ; he would ordinarily leave around 5:30 or 6:00 in the evening .	4	Nonfinite
I had a white companion too , not a bad chap , but rather too fleshy and with the exasperating habit of fainting on the hot hillsides , miles away from the least bit of shade and water .	1	Finite
The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter , the president of the Independent System Operator , acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .	33	Nonfinite
He was quite alone , but where he was , he had no idea .	8	Finite
If you can afford to go before , then by all means , GO .	2	Finite
This failed relationship would become a recurrent theme in Higuchi 's fiction .	4	Nonfinite
actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	10	Finite
But before you fight and win , by force or otherwise , you have to realize that you are in a war , and this may take Europe a few more years .	5	Finite
Please help us by logging onto the Rockin on the River website at .	1	Finite
We do n't want too many tourists , and since we 'll both be out of school we can go anytime between the middle of June to early November .	1	Finite
( The position does not exist ) .	5	Nonfinite
If they ask how much I 'm willing to pay , what is a good price range ?	12	Finite
A bit of a knee - jerk reaction from me there , and I apologize for my over-generalizations .	14	Finite
He was also an influential figure in the pop art movement .	1	Finite
I laugh and say , no , that Warwick is in New York , but I 'm at the Radison - Warwick .	16	Finite
Simply type in the following United Way link , http://unitedway.enron.com or go directly to Internet Explorer or Netscape and type in unitedway.enron.com in the address field .	11	Finite
$ 400 later my jaw dropped when the receptionist told me the total .	5	Finite
Remove the aluminum foil from the baking dish , add cheese or other seasonings , and bake for an additional 5 minutes .	16	Nonfinite
The Jihad " soldiers " join packaged death tours to Iraq and other hotspots , while some of their leaders ski in Switzerland .	20	Finite
As for Christchurch , yes the aftershocks are still happening , but these are fairly small - you can feel them , but the do n't do any damage .	18	Finite
Coming from an anglo - saxon country my version of dating is ' getting the number , asking her out , etc. . '	11	Finite
Crude - oil prices rose Wednesday as strengthening Hurricane Rita , now a Category 5 storm , threatened to disrupt oil production in the Gulf of Mexico .	17	Finite
In Microsoft Access , you can use a connection file to bind one or more data access pages to a data source .	5	Finite
I will also add granting / perfection language .	3	Nonfinite
A person can take it directly instead of others completing behavioral checklists or a completing a lengthy program intensive test like TOVA .	3	Nonfinite
Please let me know what time we could meet .	3	Nonfinite
We hope that in time , we will have millions of articles with many of them having featured status .	7	Finite
Woud it be better if I got another filter and connected the other phone as well ?	0	Finite
Stillman never seemed to be going anywhere in particular , nor did he seem to know where he was .	15	Nonfinite
You will not be able to seek work or take a job , in Canada , with out having to show your Immigration VISA and Canadian Social Insurance Number card to any potential employer .	20	Nonfinite
And the Tigers look as if they are on the brink of launching another offensive , " Muni told IPS .	18	Finite
I have thus proposed that the frost rating be lowered to -40° C .	1	Finite
Brooms can be a hindrance however , so feel free to not use brooms .	1	Finite
Ironically sometimes it is wise to newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs .	17	Nonfinite
So I think the first question is , what is this all about , why should we even be debating NATO , is there any reason why it should exist ?	2	Finite
You 'd be scared .	1	Finite
I had no problem with my delivery .	1	Finite
Suppose at the end of the year they were not put on contract ?	8	Finite
Finally , it is my belief that it is not for us to deal with rate levels .	13	Nonfinite
" Are you going to be a teacher ? " I asked .	5	Nonfinite
i need to hav sm good time spent with my gf .. in kerala .. in which all places in kerala shal i expect ambience and privacy for making love .. pls help . thank you	23	Nonfinite
Land warfare changed from the static front lines of World War I to increased mobility and combined arms .	2	Finite
At the initial meeting it became apparent that most participants were there to learn more about digital humanities and were not ( yet ) in the situation where they were able to offer expertise on the subject .	10	Finite
It was posted on Dec. 11 , but the Human Resource dept said that if it is still on the internet , it is open .	1	Finite
However , what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans and attack the ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful Clear and Defend operations .	6	Nonfinite
You may support or oppose the Iraq war , but to refer to fans of Saddam , Arafat or Bin Laden as peace activists is a bit too much .	4	Nonfinite
He was ordained as a Baptist minister .	1	Finite
When you get the tank make sure you wash the inside ( with plain water ) then you wash the gravel ( with only water too ) take out all the stuff that is floating on top .	18	Finite
I love them !!!	1	Finite
That was 4 years ago .	1	Finite
I encourage you to do this dance , as it has tremendous positive effects .	1	Finite
Andre is going to look over the list of curves needed for the global assets ( August Board meeting ) one more time before I forward it to you .	4	Nonfinite
They also claimed not to see anything wrong with the blower fan ( a seperate issue ) , but when I drove the car home I had the same symptoms .	2	Finite
50 - Percentage of screened workers at Ground Zero who now suffer from long - term health problems , almost half of whom do n't have health insurance .	11	Finite
The Polaroids were all donated by the Andy Warhol Photographic Legacy Program , according to Kristen Wilkins , assistant professor of photography and curator of the exhibit .	2	Finite
Thank you for your time and attention .	0	Finite
Then there is Amendment No-12 .	2	Finite
It seems he could not make bricks without something , I do n't know what – straw maybe .	1	Finite
69 - Percentage of Americans who believed the White House 's claims in September 2003 that Saddam Hussein was personally involved in the 11 September attacks .	6	Finite
As they design their web pages for the newer browsers with advanced web technology and geared to the newest web core markup language HTML 5 , they are forced to accommodate older out-of-date technology to support IE6 users .	2	Finite
You 'll be making radical changes in your work habits , but you 'll be a lot happier for it , and in the end you 'll know it was worth it .	27	Nonfinite
Could you tell me what deal tickets you are seeing ?	2	Nonfinite
Some humans who have , for various reasons , become aware of their impending death , develop psychological coping strategies to deal with this ;	16	Nonfinite
Another problem is that sometimes bad eggs will fungus and the fungus will spread out and kill all the eggs .	8	Nonfinite
He is a young pup and will learn over time and consistency in his training .	6	Finite
We took our vehicle in for a repair to the air conditioning .	1	Finite
What ingredients go in the Santorum cocktail ?	2	Finite
He reshaped each plot to create several centres of interest and to show as many sides of a narrative to the audience as possible .	5	Nonfinite
The facilities are more than adequate and the staff are just phenomenal .	9	Finite
Get plenty of sleep and make sure you take time out to do some things you enjoy .	16	Finite
I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment opportunities that I do n't have access to now .	15	Finite
In this time visitors will come to the house , pay their respects to the desisted and their family and have a couple of cups of tea with a sandwich or a bun .	4	Finite
But big reductions have also been pencilled in for cod , sole , plaice , megrim and pollack in the Celtic and Irish Seas .	3	Finite
She continues to help me when needed even if I have a service question .	3	Nonfinite
They might be imprisoned or executed	1	Finite
maybe you should understand how the world works & realize you are just like any other person & not put yourself on a pedestal .	19	Nonfinite
I have had parakeets for a VERY long time , and I use pledge .	12	Finite
We are in the final stages of this process - where we draft a cover letter for John which will introduce this for inclusion within Globalflash ( the Enron Europe newsletter )	1	Finite
Cook onions until they are translucent , but not burned .	4	Finite
Vava’u is a group of more than 50 islands in Tonga , about 150 miles north of Tongatapu .	1	Finite
In this context , railing against trade makes sense .	7	Finite
When it comes to safety my Group will always support any initiatives to improve transport safety .	13	Nonfinite
We do n't have to believe him .	5	Nonfinite
So now I do not bother with them at all .	3	Finite
Periods of rapid growth in lending are often associated with construction booms , partly because real - estate assets are relatively easy to post as collateral for loans .	6	Finite
US troops there clashed with guerrillas in a fight that left one Iraqi dead .	3	Finite
( Because apparently my mom is very picky , she says the bird might get sick if it does n't eat the right food ) IS there any specific food I might find at any pet shop ?	31	Finite
Whitmore stated Montalvo left Scientology-related employment in Los Angeles on September 24 .	3	Finite
The man was looking at him , even studying him , and if recognition did not flicker across his face , it still held something more than a blank stare .	14	Finite
But there was a certain comfort in that .	2	Finite
I was saddened to see the reviews that claimed World Hats Mart has poor service .	8	Finite
President George W Bush , who has cut his holiday two days short , has called on Americans to donate to the Red Cross or other organisations .	6	Finite
Going there you learn the school does not care about the services given just about the money .	8	Nonfinite
Hoped it was not true .	2	Finite
' To make money , of course . '	2	Nonfinite
The team was n't so far ahead that we knew .	9	Finite
She wore a black dress and very red lipstick .	1	Finite
You get a baseline from asking girls and refining profiles --	1	Finite
I have no inside information , but I have been following links today that strongly indicate that Google is damn serious about securing permanent control of the leading edge browser technology in Firefox .	8	Finite
I shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me .	13	Nonfinite
A senior DOJ official reports that Adnan has experience as a commercial pilot .	7	Finite
In early June 2003 , a CIA report concluded that the reason for Atta 's and Zacarias Moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	8	Finite
It s now my home .	1	Finite
Remember you should know how to write it .	2	Finite
I am currently maintaining a gravity level of 1.024 .	1	Finite
This way they will see that your hand is good and it s not going to grab them or hurt them .	12	Finite
7 am at Hyatt Regency Downtown would be perfect .	6	Finite
Stillman 's train was not due to arrive until six-forty-one , but Quinn wanted time to study the geography of the place , to make sure that Stillman would not be able to slip away from him .	16	Nonfinite
I interviewed several contractors for a kitchen remodel .	1	Finite
Put him in dog obedience school or call a professional dog trainer . :)	0	Finite
Maybe it 's true that life begins at fifty ... but everything else starts to wear out , fall out , or spread out .	15	Nonfinite
" Will you eat some of my kosher food instead , as a favor ? "	1	Finite
Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated .	10	Nonfinite
I just got back from france yesterday and just missed the food already !	9	Finite
Once two sets of leaves have formed , basil can be planted into the garden or permanent containers .	5	Finite
A copy of the Constitution , with links back to the official source , is located at http://loveallpeople.org/usconstitutiona.txt	14	Finite
If you r in the USA and venture into Cuba then u need a passport	2	Finite
Handwritten notes and files on a laptop seized upon the capture of KSM , Al Qaeda 's # 3 , included a feasible anthrax production plan using a spray dryer and addressed the recruitment of necessary expertise .	31	Finite
You can also choose whether you want to use an existing connection file or create a new one .	8	Nonfinite
In the Oct. 31 letters , electricity producers told federal officials that if price caps were n't removed it would lead to a collapse of the energy market .	19	Finite
I 'm a regular poster but for some reason blogger wo n't let me in today ... but sign me TroubleFunk .	12	Nonfinite
One of only two National Historic Scenic Reserves in New Zealand ( the other is the Waitangi Treaty Grounds ) , Hapupu is a special place , and somewhere that you will want to tell others about .	22	Finite
John of Gaunt died in 1399 .	3	Finite
and why is the one a better pet ?	2	Finite
Nevertheless , her initial efforts at writing fiction were in the form of a short story , a form to which she would remain true .	22	Finite
She dived under the table to retrieve the bowl and emerged with her face glowing like the setting sun .	6	Nonfinite
To this end , Europe as a whole , and each Member State individually , will have to make optimum use of all available resources and capacities , including the Structural Funds .	15	Finite
It 's really difficult to find a place that is absolutely dark and accessible to you when you 're outside .	5	Nonfinite
We shall proceed to vote on the PPE - DE Group 's request that the oral question regarding the capital tax be withdrawn from the agenda .	2	Nonfinite
As undergoing a pilgrimage to Mecca is a mandatory religious duty for all Muslims who physically and financially can , millions of pilgrims arrive in Mecca each year for the Hajj .	6	Finite
The Canaanite city was destroyed in a fire , presumably in the wake of a campaign by the Egyptian pharaoh Thutmose III .	3	Finite
There 's of course Jason , who is our editor and he 's the one who writes dD .	16	Finite
Your comments to the transfer agreement were fine .	6	Finite
I trust you and believe that you 'll be able to handle this and all you have to do is to reciprocate !	7	Finite
Civil Defense Authority director General Suleiman al-Amr , in remarks to al-Ikhbariya television , said " All those who were wounded and the dead have been taken to hospital . There are no casualties left at the location . "	24	Finite
It could notionally be expanded to encompass the 5,000 - strong " 55th Brigade " of the Taliban regime , though this is not the technical definition .	1	Finite
I shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me .	1	Finite
The management and staff are superb .	4	Finite
Iran 's position over the Gulf would make resupply by ship and air support from carriers a dangerous affair .	7	Nonfinite
I avoided a vast artificial hole somebody had been digging on the slope , the purpose of which I found it impossible to divine .	7	Finite
such a great idea this was , so easy to load and pack , no ramp , no step up no back aches .	5	Finite
Now it is time to take the next steps and achieve even greater progress in our public education system .	5	Nonfinite
In 1976 , the racecourse was no longer used ; in 1990 , a fire destroyed what remained of the wooden grandstands , which were later demolished along with the stables .	15	Finite
Holly - the owner , knows exactly how to make you feel beautiful in clothes .	11	Finite
He also designed furniture and houses for the wealthy as well as coins and medals , including the insignia of the Society of the Cincinnati .	2	Finite
The house they had bought , filled with possessions that had been stored all the years they were in Africa , the garden they had made , spoke for them .	6	Finite
I ve had cats for 35 years and the oldest cat I 've ever had was a 23 year old female and she was exceptional .	12	Finite
Do n't do it , put it on a list and do it later .	5	Nonfinite
He believes that nobody waiting for us waits for us .	1	Finite
There were plenty of internal speakers requested , as well .	1	Finite
Marriage is , in and of itself , a noble concept , but it too often leads to kids and kids flat out suck .	16	Finite
I have to mention that i recently separated the father into another cage close to the ' nest cage ' because he and the mother were fighting .	1	Finite
Would love for you to join us .	1	Nonfinite
One was off .	1	Finite
This VERIFIES that you are truly providing a service .	1	Finite
She feeds well the baby on her own , the baby is ok but she does not go in the nest to stay with him at night ...	1	Finite
When you filter a field , you can display the data for a single item , or you can select some items to display and other items to hide .	8	Nonfinite
Did she ever go to a real doctor ?	0	Finite
Any suggestions would be really helpful , thanks !	3	Nonfinite
The book undergoes a massive temporal rift ;	2	Finite
It 's even made out to you .	1	Finite
The purpose of harmonised standards should not be to fix limits for environmental aspects .	9	Nonfinite
I do think some Y!A users need to work on their reading comprehension as I ca n't comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse .	17	Nonfinite
I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program .	1	Finite
The Halls had one child , Elizabeth , who married twice but died without children in 1670 , ending Shakespeare 's direct line .	9	Finite
I 'm not sure about the origin of the name but they are a lot of different cities with different and unique names like Miramar so it 's just a name .	27	Finite
To make a order you may have to go to back of line .	1	Nonfinite
The subpoenas will force those involved , including Winter , to provide sworn testimony about the events to the committee , and to turn over e-mails , personal calendars and memos .	3	Nonfinite
Went there yesterday : we are trying to decide between two different Honda models , so we wanted to test - drive both back to back .	8	Nonfinite
MFJ Inc transformed our run down back yard into a place of beauty .	2	Finite
I would appreciate it if , on the close of this item of business , I might be allowed to give an explanation of vote on behalf of my Group .	1	Finite
They 're holding " workshops " on how it will all work soon .	1	Finite
Rathke also asked the governments of South East Asia not to turn away boats of people seeking asylum .	2	Finite
You are correct , I will make the appropriate changes and give you another review before sending execution papers .	1	Finite
Remove the aluminum foil from the baking dish , add cheese or other seasonings , and bake for an additional 5 minutes .	0	Nonfinite
That s a great name .	1	Finite
So I might get the horse and see what I can do .	7	Nonfinite
Not many people know that , she said .	3	Nonfinite
But I 've got to go back – term starts on September the first .	9	Finite
So the last weekend in January would work well ( and I will need a rest from formal affairs ! ) .	7	Nonfinite
" What happened ? Did your dog eat it ? " he said , making a joke .	4	Finite
he will be freaked out , so going back to his territory will make him much happier .	13	Nonfinite
The flowers were all that I hoped they would be , I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all .	26	Finite
Chicken saltimboca was excellent and then there 's the chocolate mousse that comes straight from heaven .	2	Finite
I asked for a fried egg on my enchiladas ... and did not get it .!	11	Finite
That is why I want to highlight some of the issues that I believe the Commission must have at the forefront .	17	Nonfinite
I did all my research and am well prepared to keep one , I 'm 14 by the way	1	Finite
However , save some of your shots for the rest of the falls , as in total there are around 270 cascades that spread out over nearly 2 miles of the Iguazu River .	2	Finite
In order to be eligible to sign up for Facebook , people must be 13 years of age or older .	13	Nonfinite
I am actually really looking forward to it .	1	Finite
Even though you may not want to use them , it will give you some idea of what it might cost and what is fair .	3	Finite
As you may recall , they say they want a deposition on the parties ' intention .	2	Finite
It is the marrying off of young girls to older men often close relatives that enfurates me .	1	Finite
It s Really Good And The Rat Calculater Says Is Big Enough For 5 Rats , But I Would Put A Maximum Of 4 In It Really :)	18	Finite
Dr Mcdonald is wonderful .	2	Finite
For the twentieth time the same thing happened .	7	Finite
During the Six Day War , Yehoshua says that he felt himself linked to a great event , that he was within a historic wave and at one with its flow .	10	Finite
Drop areas	0	Nonfinite
Let us know your thoughts on this document and if you are comfortable with our using this until such time as the hybrid form is launched .	2	Nonfinite
It is the same virtuous circle that Wikipedia has enjoyed .	1	Finite
I would like to come down to Austin this spring to meet with you to further discuss my application file and to personally meet you .	16	Nonfinite
Implications of using the Save As command	4	Nonfinite
she will start to calm down and feel safe - you can bet she does n't now .	7	Nonfinite
We would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on our home .	4	Nonfinite
Ok so if youre snake will take pre-killed , you can " gas it " .	5	Finite
~ It took over 40 mins to be taken to our table , once there it took another 20 mins to get our orders and a further 45 mins till our starters landed on our table .	16	Finite
" There will be protests and other things , it 's all already planned , " the opposition told El Mundo .	2	Finite
I called dominos tonight , it rang forever , I get put on hold twice without saying a word and FINALLY someone says , MAY I HELP YOU ?	22	Finite
He also told me that he worked on the cast of will and grace and that they were all jerks .	2	Finite
Mr President , we should not forget that the main , strategic objective of the Structural and Cohesion Funds and of their coordination is to achieve economic and social cohesion .	6	Nonfinite
We also need to follow this up and make sure that our rules are transposed by the Member States in good time and - even more importantly - we need to ensure that they are also applied afterwards .	13	Finite
The influence of Paris permeates La Comédie .	4	Finite
Per the memo , ENA 's storage account will be REDUCED by 420,588 mmbtu !!!!!!	8	Finite
I did n't expect to react that way , but when I was looking around my workplace in Nashua , New Hampshire , and everyone else looked pretty much like me , it was really very eerie .	5	Nonfinite
Although not a resolver of the conflict , the French victory at the Battle of Marengo forced the Austrians to give Italy up for the second time .	20	Nonfinite
By the end of the year , you will have a whole new network of friends and group activity , stimulating new ideas and taking up your social life a notch or two .	9	Nonfinite
Well , unless of course the third compressor he put in the car goes out .	13	Finite
I have a change in plans next week .	1	Finite
When I tell stories I do n't like that everything will be clear from the beginning .	7	Nonfinite
76 - Percentage of 215 cities surveyed by the US Conference of Mayors in early 2004 that had yet to receive a dime in federal homeland security assistance for their first - response units .	20	Nonfinite
There were no clues , no leads , no moves to be made .	11	Nonfinite
Just like what happened in Enron 's initial VPP program they are find more interest in oil drilling projects rather than natural gas projects .	12	Nonfinite
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	39	Nonfinite
do n't they know we have better things to do	5	Finite
What she ’s saying and what she ’s doing , it — actually , it ’s unbelievable .	7	Finite
And they would not have to land on the moon to take us down a notch . "	11	Nonfinite
The staff was friendly , especially the front desk female supervisor , and seemed to want to help , but too many unusual things happened to make us want to stay there again .	24	Finite
The seeker has to find the snitch blindfolded , relying only on the coach 's instructions , while the game is still on .	20	Finite
The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter , the president of the Independent System Operator , acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .	7	Finite
a parakeet is friendlier	2	Finite
The house they had bought , filled with possessions that had been stored all the years they were in Africa , the garden they had made , spoke for them .	10	Finite
Do n't worry if you have trouble concentrating on the mantra and ideation - that 's normal .	2	Finite
You can switch back to Help at any time .	1	Finite
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .	24	Finite
Napa is all about wine but gives very short descriptions of the wines on their lists .	1	Finite
I assume you have your anwser and do n't need me .	3	Finite
I 'll call you shortly .	2	Nonfinite
A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and the Middle East .	12	Finite
to the extent reasonably practicable , the Uniform Resource Identifier , if any , that Licensor specifies to be associated with the Work , unless such URI does not refer to the copyright notice or licensing information for the Work ;	18	Nonfinite
Recently , Russian president Vladimir Putin bluntly stated that Iran is not developing its nuclear capability for any reasons beyond peaceful energy creation , and pledged to continue assisting Iran in this endeavor .	27	Nonfinite
Had to keep in mind that the A / C broke , I feel bad it was their opening !	13	Finite
Donald Trump is a pompous , arrogant , entitled person that cares about himself , and his temperament is toxic to the United States .	11	Finite
jay is it necessary to varnish my oil paintings or just leave them be ?	13	Nonfinite
It had listed that there was a hot breakfast but all this meant is that they added a waffle maker to the common continental affair at most cheap hotels .	13	Finite
Inequality can corrupt and paralyze a country 's political system – and economic growth along with it .	2	Nonfinite
In some cases the result is because of understaffing , in some cases the staff just does n't care / know better .	18	Nonfinite
Both the engagement and wedding pictures that he took for us we absolutely amazing .	8	Finite
I need something reliable and good looking .	1	Finite
The decision was made by ISO upper management with one goal in mind : to keep the lights on .	15	Nonfinite
I see that it is a 4 , so that will be no problem .	1	Finite
Hearing is a dog ’s secondary sense , and I will discuss that in another blog entery .	11	Nonfinite
Scholars are not certain when each of the 154 sonnets was composed , but evidence suggests that Shakespeare wrote sonnets throughout his career for a private readership .	10	Finite
Also , an independent who does not claim to belong to either camp , Edward Yiu of the Architectural , Surveying , Planning and Landscape constituency , defeated his opponents and was elected .	9	Nonfinite
The state may not favor the convictions of one religious group over another by denying individuals their fundamental right to marry and to have those marriages recognized by civil law .	4	Nonfinite
Cheer the team today ; ( your boys in orange and blue ) Let them hear you shout as they fight for what 's mightily due	20	Finite
There still is a very hot pursuit of the " Atta - level " Floridian , Adnan El Shukrijumah , who Siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting .	25	Nonfinite
Catalano moved back to the area after living in London and then Glasgow , where he had studied jewellery design at Glasgow School of Art .	16	Finite
Among the animals that were available to touch were pony's , camels and EVEN AN OSTRICH !!!	4	Finite
This may be an attempt to play dead , discouraging predators that prefer live prey .	6	Nonfinite
Phoenix has an arid climate with long , hot summers and very mild winters .	1	Finite
I ca n't give out a password yet but would be happy to walk through the site with you over the phone using my password .	1	Finite
You hate to see talent get wasted , but honestly I do n't think I could take in a horse right now these issues .	15	Finite
The rate schedule on Tennessee should be either NET - 2 or NET - 284 .	5	Finite
" Had it happened an hour later it would have been much worse , " Khaled Al-Maeena , editor at large at the Saudi Gazette , said .	8	Finite
It allows you to precisely select the data that will be displayed , to specify the order or arrangement of the data , and to modify or add information .	10	Nonfinite
Wikinews interviews meteorological experts on Cyclone Phalin	1	Finite
Stop trying to pawn your brats off on others to " get a break " .	0	Finite
We 're talking about doing some individual web series , video series .	1	Finite
It 's impossible to understand how this place has survived .	1	Finite
If demand were to increase , so too would risk capital , regardless of whether the markets are fragmented or not .	8	Finite
When I got to the job and tried to insert the new piece of metal IT WOULD NOT FIT !!	16	Finite
Having personally visited the West Bank and Israel , I can say that this new political voice is threatening to collapse the peace process .	10	Finite
I wholly agree , and would expand that statement to include : " To hell with death metal " .	5	Finite
" The vanishing man " , writes Pritchett , " who must be pursued from the rue Cassini to ... Versailles , Ville D' Avray , Italy , and Vienna can construct a settled dwelling only in his work .	11	Finite
1 of them is really colorful and is about 6 cm long .	3	Finite
We ’ve seen mass strikes all around the world , in countries that we would n’t expect it .	16	Nonfinite
On one order , we needed it rushed and shipped to a different state .	5	Finite
Maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent earlier ...	10	Finite
Please let me know what time would work for you .	3	Nonfinite
On the NATO conference , well I mean the obvious question is why should NATO exist ?	15	Nonfinite
According to Rathbun , a detective for the Los Angeles Sheriff 's office was provided with material from Scientology to build a case against Montalvo .	13	Finite
If you would , please review the entire list and let me know if you are in agreement with the presentation by tomorrow evening , if possible .	10	Finite
I do n't know if this has been verified .	1	Finite
Alexandra is Rumanian .	1	Finite
Please do n't mention my NY trip to anyone .	1	Finite
Other anti-establishment candidates elected in this district were localist camp 's Cheng Chung-tai of Civic Passion , pan-democracy camp 's Kwok Ka-ki and Andrew Wan of respectively Civic Party and the Democratic Party .	7	Finite
Any time would be great .	2	Finite
( When I worked at the IMF in the 2000 ' s , page - three coverage of our events by leading newspapers was typically viewed as preferable to top billing ) .	3	Finite
Also , an independent who does not claim to belong to either camp , Edward Yiu of the Architectural , Surveying , Planning and Landscape constituency , defeated his opponents and was elected .	27	Finite
The man told him that a war between the two universes is coming , as he and Walter had predicted ; it is for this reason that Olivia , among others , was trained as a child .	11	Finite
He is very knowledgeable and took the time to explain the repairs to me .	1	Finite
The day will come when I 'll have deportation orders to sign that I wo n't want to sign .	2	Finite
Brazil we have current data already	2	Finite
Zawahiri argued instead that they have been active since the assassination of Anwar Sadat in Egypt because of the Camp David Accord and the resulting peace treaty between Egypt and Israel .	1	Finite
I have been interrupted 20 times while responding , so I hope that it makes sense .	1	Finite
Some refused to leave , but so many were unable to .	8	Finite
And can you tell me WHY that would be a tragedy ? "	1	Finite
How they murdered him I do not know , save that it was Murillo 's hand who struck him down , for Lopez had remained to guard me .	17	Finite
Dave is a patient and methodical teacher , who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students ' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take .	28	Nonfinite
When that happens , all the substances create a rave and start partying and electrons fly everywhere and what results ?	2	Finite
not to mention the market is going to be flooded with enron folks .	2	Nonfinite
But something about it seemed to call out to him – as if its unique destiny in the world was to hold the words that came from his pen .	25	Finite
Since so much of the town ’s retail area is clustered in 3 or 4 block radius , it would be beneficial to walk around , but might also be dangerous given the high traffic intersections .	9	Finite
As recently as last week the official line stated they had no knowledge he had entered the country .	8	Finite
They become accomplices , by omission , and this applies to political leaders , intellectuals , business people and many others .	1	Finite
I think that this is for you since I do n't know any of these people .	11	Nonfinite
To tell the truth , this 's the first time for a week we 've had time to sit down to eat .	14	Finite
It has three parallel chapels at the apse and many lateral chapels between the buttresses .	1	Finite
I crave those .	1	Finite
So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)	7	Nonfinite
He was Paul Auster now , and with each step he took he tried to fit more comfortably into the strictures of that transformation .	13	Finite
Edwards is a strong supporter of Israel , and believes that the U.S. has a vital role in promoting peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians . "	13	Finite
Our citizens cannot accept that the European Union takes decisions in a way that is , at least on the face of it , bureaucratic .	3	Nonfinite
When annoying people on an elevator , keep your pranks lighthearted and fun as opposed to mean-spirited so that everyone leaving the elevator will have a pleasant story to tell .	29	Nonfinite
No matter what progress we make as individuals in becoming healthier , we will never achieve real health until we collectively decide to create a healthier reality .	15	Nonfinite
The last Olympic Games are believed to have been held in 393 .	4	Finite
I do know that most of the time this plant was not buring like it did in July and August of this year .	2	Nonfinite
Abby Freeman is our good friend who has non-Hodgkin lymphoma , and she needs your help !	13	Finite
After friday , I will no longer have access to the estate , so if you could shoot this off over night so I could have something in the morning to work with I would appreciate it .	7	Nonfinite
In order to win , it is necessary to first eliminate the terrorist regimes , so that no Government in the world will serve as a safe haven for these people .	22	Finite
Make sure the temperature is good .	4	Finite
I think they 'll be very pleased to see you back there .	3	Finite
Use of biochemical weapons as blackmail and threatened retaliation for such detentions was an alternative scenario in the Bojinka planning .	12	Finite
I did n't expect to react that way , but when I was looking around my workplace in Nashua , New Hampshire , and everyone else looked pretty much like me , it was really very eerie .	1	Finite
In the 20-minute PlayStation VR demonstration of Batman : Arkham VR , players are dropped down a secret elevator in Bruce Wayne 's manor , to the Bat Cave , to suit up .	13	Finite
" You may want to give me a slap in the face . "	3	Nonfinite
They seemed to be no more than broken things , discarded things , stray bits of junk .	3	Nonfinite
She still has some sort of scholarship but I am not for sure how much it pays .	2	Finite
Other than that the hotel is in a good location and the breakfast is great	5	Finite
An old woman with crinkly grey hair woke up at her post outside the lavatory and opened the door , smiling and grasping a filthy cleaning rag .	16	Finite
In addition , repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .	21	Finite
This is because PivotTable views use the Microsoft Office PivotTable Component , and Excel PivotTable reports either do not support certain PivotTable list features , or they implement some features differently .	27	Finite
Instead , they decided that Albania would be under Ottoman suzerainty but with an autonomous government .	7	Nonfinite
It s Really Good And The Rat Calculater Says Is Big Enough For 5 Rats , But I Would Put A Maximum Of 4 In It Really :)	19	Nonfinite
I trust you and believe that you 'll be able to handle this and all you have to do is to reciprocate !	8	Nonfinite
In discussion with Dave , we thought it would be good to put this together in a format of questions and answers .	9	Nonfinite
It was this scar that made Harry so particularly unusual , even for a wizard .	5	Finite
Questar may be able to purchase material , but some of the items can have up to a 60 day delivery .	2	Nonfinite
Every now and then , while dinner was awaited , their conversation was backed by intensely sociable sounds – pitched talk – let in from the kitchen as the servant went in and out , laying the table .	30	Finite
A witness told police that the victim had attacked the suspect in April .	7	Finite
We were standing in the store for 20 minutes to simply pick up an order .	1	Finite
He urged the President that brigades and brigades would be coming under the banner of jihad carrying death and seeking paradise .	9	Nonfinite
He can eat all his feed and does n't drop any , but can not eat hay from lack of muscle to chew it .	13	Finite
Can you find out who I need to send it to in HR ?	0	Finite
some members of the traveler community bare knuckle box .	8	Finite
These can be bought at garden centers or purchased online .	2	Nonfinite
Finishing the largest item on your list of things to do will make you feel extra productive and give you the boost to do other things you ’ve been pushing to the side .	12	Nonfinite
25 - Percentage of overall worldwide carbon dioxide emissions the United States is responsible for .	12	Finite
A third - party majority is needed , specifically the votes of 367 MPs ( out of 550 ) , whereas 330 votes are required in order to trigger a referendum .	28	Nonfinite
It may seem that the common agricultural policy or the trans-European transport network are higher priorities , but they are not .	19	Finite
Marxist playwright and director Bertolt Brecht devised an epic theatre under the influence of Shakespeare .	6	Finite
He had to claim that it was real .	3	Nonfinite
At that time , the gurus and geniuses of Wall Street were predicting a 250 Dow and many were talking openly about the end of capitalism .	11	Finite
At least according to the public comments by bioweaponeer experts William Patrick and Kenneth Alibek , under the optimal method , there is no electrostatic charge .	22	Finite
You want your dog to admire you as his pack leader , not fear you .	5	Nonfinite
Just put marks over the letters or make up something right on the spot , you might have to take some time on this !	17	Nonfinite
All the Hasidim are vividly enjoying themselves , dodging through the aisles , visiting chattering standing impatiently in the long lavatory lines , amiable , busy as geese .	3	Finite
Quinn turned his attention to the young woman on his right , to see if there was any reading material in that direction .	13	Nonfinite
Additionally we tried the Logan Circle roll , spicy crab and tuna roll , and sweet potato tempura roll ( $ 15 , $ 10 , and $ 3.75 respectively ) .	2	Finite
The first thing you notice when you arrive on location is that the waiting line literally goes out the door and spills into the parking lot .	10	Finite
They will make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent themselves .	1	Finite
As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now .	33	Finite
Two or three times I consider whether to mention to him a letter I sent Le Monde during the 1973 war about the position being taken by France .	5	Finite
Take time to discover the unlimited possibilities with Agel !	3	Nonfinite
My take is that the UDCs will be indifferent to this ( maybe ? ) and our # 1 priority is to work to get the PG&E model adopted across the state .	6	Finite
Place it down so that its breast is carrying its weight and rests on the ground .	12	Finite
You just want to be sure you can groom and saddle sufficiently and the horse itself is calm enough so that whatever size it is , you can handle it .	24	Finite
In April — before the Swift boat veterans had said a word — Kerry said Bush “ has yet to explain to America whether or not , and tell the truth , about whether he showed up for duty . ”	14	Finite
We pointed out to the PX that there was excess credit .	1	Finite
The playwright and critic George Bernard Shaw mocked the cult of Shakespeare worship as " bardolatry " .	7	Finite
You just have to know what you 're getting into when you go .	12	Finite
Or do you think it ’s nothing ?	3	Nonfinite
There are precedents of independent governors dealing effectively with the legislature , and indeed a wise third-party governor can have greater effectiveness than a major party governor .	1	Finite
Shelters and adoption agencies often do not know if a cat is a good mouse hunter , and generally do not test for this .	7	Nonfinite
Plus they will overcharge you for just about everything , and smile while doing it .	2	Finite
2 ) Your vet would not prescribe them if they did n't think it would be helpful .	10	Finite
Contrary to the Commission proposals , we must preserve the current procedure known as the Article 43 procedure .	7	Finite
" Look how the academy returns the pretty ones we send them !	5	Finite
This is possible because we release all of our software under the Open Source GPL license and release our content under a Creative Commons license .	1	Finite
I have lived in the UTC La Jolla area for many years , and I never new this salon was here until a friend reffered me to see Holly here .	1	Finite
They will be there by noon on the 20th , and the surgery will last 1.5 hours and then they 'll watch him for 2 more hours before they put him into ICU .	29	Finite
There 's no reason to be nervous when it comes to IM flirting —	1	Finite
Also , Sinh Cafe has been around for a long time and is very reputable .	4	Finite
Orders and / or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and / or instructions .	10	Nonfinite
This is an awesome date spot that the area SERIOUSLY needs .	1	Finite
This will paste a copy of the letter into the notepad so that you will add your name to the list .	15	Nonfinite
With growing economic and military power , India will be dependent on smaller nations in the region increasingly to maintain regional security .	19	Nonfinite
She pointed to the refreshment table with Campbell 's Soup served with " electric " Kool Aid and tables adorned with colorful gumball " pills " .	1	Finite
Objects or donations should be placed in front of a monk so he can pick it up , or place it on a special cloth he carries with him .	26	Finite
Needs to go to $ 41 and then I will be happy .	9	Finite
Evelyn Odara spoke to her husband as no local woman would dare ; yet he ignored it , as if turning the tables on her with his countrymen 's assumption that what women said was not heard , anyway .	34	Finite
These measures shall be taken during a period of three years following the date of accession and their application shall be limited to that period .	19	Finite
I say this remembering that Jacques Maritain once characterized European anti-Semitism of the twentieth century as an attempt to get rid of the moral burden of Christianity .	1	Finite
You can skip this step if you have purchased pre-rinsed quinoa in a box .	7	Finite
Under our Constitution , this nomination can not take effect unless and until the United States Senate gives its Consent , as described in our Constitution , Article II , Section 2 .	8	Nonfinite
This should take no longer than 30 seconds .	1	Finite
They are social and like to be handled .	6	Nonfinite
There are far too many lazy people out there who think that they can sit around a job will fall in their lap .	14	Nonfinite
You can change the security mode for accessing the SQL Server database on a computer running Windows NT .	1	Finite
Please note that if departing from Europe ( this may apply to other countries ) , you will require to have the visa before boarding the plane .	9	Finite
Do n't go here unless you want to sit , order , eat and be asked to leave all in a matter of 20 minutes .	2	Finite
" I do n't know how these events could have taken place without some concerted effort , " said Dunn .	9	Nonfinite
The white pages allowed me to get in touch with parents of my high school friends so that I could track people down one by one and the restaurant section is basically my cookbook .	6	Nonfinite
If I threw him against a wall and still conscious he will run away , do I hang him by the tail so the blood can flush into his skull ?	11	Finite
It was a brilliant , sunny day .	1	Finite
The difference is what they need to live , VS what 's ideal for them .	7	Nonfinite
Just relax and enjoy .	3	Finite
If you have n't heard , SoCal 's announced their abandoning windows for OFOs .	7	Finite
Rebecca Edwards had just told Neil Bayley that Felix Pasilis , the Pettigrews ' Greek friend , was furious with her because she 'd forgotten some essential herb that he wanted for his sheep ...	23	Finite
Now feel yourself returning to where you sit ... move your hands and feet a little , stretch them .	1	Finite
I trust that they will give us better love than they are getting from us , for ours is a very low-quality upward-seeping vegetable-sap sort of love , as short-lived as it is spontaneous .	18	Finite
There is a risk that observers underestimate the time that Al Qaeda has had to make progress in such recruitment and research and development .	12	Finite
Likewise , so long as member countries maintain fiscal sovereignty , a new mechanism to facilitate finger - wagging at countries that defy European budget rules will change nothing .	22	Finite
Ideally the quaffle and bludgers should be slightly deflated so that they are easier to throw and catch .	15	Nonfinite
The kind of laugh they 've picked up from people like Uncle Willie said Neil .	6	Finite
MMA also captured the Northwest Frontier Province , which probably shelters Bin Laden and al - Zawahiri , and is in a joint government of Baluchistan Province , also on the Afghanistan border .	2	Finite
The inscription on it was fading away , so I should set it down here as it was then , and ask my readers to ponder it :	11	Nonfinite
How about Friday , Sept. 17 , at 9 am ( Houston time ) which is 11 am ( Sao Paulo ) time ?	15	Finite
The second vendor charged $ 55 ( less than half of what A&E charges ) to come and applied that to the price of the repair service ( which A&E does not ) .	3	Finite
When the elevator is going from the bottom floor to the top , as soon as the doors close , exclaim that you lost your tarantula / snake / scorpion but confirm that it is somewhere in the elevator .	18	Finite
HOWEVER ... that same web page also states that " The current pass mark is 67 .	14	Finite
I should just like to confirm that the Commissioner and the French Minister for Europe are both agreed on that point .	1	Finite
Professor Eastman said he is alarmed by what they found .	4	Finite
I do n't know how much it will help however .	1	Finite
They are not a national park , but are extremely beautiful .	8	Finite
We understand that it is important that the two institutions - Parliament and Commission - cooperate and work together and that the current cooperation with the Committee on Regional Policy , and in particular the transport group , is magnificent .	15	Finite
It is all very unique and you wo nt find any other baby wearing the same stuff .	7	Finite
In addition , if you choose to use Facebook from your mobile device , please note that you will be responsible for any fees associated with internet usage and / or text messaging as determined by your mobile service provider .	15	Finite
I 've thought about you a few times in the last few months , did n't want to intrude upon an already bad situation with my bullshit questions .	18	Nonfinite
There was some horrible fate impending for Sonia and I had to kill her before something worse happened .	17	Finite
However , save some of your shots for the rest of the falls , as in total there are around 270 cascades that spread out over nearly 2 miles of the Iguazu River .	23	Finite
He should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark - skinned foreigners want extradited , CIA operative Michael Meiring .	15	Finite
I do n't want to appear before God on judgment day and have to explain why I did n't do anything like this in my life .	19	Nonfinite
Here is a great list of different restaurants in San Francisco	1	Finite
I concur that Ba'athists and former security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out of 18 governorates , along with the capital , if Americans are to be removed from the picture entirely .	28	Finite
He had spent the afternoon preparing for this visit as carefully as if he were preparing for an exam .	14	Finite
Perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing Zahav was going to be golden as its name suggests ( and as the many golden reviews seem to attest ) , we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience .	10	Finite
Whereas Saddam Hussein 's dictatorship ensured that such populist currents were kept firmly under control , they are now free to organize .	17	Finite
Much of it involved costly churning of portfolios , while increased leverage implied fragility for the financial system as a whole and imposed severe social costs as over - exposed households subsequently went bankrupt .	32	Finite
We took it back in to have it repaired again , and less than a week later the second compressor went out .	6	Nonfinite
I just wanted to try your clinic because I was not totally happy with my current therapist I regularly see .	19	Finite
I ask one of the hostesses when I may expect to receive a drink and she cries out in irritation , " Back to your seat ! "	1	Finite
This sounds better than the limitations you were describing in the meeting .	7	Finite
Notwithstanding the above , Licensor reserves the right to release the Work under different license terms or to stop distributing the Work at any time ;	5	Finite
The ' high weirdness ' and more hardcore political ' factions ' must perhaps integrate and arrive at a synthesis .	14	Nonfinite
Photos released of the scene showed numerous bloodied bodies and various scattered debris .	5	Finite
An area that used to be bald as a billiard ball is now a sea of willow . "	3	Finite
But getting past who should get them , is who has them , and who is really close .	4	Finite
He has also had to pay the £ 15 each up front so woul d be grateful if you could get the cash to him as soon as poss ible .	1	Finite
The children can be checked in and checked out in a safe way at many activities so you can have a bit of free time without the little ones .	2	Finite
Some two hundred Hasidim are flying to Israel to attend the circumcision of the firstborn son of their spiritual leader , the Belzer Rabbi .	9	Nonfinite
Are there any major differences between them ?	0	Finite
These amendments deal with the social economy and the need to provide social risk capital and support financially local schemes to develop employment opportunities and strengthen social cohesion .	2	Finite
* 2 . The second ingredient is words , more precisely lies . *	6	Finite
to distribute copies or phonorecords of , display publicly , perform publicly , and perform publicly by means of a digital audio transmission Derivative Works .	7	Finite
Now , when you get into the fire , say where you 're going –	4	Finite
We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected , but let me know what we can do .	1	Finite
This is in also line with Recital ( 7 ) of the Pericles Decision .	1	Finite
You never know whom you have asked to your palace .	2	Finite
If part of the public supports it , others tolerate it , many are afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood , organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism .	38	Finite
Under the release of physical contact , he said to Mweta , I do n't know what we 're talking about , and Mweta said , You ... I told you we expect you back , now .	13	Finite
You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .	18	Nonfinite
It included three tracks cowritten with Rafferty 's brother Jim , also a singer - songwriter , who had been signed to Decca Records in the 1970s .	1	Finite
I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted ( a reball ) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price .	23	Nonfinite
" They are targetting ambulances " , " American snipers are shooting children and pregnant women " , and " They are using cluster bombs against civilians " is all you get to hear from him .	31	Finite
You ate frozen potatoes , you foraged , and you stole .	10	Finite
remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it , and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time .	21	Finite
Yes , all I 've said to Mweta , again and again ... make your own pace .	4	Finite
While creating the page , Access will change control names that are not unique .	11	Finite
Shortages are already leading to power cuts in the big cities .	1	Finite
During the first stages of Romanization , the peninsula was divided in two by the Romans for administrative purposes .	9	Finite
For the Pro-Beijing camp , Elizabeth Quat of DAB was elected with 58,825 votes , the highest in the constituency .	9	Finite
Have a good trip where - ever you end up .	0	Finite
Five years ' experience , but d' you know what as ?	8	Nonfinite
It will help inspire young people to the adventure of space and to the excitement of a career in science , technology , engineering and math . "	2	Nonfinite
They were abrasive and rude - when they were the ones who messed everything up .	8	Finite
I 'll be in around 1000	1	Finite
Now suppose , instead of Styrofoam peanuts , we take these lovely little chocolates that we get and we had those instead .	16	Finite
If all the following instructions are adhered to , you will receive extraordinary dividends .	10	Finite
( Even though he has bigger things to do in D.C. , this is his legacy and he recognizes that if deregulation does not work in Texas , the repercussions could be global . )	13	Finite
You need to check out the French Indochina War ( 1946 - 1954 ) not the Vietnam War ( 1957 - 1975 ) .	3	Nonfinite
You can filter a field to display only data that matches the value in a selected cell .	6	Nonfinite
Louis the German invaded Moravia and replaced Mojmír I with his nephew Rastiz who became St. Rastislav .	3	Finite
colorado beat texas a&m .	1	Finite
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair ( she only wanted one , however ) .	2	Finite
There are so many things to do that you will only use your room for sleeping and the extra cost of the balcony is wasted .	23	Finite
I may have to postpone again , I 'll let you know later this morning .	2	Nonfinite
We were very happy how clean looked our windows .	1	Finite
It s natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank would be very overcrowded .	20	Nonfinite
What we are proposing specifically is a unified capital tax , which would make it possible to boost the funds used to support the harmonisation of social protection systems and the reduction of working hours at European level .	2	Finite
I wanted to go home .	1	Finite
Almost at once , Harry wished he had n't spoken .	7	Finite
In the past , it had sometimes comforted him to make the world disappear .	10	Nonfinite
Colorful lantern scenes not only fill the central square but also the surrounding 2 km circumference of the memorial .	5	Nonfinite
You do not understand with whom you are dealing . "	1	Finite
The second vendor charged $ 55 ( less than half of what A&E charges ) to come and applied that to the price of the repair service ( which A&E does not ) .	18	Finite
I thought it unusual and , frankly , inappropriate .	1	Finite
He was stand-offish with the other agents , and they on their side said he was the manager 's spy upon them .	1	Finite
But the depth and persistence of the ongoing crisis have exposed the euro 's fundamental fragilities , and should serve as a warning that today 's technocratic Band - Aids may not hold in the face of another shock .	9	Finite
The man who followed could only be his father .	3	Finite
I was like Ummmm i can see your ass cheeks ... he was like Oops did i forget my Underwear ???	6	Nonfinite
South Korea had recently started to broadcast propaganda from loudspeakers after an 11-year lull .	2	Finite
Now I was ready to make and to bake – only in my heart , actually – a small , perfect unleavened wafer to eat with my beloved Paschal Lamb .	5	Nonfinite
the difference is that when a bomb goes off in a West End restaurant the fundamental right of England to exist is not in dispute .	21	Finite
Can you cover for me today ?	0	Finite
- a communication on whether this programme should be continued and adapted , accompanied by an appropriate proposal .	8	Nonfinite
Most Tulsans drive almost everywhere , although bus , bike , and pedestrian routes are starting to catch on .	17	Nonfinite
So I am in limbo regarding a bedroom suite .	2	Finite
I did n't understand so I did n't say anything .	3	Nonfinite
Of course you 'll come back to us now !	3	Finite
In Othello , the villain Iago stokes Othello 's sexual jealousy to the point where he murders the innocent wife who loves him .	21	Finite
" They can freely write anything they like about our prophet , but if one raises doubts about the Holocaust he is either fined or sent to prison , " he added .	4	Nonfinite
That had simply been a method , a way of trying to predict what would happen .	12	Nonfinite
1 ) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and 2 ) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement .	10	Finite
The minute the land was replaced by science , what is there to fight about ?	10	Finite
Hang on – this has n't got anything to do with Vol – sorry – with You Know Who , has it ?	4	Finite
I cried the entire way home .	1	Finite
Stillman settled slowly into his chair and at last turned his attention to Quinn .	1	Finite
HBS will shadow Enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period .	1	Finite
The moment they know the de-gnoming 's going on they storm up to have a look .	13	Nonfinite
Well I recently bought the Nook Color , and I have to say that I am very happy with it .	10	Finite
There is no Terminal 1 .	1	Finite
The Coalition decision to provoke a fight with Muqtada al - Sadr 's movement only three months before the Coalition Provisional Authority goes out of business has to be seen as a form of gross incompetence in governance .	26	Finite
Creative Commons is not a party to this License , and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work .	11	Finite
When i put him off of my bed , he jumps back on and same thing .	10	Finite
He opened his eyes .	1	Finite
How did you come to be involved with this discovery	1	Finite
Did anything happen before losing his trust ?	0	Finite
I would like to repeat my appreciation to all the speakers and especially to the rapporteur , Mr Koch .	4	Nonfinite
I admit that I should have paid attention to this kind of little things while test drive .	5	Nonfinite
Let s call the whole thing off .	2	Nonfinite
Archibald says Mr. Bush would come into the office and , in a friendly way , offer up stories about the drinking he 'd done the night before , kind of as a conversation starter .	16	Nonfinite
Shahar leads me down from the Mishkenot Sha'ananim , which stands on a slope and faces Mount Zion and the Old City , to the Gai-Hinnom ( Gehenna of tradition ) , where worshipers of Moloch once sacrificed their children .	15	Finite
Having mice in your home is both a nuisance and a health hazard .	5	Finite
If you bought packaged quinoa , this step is n't always necessary , but it 's better to be safe than sorry .	8	Finite
In addition , we 've used our revenue on things like buying carbon offsets to become carbon neutral .	15	Nonfinite
No matter how haphazard his journeys seemed to be – and each day his itinerary was different – Stillman never crossed these borders .	15	Finite
Let us know what you decide to do .	5	Finite
I may have to postpone again , I 'll let you know later this morning .	1	Finite
Neil Bayley was the one to find this out , because of some domestic mishap or misunderstanding that made his arrival at the visitors ' stand very late .	18	Finite
They are the only place I would take my car peiod .	1	Finite
Considering Socotra is a fairly new eco-tourism destination , their facilities are decent .	2	Finite
There is an e-mail by Moussaoui , however , dated July 31 , 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to 6 months .	19	Nonfinite
I am looking for people who would like to play D & D 3.5 and live in or around the Chillicothe , OH area .	1	Finite
" This is a great scientific discovery " , but it was so awful .	2	Finite
Let me know which is easier and we can coordinate .	9	Nonfinite
I just moved nearby and have tried several of the local places , this was the first one and I should have just stuck with it .	21	Nonfinite
With population growth , new indigenous quarters were created .	7	Finite
He was three times seriously wounded .	1	Finite
The following illustration shows how the PivotTable view will look after the captions of the custom group field and custom groups have been changed .	21	Finite
At the initial meeting it became apparent that most participants were there to learn more about digital humanities and were not ( yet ) in the situation where they were able to offer expertise on the subject .	29	Finite
" We 're not happy with Hamas 's position at this stage and in light of the Israeli escalation against the Palestinians , " commented Khader Habib , a senior Islamic Jihad official .	2	Finite
he has been " biting " at her neck and stomach previously while they play without her meowing or anything so i m wondering if he went a little to far that one time .	26	Finite
Peer reviews are currently been gathered on the above .	2	Finite
Quinn would have liked to offer to help , but he could not budge .	1	Finite
You can use the Import command ( point to Get External Data on the File menu ) to import XML data files into Access .	9	Finite
The charges that they have put some vets up to making against Kerry are false and can be demonstrated by the historical record to be false .	13	Finite
The one country that has shown that it understands the realities in South Asia is China .	14	Finite
It is a great course for local golfers to be proud of and all the comments in 2008 have been very positive !!	18	Finite
EDIT : I love how she says it 's not callum but does n't deny it 's me .... i think we all know who she 's talking about ...	16	Finite
Everything is funny there .	1	Finite
You can use a crosstab query to calculate and restructure data for easier analysis .	7	Nonfinite
The paper-type twist ties will deteriorate a little , but the dryer filter screen will catch the fallout .	15	Nonfinite
Everything was just as it was .	5	Finite
Nevertheless , I see that in a book called Things to Come two Americans who think themselves anything but undeveloped and helpless , Herman Kahn and B Bruce-Briggs , are not impressed by Russian achievements .	15	Finite
I come back to it a lot .	1	Finite
Did your vet take radiographs ( x - rays ) ?	0	Finite
This way they will see that your hand is good and it s not going to grab them or hurt them .	8	Finite
I hope you have a great summer .	3	Finite
He felt as though Auster were taunting him with the things he had lost , and he responded with envy and rage , a lacerating self-pity .	17	Finite
BTW you do nt want your leg locked in place , it will move WITH the horse a bit .	13	Nonfinite
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company ' Moore Noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics .	17	Finite
It 's nice for horses that need a little more than a snaffle .	1	Finite
By 1998 , Zawahiri had determined that the Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States and hold off on further attacks against the Egyptian regime .	21	Nonfinite
But the wellbeing of Ukrainian democracy is not what Putin has in mind ;	10	Finite
The main aggregates in the implementation of Pericles are shown on Table 2 .	8	Finite
The SQL Server database must be running on a Windows NT platform .	4	Finite
When you filter a field , you select one or more items of data in the field that you want to view , and hide the other items .	24	Nonfinite
You 'll have to tell me what it 's about first .	8	Finite
Miami Bass producers were clinical in the art of moving butts — their main concern .	3	Finite
Than the troops being issued the weapon were told it was self - cleaning , which it was n't .	10	Finite
It will , I hope , be examined in a positive light .	1	Finite
I am waiting longer at BNA for my pickups and last time I parked with them , they lost my car key .	13	Finite
It was a Texas accent .	1	Finite
Will make that change .	0	Finite
It 's enough to make your hair stand on end , said Dando ; and enjoyed the effect .	11	Finite
Bogd Khaan said that both Mongolia and China had been administered by the Manchu during the Qing , and after the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911 , the contract of Mongolian submission to the Manchu had become invalid .	2	Finite
You can also emphasize the appearance of a control by using special effects .	1	Finite
because i have read that there are times it s not available .	9	Finite
It is the hospitality from Tom and staff , that makes it feel like a 5 star hotel in the middle of the beach .	10	Finite
The South Korean company initially thought a battery fault was to blame , and switched its own component for a third - party power cell .	11	Nonfinite
Set the layer mode to " color " this will make your image blak and white .	10	Nonfinite
Would n't go back as there are a lot of places A LOT better and cheaper .	2	Nonfinite
The Alps provide lowland Europe with drinking water , irrigation , and hydroelectric power .	2	Finite
If you have any comments , please let me know .	7	Finite
I 've thought about you a few times in the last few months , did n't want to intrude upon an already bad situation with my bullshit questions .	1	Finite
I 'm American and I am going to the UK for the first time , what should I expect ?	5	Finite
Ultimately that would be a disadvantage for the consumer .	2	Finite
Over time it has merged with the neighboring cities of Scottsdale , Tempe , Glendale , Peoria , Chandler , and Gilbert to form the Greater Phoenix Metropolitan Area .	23	Nonfinite
( You can hear the wind while driving on highway .	3	Nonfinite
i have a Mature male and female they are together a lot but never laid eggs as far as i know can anyone help me figure out how to make them mate	23	Nonfinite
can anyone give me information about them ?	2	Nonfinite
Why , are you from there ?	2	Finite
I 'll search him out before class or after that break and see if I can set it up .	12	Nonfinite
your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey .	21	Finite
The one department of life that may not quite be as hopeful as you 'd like could be your career , where advancement may be slow and satisfaction rare .	17	Nonfinite
Here is a product page from a company that makes mold making materials	9	Finite
I 've had a lot of cats who refused to eat the canned food .	8	Finite
When creating a new password , be sure that it is at least 6 characters in length and that you use a complex string of numbers , letters , and punctuation marks .	10	Finite
Judging by the fact that Draco Malfoy usually had the best of everything , his family were rolling in wizard gold ; he could just see Malfoy strutting around a large manor house .	25	Nonfinite
But if you want to murder by suicide , you do not have to board a plane in order to explode yourself and kill many people .	3	Finite
If America remains stuck in its under - saving ways but finds itself without Chinese goods and capital , it will suffer higher inflation , rising interest rates , and a weaker dollar .	20	Finite
You wonder if he was manipulating the market with his bombing targets .	4	Finite
The French tend to look down on the Americans and treat them bad .	10	Nonfinite
However , through this glorious affair I got my appointment , before I had fairly begun to hope for it .	17	Nonfinite
We take note of that , Mr von Habsburg , and I should be grateful if you could provide us with this letter .	12	Finite
Stretching is important to loosen muscles , strengthen muscles and to elongate your posture .	4	Nonfinite
Even after the attacks on September 11 , Bush was obsessing about Iraq .	9	Finite
Harry fought to keep his face straight as he emerged .	9	Finite
of course , it 's very hard to convict anyone because no Muggle would admit their key keeps shrinking – they 'll insist they just keep losing it .	21	Finite
Increases the capacity to work until 75 - 80 years of age .	0	Finite
The only reason I switched away from them in the first place is because my good friend who apprenticed with them was starting out on his own .	21	Finite
I live 10 minutes from Cycle City , but I Drove 50 mile south to Peachstate Powersports in LaGrange , dealt with the owner , Levi , and was well taken care of .	1	Finite
I can tell you that the British Government is aware of its regulatory requirements on Objective 1 additionality .	8	Finite
I understand how competitive the process has become , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , personality , extracurricular activities , etc. that this would compensate for my disability .	11	Finite
I am also delighted to hear that he will continue his education working toward an MBA .	1	Finite
On Saturday , Wikinews interviewed Tina McKenzie , a former member of the Australia women 's national wheelchair basketball team , known as the Gliders .	4	Finite
When Tulsa expanded beyond the bounds of its original plat , the expanded areas were platted in alignment with the points of the compass .	2	Finite
Which do you prefer Crab or Shrimp ?	3	Nonfinite
I asked them to change it but they rudely said that it was okay .	1	Finite
Other than eating , or shopping , or shopping for food , there is not much else to do unless you work in Fort Lee .	21	Finite
I plan on taking a couple of graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this level .	28	Finite
Dobby might have saved Harry from horrible happenings at Hogwarts , but the way things were going , he 'd probably starve to death anyway .	3	Finite
These are not very popular due to the often remote and roadless locations .	1	Finite
The Internet effort was said to be the main driver of capital expenditures for the unit .	6	Nonfinite
The new Hotline phone number is 713-853-3044 .	5	Finite
This is why we will be approving the report which has been presented to us .	10	Finite
Dust storms usually start in desert margins rather than the deserts themselves where the finer materials have already been blown away .	3	Finite
They can even use fake snitches .	1	Finite
As a previous Internet Manager I would deal with anyone looking to buy a car for a profit and not care if they came in with a broker .	6	Finite
It is therefore unacceptable to compel the Member States to apply increases that are actually above the rate of inflation .	1	Finite
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive . Valeska Paris	17	Finite
i handle him every few days .	1	Finite
( 4 ) Everyone has the right to form and to join trade unions for the protection of his interests .	4	Finite
It appears this guy is going to bring stability to the country and I think that 's good news for the subcontinent . "	4	Finite
That 's all you can really ask from a car dealer and Michael and Barrett hit all 3 .	6	Nonfinite
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I am determined to prove to the Admissions committment that I can do the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business .	7	Nonfinite
It ’s not a mistake .	1	Finite
He knew that they never left the farm ; instead , the world came to them in the shape of weekend picnickers and driveby tourists .	13	Finite
Harry looked quickly around and spotted a large black cabinet to his left ; he shot inside it and pulled the doors to leaving a small crack to peer through .	28	Nonfinite
Once he is more comfy with his surroundings , then you can start handling him and getting to know each other more .	18	Nonfinite
Russia can have no say in it – and nor should other countries , however helpful they wish to be .	10	Finite
My canon t2i stops working at times as in the power bottom is switched to " on " but the camera does not respond to any function .	23	Nonfinite
Jens Otto Harry Jespersen or Otto Jespersen ( Danish : [ ʌtˢo ˈjɛsb̥ɐsn̩ ] ; 16 July 1860 – 30 April 1943 ) was a Danish linguist who specialized in the grammar of the English language .	23	Finite
Among Thais , there are strict rules of hierarchy that dictate how and when the wai should be given .	16	Finite
Hartpury College ( I think that is the name , but if you type it in it should come up with an alternative suggestion ) , in Gloucestershire .	17	Finite
in a week 's time , he will have made it his , and will be getting more bored than afraid .	15	Nonfinite
Can you tell me the whole process of breeding them and taking care of the babies ?	0	Finite
When the Soviet Union collapsed there had been an agreement , a recent agreement , between Gorbachev and the U.S government and the first Bush administration .	6	Finite
" They can freely write anything they like about our prophet , but if one raises doubts about the Holocaust he is either fined or sent to prison , " he added .	21	Finite
To " route out " in Scientology jargon refers to the member who wishes to leave proceeding through a set of interrogative exit interviews while attached to the Scientology device called the E-meter .	15	Nonfinite
Other will add a drop of Methylene blue .	2	Nonfinite
If you move the line upward , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line below remains constant , and the perpendicular line above the moving line contracts .	19	Finite
Not all were pleased with the final choice of locations .	2	Finite
For example , list “ take the dog for a walk by 12:30 ” rather than simply “ walk the dog . ”	3	Nonfinite
Go somewhere else .	0	Finite
I try to say it every time as if it was the first time I said it .	15	Finite
It is trying to play ice hockey by sending a ballerina ice - skater into the ring or to knock out a heavyweight boxer by a chess player .	19	Nonfinite
Inward FDI could increase by as much as 83 % annually by 2020 ;	2	Finite
How long does it take to train new people at work ?	2	Finite
Also , they have great customer service and a very knowledgeable staff	3	Finite
I am saying when comparing all other hotels in Wildwood , this hotel has everything that we are looking for .	1	Finite
When having your car worked on you have to trust the mechanic & this Midas is truly someone you can trust !	9	Nonfinite
I said I should have to learn my way round all over again .	6	Nonfinite
I <3 Max 's	1	Finite
When he had come to the end , he said , Do you think I 'm crazy ?	15	Finite
You ’ve probably got them just the way you like them , but if you move the adjusters up or down on the straps occasionally , the straps will last longer .	15	Finite
I will have to leave downtown at about 945 to catch a plane .	10	Nonfinite
Balzac worked these scenes from his boyhood - as he did many aspects of his life and the lives of those around him - into La Comédie Humaine .	10	Finite
When victims and witnesses speak up , at least sometimes a child is protected , the truth is exposed , and justice is done .	12	Finite
2000 - Year that Cheney said his policy as CEO of Halliburton oil services company was " we would n't do anything in Iraq " .	18	Finite
( 20 ) This Directive should also encourage the integration of Ecodesign in small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) and very small firms .	7	Nonfinite
You can invite people to war over noses , but nobody will go to fight for noses any more .	11	Finite
However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .	18	Finite
Please send David Lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter ( use Bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete ) .	17	Finite
We shall therefore look into it properly to ensure that everything is as it should be .	3	Nonfinite
They want to use LTS to tie into NASA 's vision for Space Exploration , and seem pleased that the White House is moving in that direction .	3	Nonfinite
i think they are all bark and no bite .	3	Finite
Confirmation Desk : you can stop adding the rep to the confirms now .	4	Finite
You 'll want to find the right screw reassemble something without having to pick it out of 100 others when you get there .	4	Nonfinite
and when I say go home it means to go in the cage .	3	Finite
I do think some Y!A users need to work on their reading comprehension as I ca n't comprehend how taking a horse in as a rescue and getting it qualified medical treatment is abuse .	6	Finite
> From the shameful history of slavery in America , the injustice of forbidding people to marry is evident as a denial of a basic human right .	16	Nonfinite
I get that careless teenager kind of treatment from some of their staff ... perhaps they should hire more serious adults to help serve / cook .	23	Nonfinite
Five minutes before my initial lesson , I got a call from Gerry advising me of his arrival and to come down as soon as I was ready .	8	Finite
It was his job to make the food , which consisted mainly of gristle-studded hamburger patties , bland sandwiches with pale tomatoes and wilted lettuce , milkshakes , egg creams , and buns .	1	Finite
The real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in B2B marketplaces .?	16	Nonfinite
The staff and the Principal are rediculous , they do n't listen to any input , and they make up rediculous rules ( They banned backpacks , because a teacher TRIPPED OVER a student 's ) .	5	Finite
As always , thank you for your time and please contact me @ ext 58369 if you have any questions .	17	Finite
‘’ It was the first time that Bush totally focused on the Taliban threat rather than Al Qaeda with the Pakistanis , ’’ says a Western diplomat .	9	Finite
Of course the paper written by Mr Eichelberger and his Egyptian collaborators states that the purpose of the Nasser seizure of power was " to solve the pressing social and political problems which made the revolution necessary . "	12	Finite
One time we even left after sitting at the table for 20 minutes and not being greeted with a drink order .	4	Finite
Here I am now driving confidently on my own .	2	Finite
I propose that you make this transfer before the fifteenth ( 15th ) of the month of April .	1	Finite
They " finished " the work and told me the car was ready .	11	Finite
Adobe Acrobat Reader 4.0 may be downloaded for FREE from www.adobe.com .	4	Finite
When you come to ncfa you will see a real instructor that teaches and trains everyday !	7	Nonfinite
The history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it not only speaks to Bush 's character as an addictive personality , but may tell us something about his erratic and alarming actions as president .	17	Finite
And I have not met one stuck - up trail rider !	2	Finite
Does anyone know any good restaurants in cordoba ?	0	Finite
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department .	7	Nonfinite
I would like to mention one final point .	4	Nonfinite
Stayed in the Seaview room here in December 2009 !	0	Finite
At one time , some thought he had been spotted in Iran .	5	Finite
We waited until 2:25 PM and then left .	7	Finite
He was so accustomed to effacing himself in the hours of discussion of constitutional law and political tactics ( a white man , an outsider offering impersonal service for whatever it was worth ) ...	31	Finite
They are probably infertile .	1	Finite
But there is no proof .	2	Finite
The reasons for this relationship are not easy to establish definitively , and the authors ' conclusions are controversial .	5	Finite
This cage will hold about 2 - 3 rats .	2	Finite
Yes things like philosophy and fashion design are interesting , but how many jobs are out there for someone with these qualifications ?	7	Finite
To summarize : Enron 's pad gas will now be 3,993,310 MMBTU , instead of 4,223,000 MMBTU .	1	Nonfinite
They do not run that often , especially to the outer towns like Broken Arrow .	3	Nonfinite
The city had about 391,000 people and the metro area had about 937,000 people as of 2010 from the US Census Bureau .	10	Finite
As such , the Game of Thrones storyworld represents a remarkably rich and challenging environment for fans old and new , who must negotiate an increasingly complex network of paratexts and intertexts in order to fully engage with its narratives .	36	Nonfinite
anyways , the mezza luna : you should try it .	8	Nonfinite
We had no choice but to stay but will take this as far as we can .	6	Nonfinite
I was about to give up when I met Jason and Neal .	4	Nonfinite
Elements do not overlap .	1	Finite
The United States is , after all , the prime revolutionary country .	3	Finite
About how Access searches for reference libraries	3	Finite
Alcoholic drinks like beer , mead , bjórr ( a strong fruit wine ) and , for the rich , imported wine , were served .	23	Finite
I believe someone called about this today , but Mr. Lay asked me to let you know that these dates do n't work for him , either .	20	Finite
i do nt know what it is , but since a very young age i have had a strange but very gratifying urge to torture or maime animals .	3	Nonfinite
Using Alvarez 's dipole antenna to achieve a very high angular resolution , GCA allows ground - based radar operators watching special precision displays to guide a landing airplane to the runway by transmitting verbal commands to the pilot .	17	Finite
They believed that genuine democracy was now on its way .	1	Finite
And every time he see some one he will rush to people and jump on them , does n't listen to me .	9	Nonfinite
He 's always like " ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours , I wish I had mine ! " and he is n't even joking .	13	Nonfinite
As concerned citizens we affirm the liberty of adults of the same gender to love and marry .	14	Nonfinite
I thought to get a decent pizza the only way was at a fancy restaurant , and I have to get a whole pie .	20	Nonfinite
She had to hack her way through the ceiling of her beauty shop as flood waters rose in the city of half a million people - much of which lies below sea level .	16	Finite
A bird cried out on the roof , and he woke up .	10	Finite
I could handle my mice , but they where skittish and preferred their cage .	1	Finite
Guess who I saw in Borgin and Burkes ? Harry asked Ron and Hermione as they climbed the Gringotts steps .	10	Finite
Harry enjoyed the breakneck journey down to the Weasleys vault , but felt dreadful , far worse than he had in Knockturn Alley , when it was opened .	12	Finite
I do realise that this is only a small step towards increased transport safety , but I would ask you to endorse this report .	1	Finite
Just the zinc fumes will get you , if you do n't take precautions .	10	Finite
He told me to remember to call like 3 times before he left .	6	Nonfinite
I do n't know if this will change other nation 's perceptions of America .	6	Finite
My parents did n't send for my birth certificate until I was 16 and needed it for summer employment .	11	Finite
But their parents refused to accept this .	3	Finite
In my opinion , we should show CRRA a copy of the LOI with the assumption that the Development Agreement is attached .	6	Nonfinite
They could leave the neighborhood , perhaps leave the city altogether .	7	Nonfinite
Is it possible that you or somebody else in the HR department mark the vacation time ?	12	Nonfinite
You ll find world-class museums and cultural events , professional sports and amusement parks , and the most golf courses per capita in the United States .	2	Nonfinite
Both have full 1080 video with stereo recording , so that does n't matter .	11	Finite
I decided it was time to grow up and made an appointment .	1	Finite
You can also filter data by using filter fields .	1	Finite
Tires were the right price and now the car feels like it is riding on rails around turns .	1	Finite
Israel 's security interests are best served by peace with its neighbors , which can only be achieved by trading land for peace with the Palestinians .	14	Finite
I have been going to Warner Family for a number of years and would highly recommend it to anyone .	1	Finite
That said , we are realistic enough to realize that this goal will take decades to achieve .	13	Nonfinite
He seems to have planned two contrasting series :	1	Finite
while you 're unlikely to cause offense if you do , you may well look slightly strange .	14	Nonfinite
I well remember what intelligent , informed people were saying in the last years of the Weimar Republic , what they told one another in the first days after Hindenburg had brought in Hitler .	31	Finite
Put the camera on manual focus and set focus to infinity	7	Finite
Two males can fight and you definitely do n't want babies !!	7	Finite
We had fewer social benefits at that time for people so many immigrants were not counted .	13	Finite
I believe it is workable , though it may be somewhat complicated .	1	Finite
White space can be used throughout the document to enhance readability .	2	Finite
He arrived in 1777 at the age of 23 , and served as a military engineer in the Continental Army with Major General Lafayette .	1	Finite
Beware of the nail program you are not taught to use a nail drill AT ALL you learn the old fashioned way of doing nails you will not be able to do well in a salon !!!	17	Finite
This is simply a protective mechanism for their false image or their fantasy land .	1	Finite
I dislike this urban society and want to leave this whole enviroment .	6	Finite
Yes , he said to himself , it was possible .	3	Finite
What is the nearest National Park to Birmingham , UK ?	1	Finite
Let us hope , therefore , that the proposals of the Commission will be sufficient to make sure this job will be done effectively .	13	Nonfinite
I am very artistic so I decided I was going to make her a giraffe sculpture .	6	Finite
Hong Kong Island was ceded to Britain , and certain ports , including Shanghai and Guangzhou , were opened to British trade and residence .	3	Finite
Siri ca n't do it . And I do n't know how .	10	Nonfinite
The price spikes pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need and want an easy way out .	16	Finite
Should we all get together and make a conference call to Dominion like we did before or should I just call Jeff Davis myself ?	6	Nonfinite
I live nearly two hours away and yet I will still make the drive to see them !	1	Finite
Pompey took command of two legions in Capua and began to raise levies illegally , an act that , as was predictable , took advantage of the Caesarians who were in his favor .	20	Finite
Everyone loves it ! ^_^	1	Finite
It is rather as if Puritans in seventeenth-century dress and observing seventeenth-century customs were to be found still living in Boston or Plymouth .	1	Finite
Talk to your academic adviser , see what they recommend .	9	Finite
BUT they stated that they will take as long as it takes to work out all the bugs so who really know how long .	6	Nonfinite
The hour had long since passed for his call to Virginia Stillman , and he debated whether to go through with it .	15	Finite
After you are elected in 2004 , what will your memoirs say about you , what will the title be , and what will the main theme say ?	19	Nonfinite
that is precisely the time when you may , if you wish , raise this question , i.e. on Thursday prior to the start of the presentation of the report .	1	Finite
" Beijing may end up in a early 1990s Japan situation , where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them . "	2	Finite
Clinton had worked out a deal with Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in summer of 1999 that would have allowed the US to send a Special Ops team in after Bin Laden in Qandahar , based from Pakistan .	17	Finite
Alternatively , you can take the M1 all the way to the A64 , but the upper reaches of the M1 around Sheffield and Leeds can get very congested , especially in the rush hours .	3	Finite
The nearest airports to Fort Lee are Newark Airport , LaGuardia Airport , Teterboro ( general aviation only ) , JFK and Westchester County Airport .	6	Finite
It can also be dangerous if you use toxic chemicals and poisons .	7	Finite
Click the account menu at the top right of any Facebook page and choose Account Settings .	13	Finite
The world – and by extension the UK – is facing a shortage of people with the skills needed to mount an effective defence .	20	Nonfinite
If you want an attorney who will defend your right , contact Law Offices of Armando Villega	2	Finite
The measures you described could be improved and there are others which you did not mention .	4	Finite
The shopkeeper will need right of recourse which he can use to recover his costs from the manufacturer .	9	Finite
The public information mostly relates to those suspected sleepers who have been detained or who are at large and are being sought .	19	Finite
I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase , and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation .	19	Nonfinite
We would still keep the 20,000,000 line referenced in Schedule B of the POA agreement .	3	Nonfinite
I understand you may not have credit approval yet so perhaps we can leave the appropriate sections blank in the meantime .	1	Finite
include which one had :	3	Finite
Great for the kiddies - they love the labyrinth ( do n't forget to tell 'em it s really a ' pagen ' thing ! ) .	17	Finite
To this end , entertainment media like soap operas , which have emerged as important tools for empowering women in conservative Middle Eastern societies , could be employed .	25	Finite
now i will have really straight teeth .	2	Finite
How Would You Like To Know How YOU Can Live In A Beautiful NEW House That Is Custom - Designed To YOUR Specifications ......... And At NO COST To You ?	16	Finite
At the initial meeting it became apparent that most participants were there to learn more about digital humanities and were not ( yet ) in the situation where they were able to offer expertise on the subject .	32	Nonfinite
Way to go !	2	Nonfinite
( this way the will associate your hand with food , and birds love food lol ) Then I turned on the tv and watch .	24	Finite
This project is of relevance to researchers in media studies , fan studies , information studies and digital humanities .	2	Finite
The CURSE OF GOD carried on until he was shot dead .	8	Finite
There 's one thing I 'll do for you , though .	6	Nonfinite
It was an ingrown toenail .	1	Finite
The family here ( California ) wanted to fly any family members from there to CA , so they could remain here until things got straightened out down there .	19	Finite
I can be reached at 315-460-3344 .	2	Nonfinite
As far ask I ’m aware our most unique custom would be the “ Country Wake ” .	11	Nonfinite
" But it seems that Hamas has its own political agenda . "	6	Finite
Thus began a fifteen - year correspondence between Balzac and " the object of [ his ] sweetest dreams " :	1	Finite
yet to understand the effect of it on me you ought to know how I got out there , what I saw , how I went up that river to the place where I first met the poor chap .	35	Finite
People like the fact that I stand for a Virginia that is both Open-minded and Open for Business .	1	Finite
What was I supposed to do , say I ca n't afford you and walk out with crap all over my hair .	1	Finite
Make certain you get two females .	0	Finite
On the question of whether to exempt energy-intensive industries , in our view the Commission 's proposal has advantages and disadvantages .	6	Nonfinite
I went with Emily and her Mom last night to see the musical " Rent " and it was wonderful .	18	Finite
Some , I heard , got drowned in the surf ; but whether they did or not , nobody seemed particularly to care .	5	Finite
it is difficult to detect the benefits of this innovation in GDP statistics .	1	Finite
There was a small click and the door swung open .	1	Finite
when i watched werewolf in london ( great film ) that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors .	16	Finite
We will be back again and again !!	1	Finite
their pizza was a little salty for me , but it s still good .	11	Finite
I have been going to Warner Family for a number of years and would highly recommend it to anyone .	13	Finite
I 'm a soccer mom so I was n't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear .	12	Finite
This assistance shall fund institution - building projects and limited small-scale investments ancillary thereto .	2	Finite
The trees were in magnificent shape and the variety was astounding .	9	Finite
Opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .	20	Finite
Entitlement to free abortions equates with women having the right to manage their lives and make decisions about their own bodies .	15	Nonfinite
All he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered Communist forces .	20	Nonfinite
Birds eat and sleep with their flock , not predators .	3	Finite
I have finally found a mechanic I trust !!	1	Finite
Even after September 11 , it seems that most of the Western World does not yet understand this weapon .	6	Finite
Is there a particular LibriVox book which you think stands out because of the quality , the overall effort involved , its popularity , or for some other reason ?	0	Finite
The latest figures relate to the 24th of October last year , and tell us that our diesel costs 1,335 euros per litre , compared with the eurozone average of 1,165 euros .	13	Nonfinite
But it is less clear how the government will create additional jobs for women .	8	Finite
Do n't feed them broccoli , cauliflower , garlic , onions , head lettuce .... they are all too difficult for them to digest .	0	Finite
We do n’t have any rules or known lines we wo n’t cross .	3	Nonfinite
If part of the public supports it , others tolerate it , many are afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood , organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism .	19	Finite
To that regards , I noticed I was not approved to sell naked calls .	11	Nonfinite
It has been 3 weeks and I STILL do n't have my table ( which was NOT cheap , I might add ) .	20	Finite
If you need someone to help you out with your heating problems , I DEFINITELY would call TIGER HEATING and AIR .	2	Finite
They will play on Saturday , 10 June .	2	Nonfinite
It 's fine for mass - market chocolate , but with companies like Scharffen Berger , TCHO , and smaller artisan chocolate makers in the area , why ?	1	Finite
( Do n't wish to use Wikipedia again , it 's just easier than spending time looking up more obscure and detailed information . )	1	Finite
You will also have the experience of learning the bella Sicilian culture , that I have fallen in luv with .	15	Finite
York is known as England 's " City of Festivals " as there are regular cultural festivals every year .	1	Finite
How to start a new fish tank ?	2	Nonfinite
More than 330 crew are onboard the ship .	4	Finite
After the way she spoke to me on my last visit , I will not be returning !!	15	Nonfinite
Also , if you remove a field and later add the field back to the layout , the same items are again hidden .	20	Finite
Close to my house , this is the only reason I would go to this particular QT .	12	Nonfinite
It would tell us why the call went to you , but not why they wanted to speak to me in the first place .	2	Nonfinite
I told Paul that you called him yesterday so abruptly because you did n't want to waste his time while you got tests done for arthritis .	14	Nonfinite
You think there was someone else would have given you the alphabet ! and electricity and killed off the malaria mosquito , just for love ?	1	Finite
Before treatment , my food cravings were " out of control " which caused me to be stressed out .	6	Finite
I 've looked and looked , but can not find one anywhere !	1	Finite
We transport politicians always try to be precise , without letting things get out of hand .	6	Nonfinite
Prior to taking office Jokowi sought for outgoing President Yudhoyono to take responsibility for the decision to further increase fuel prices by further removing subsidies .	18	Nonfinite
Why not run for a lower office that you would be more likely to win and effect change ?	10	Nonfinite
You now should have six sealed envelopes , each with a piece of paper stating the above phrase , your name and address , and a $ 1.00 bill .	2	Finite
Food is often expired so check the dates every time !	5	Finite
When she goes to the zoo the elephants throw her peanuts .	2	Finite
Let us say there has been an attempt to put technical make-up on the political face .	2	Nonfinite
I do n't know why I chose her ...	3	Nonfinite
Best of all , the staff is quick on their feet and even with long lines , usually serve you in 5 minutes or less .	18	Finite
Currently we have a blank " sample " for our Paragraph 13s which are attached to our sample ISDAs for ( a ) US Corporate , ( b ) Hedge Funds , ( c ) Municipal .	13	Finite
" But the bottom line is that the ideas protected by IP rights are the dynamo of growth for developed and developing countries alike .	13	Finite
I show that we also had 20.000 at LS HPL for the 13th .	1	Finite
We know that he had once been married , had once been a father , and that both his wife and son were now dead .	9	Finite
But having allowed Glenda to score such a blinder , who can blame it ?	11	Finite
Notwithstanding the foregoing two ( 2 ) sentences , if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder , it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor .	12	Finite
They can smell it so i 'm sure he knows what it is and just do n't want it .	6	Finite
If you could respond to me on this request , thanks	3	Nonfinite
I am very glad that some Members also spoke in favour of a special committee , during the debate .	1	Finite
I have two cats , and at first they hissed at each other because cats are very territorial , but now they do fight and play .	1	Finite
This man was polite , professional , clean and quick .	2	Finite
When I went to Bosnia , all the meat was Halal .	2	Finite
This scar was the only hint of Harry 's very mysterious past , of the reason he had been left on the Dursleys doorstep eleven years before .	17	Finite
I was extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it , but the sales guy I dealt with ruined the deal .	10	Finite
Turkey understands it well .	1	Finite
With regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with , do we not want to add the Canadian provinces new " eligible swap participant " equivalant rules ?	12	Finite
Additional cost will be incurred for the remainder of this year , that I have not been able to review yet .	14	Finite
If all the controls that you 've selected share the same property setting , that setting appears in the property sheet ; otherwise , that property box is blank .	6	Finite
Nota held the rank of captain in the Russian army and fought the Germans until 1945 .	11	Finite
The owners of Bowtie manged to add something new while preserving what was already there .	12	Finite
But that was the work of memory , and remembered things , he knew , had a tendency to subvert the things remembered .	19	Nonfinite
The Washington Monthly 's Who 's Who of Neocons in Iraq helps explain the extreme incompetence and possibly double - dealing of many in the CPA .	11	Finite
In my opinion , people should be hesitant to contribute to websites where you only have the " right to leave . "	20	Nonfinite
The people working their are also extremely polite and friendly .	4	Finite
I am currently employed with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild .	16	Nonfinite
However , of course this is proof in just one species .	5	Finite
Since they consider this an upgrade , they let their other rooms fill up and would not change our room .	8	Finite
Finance and mentorship should go hand in hand .	3	Finite
Did you know that approximately 10 million Americans are either incarcerated , on probation , on parole or once were in those categories ?	2	Nonfinite
Service does not get any better !!!!	3	Nonfinite
We never had to worry about a thing , and they led the way the whole time .	2	Finite
The design of the model and its potential economics could be key to how worthy the effort might be .	17	Finite
If I had time to drive to Tacoma before they closed during the work week , I would just so I could get those boots fixed properly again .	17	Finite
He was incredibly informative about the options I had , giving me opinions on different treatments to choose from .	1	Finite
is there anything similar with The Onion where they continually revisit a topic or person ?	0	Finite
I would recommend her to anyone !	2	Nonfinite
Ginny , Please see the attached guaranty .	3	Finite
Environment Canada spokeswoman Sujata Raisinghani told CBC News the department will look into the incident .	5	Finite
The CURSE OF GOD carried on until he was shot dead .	4	Finite
I need one horse transported to shows throughout the 2012 show season , and the location is about 3 hours away from where I live .	1	Finite
I could only groan in frustration and curse my lazy bones .	3	Nonfinite
If you do not wish to receive such e-mails in the future or want to know more about the BBC 's Email a Friend service , please read our frequently asked questions .	4	Nonfinite
Although it pales in comparison to later works , some critics consider it a quality text .	2	Finite
You will find the people of Tulsa love their city and they have that southern charm , so they are willing to help you find your way around .	7	Finite
I actually loss 4 pounds after my 1st treatment and 2 pounds after my 2nd treatment .	2	Finite
The locker room is certainly lacking - I would never shower or change there .	3	Finite
China emerged from the late-1990 ' s Asian financial crisis as the region 's most resilient economy , and I suspect the same will be true this time .	23	Finite
But as Harry climbed onto the window-sill there came a sudden loud screech from behind him , followed immediately by the thunder of Uncle Vernon 's voice .	3	Finite
I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted ( a reball ) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price .	7	Finite
Tourists like the other reviewer might not appreciate their efficiency or quality , but I certainly do .	5	Finite
Their Club sandwich looks tasty , maybe that 'll change my mind .... and a different server .	3	Finite
But Ukraine will need outside assistance that only the EU can provide :	11	Nonfinite
Upon return to New Orleans after the Hurricane Katrina evacuation , former residents have been informed that there are no available public housing units at River Garden because those units have been reserved for HANO employees .	18	Finite
I recommend to you , even though most of you do not understand Arabic , to watch Al Jazeera , from time to time .	16	Nonfinite
This place may have been something sometime ; but it way past it " sell by date " .	14	Finite
After the sinking of the Titanic in 1912 , was there a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking ?	29	Finite
It would still give him room to progress in the current job group should he not be promoted .	3	Nonfinite
Yet we did n't charge them for the evacuation .	4	Nonfinite
I will not be there at 7:30 , but will see you arond 9:30 on Tuesday .	9	Finite
If you are moving the line away from the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows larger .	2	Finite
I left with a case of BRAWLER !!!! !	1	Finite
But , given that South Korea 's workforce already includes a substantial share of non - regular workers , increasing temporary employment may not contribute to economic growth .	22	Finite
Just do n't take it for granted - you still need to be cautious this year .	1	Finite
You can take my assistant Taffy Milligan off these emails again .	2	Nonfinite
Let her explore when we moved my cat had to explore the entire house before she felt comfortable .	0	Finite
It 's very beautiful I think .	1	Finite
Needs to go to $ 41 and then I will be happy .	10	Nonfinite
How will resources be allocated to care for the elderly , especially in slow - growing economies where existing public pension schemes and old - age health plans are patently unsustainable ?	28	Finite
After assuming absolute control over the country , he saw no further need for a legislature , and on October 12 , 1859 , he issued a decree formally abolishing the United States Congress .	25	Finite
I suppose we said many times we 'd come back when they got their independence .	8	Nonfinite
bit of a stupid question but do the spikes / spines ( whatever you call them ) on their side and face area ever go hard .	24	Nonfinite
What foods do you eat in Miramar ?	2	Finite
It would not be fair to disappear without telling her first .	6	Nonfinite
The atmosphere at the parties was what he thought it must have been at gatherings described in nineteenth-century Russian novels .	10	Finite
US and NATO military officers in Kabul say it is too early to say whether Bush ’s tough message was instrumental in persuading Musharraf and the ISI to pressure the Taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections .	9	Finite
it s great to know you can get great service , great product , and for the best price all in one !	1	Finite
We should be able to work with this .	2	Nonfinite
Because they had room to do 5000 , they created the larger amount , and shipped them early .	2	Finite
Do not put your fish tank close to the sun or algae grow in your tank .	2	Finite
We just moved to a town outside Philly a couple of months back so I 'm not an expert on the area .	2	Finite
But realizing this potential requires improving the business climate across the economy as a whole and within individual sectors – particularly by addressing the endemic corruption and weak rule of law that are deterring foreign and domestic investors alike .	32	Finite
I want to go to the cafeteria for vegetables .	1	Finite
We do not want to make the conditions of competition worse for some countries unilaterally and improve them for countries such as Austria or other transit countries .	1	Finite
And do n't even think about asking to speak to the manager because this guy is , and pardon my French , a jerk .	18	Finite
Hopefully , if we 're still dating come December , you and Chuck can meet him when you come back to visit .	7	Nonfinite
Pioneers were assigned numbers , which were included on all cheques , enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how much . )	6	Finite
The passionate beginning , the long openness and understanding between them should have meant that she would know what he wanted .	17	Nonfinite
But something about it seemed to call out to him – as if its unique destiny in the world was to hold the words that came from his pen .	6	Nonfinite
A ceramic bowl will work best , but plastic works too .	9	Finite
The latter date can only have fallen on a Friday if an exceptional leap month had been introduced that year , but this was favoured by Newton .	5	Nonfinite
It 's been around forever .	1	Finite
They may however be applied beyond the period specified in the first paragraph as long as these shortcomings persist .	18	Finite
Is it possible that you or somebody else in the HR department mark the vacation time ?	0	Finite
I also have back problems that transfer into my legs .	6	Finite
If your washing machine is worth its salt , it will undo those straps in a heartbeat and tie them in a sheet bend unless you prevent it .	10	Finite
International law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones , stands behind them and shoots with immunity and can not be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government .	24	Finite
As of today , we have not received payment in full as requested in Richard Sanders ' letter dated November 16 , 2000 .	5	Finite
Projects have to be carried out more efficiently , more flexibly and they have to be made more productive .	13	Finite
The only problem that I had in 2 years of living there was that the walls are pretty thin , sometimes I could here my neighbors conversations .	12	Finite
Your answer does n't do anything but remind me that I 'm going to be $ 25,000 in debt by the time I 'm 22 .	7	Nonfinite
This is called " bolting " and is more likely to happen when there 's extra sunshine .	11	Nonfinite
i wan na meet girls from san francisco i am from mexico ?	1	Finite
I would reccomend anyone to go see Jana Kueck and Robin Talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer .	19	Finite
" We are moving in the right direction : the Paris Agreement will slow climate change , as will the recent Kigali Amendment to reduce HFCs , " said Erik Solheim , head of UN Environment .	18	Finite
Arrogant people counteract this by creating an atmosphere that revolves around them , and get angry if they 're reminded of the real world .	9	Finite
3 Bludgers ( dodge balls , water balloons , wiffle balls etc. )	3	Nonfinite
I am amazed how the details get fuzzy on an old project .	1	Finite
They estimated by 2050 , increasing population and changing diet would increase world food needs by 50 percent .	11	Nonfinite
What do other Holga owners do when they need to change film when they are traveling ?	1	Finite
" I wonder if he 's praying for you . "	5	Finite
In the same way , he chose the three others to play the roles he destined for them .	15	Finite
And around and around it goes , shouted the boy , suddenly spreading his arms and spinning around the room like a gyroscope .	7	Finite
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	13	Finite
It was 4:50 when a friend told me to call Bud , he would take care of me .	6	Finite
The best part is I got my whole bathroom remodeled for about the same price the other company's were quoting just to fix the shower tile and fixtures .	3	Finite
For now , this is the list of countries for which we will probably need the FX and / or inflation curves .	14	Nonfinite
They do n't speak the best English but enough to get by .	3	Nonfinite
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of May 1 .	7	Finite
Wave 1 race — rather than , say , Wave 3 race — was used to preserve case counts .	7	Nonfinite
Knowledge is power and wikiHow has the potential to make all of us a bit more powerful .	5	Finite
the company is Arco Products , adn their comments are on the attached file .	2	Finite
Perhaps Jim Armogida can assist in revising them as I am sure he is more familiar with the way Enron Corp. likes their resolutions drafted than we are .	27	Finite
Questions Nos 60 to 111 will therefore receive written answers .	5	Finite
It was now past five o'clock .	1	Finite
Saintsbury points out that " Cœlebs cannot talk of [ marriage ] with much authority .	7	Nonfinite
I bought a beginner s quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts .	14	Finite
Now get 6 U.S. $ 1.00 bills and place ONE inside of EACH of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope ( to prevent thievery ) .	1	Finite
You may want to get a temporary phone for your trip to Canada .	4	Nonfinite
A youthful black official at passport control said uncertainly , Just a minute .	7	Finite
When victims and witnesses speak up , at least sometimes a child is protected , the truth is exposed , and justice is done .	17	Finite
Cats that spend time outdoors are more likely to hunt to find their own food and may track down that mouse .	2	Finite
The salespeople are never available , the lines are always too long , and all the people want is a sale .	18	Finite
That is the problem : you can not comment on things that you have not read .	6	Finite
In retrospect , I think we probably should have selected the CC BY-SA license instead of CC-BY-SA-NC .	7	Finite
The Onion has a different creative process where we are not trying to hit everything in the 24 hours and on the same notes .	9	Finite
You will see in the image if there is dirt as that will be the only thing in focus	1	Finite
3 ) also want an island where I can do fun activities , rainforest is a must	8	Finite
We go through a number of drafts and then have the editors pick it up and assign the photojournalism aspect of it to our graphic design team , who adds the visual aspect to it .	12	Nonfinite
The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming , and makes me more grateful for the blessings I have .	5	Nonfinite
If you are not the intended recipient , you must not read , use or disseminate the information .	11	Nonfinite
we will not go over Global 's piece of the Cargill line ...	3	Nonfinite
Also , an independent who does not claim to belong to either camp , Edward Yiu of the Architectural , Surveying , Planning and Landscape constituency , defeated his opponents and was elected .	31	Finite
you will need to give him only a small place to explore , so he can make it his territory , and feel safe there .	1	Finite
My parents do not like me , They constantly reassure me that they will throw me out of home when I turn 18 .	4	Nonfinite
i do nt know what it is , but since a very young age i have had a strange but very gratifying urge to torture or maime animals .	26	Nonfinite
The inscription on it was fading away , so I should set it down here as it was then , and ask my readers to ponder it :	17	Finite
These amendments deal with the social economy and the need to provide social risk capital and support financially local schemes to develop employment opportunities and strengthen social cohesion .	21	Nonfinite
And the salsa , be sure to ask for a jar and have plenty of chips around , you will need them .....	7	Nonfinite
Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress , Risk 2001 Australia , which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001 .	18	Nonfinite
As the American public gradually wearies of the Iraq crisis , some have begun worrying that the war could blow back on the US by creating the conditions for anti-American terrorism .	18	Finite
Even though they might not be the best way to get around the island , a ride on the bus is still an experience you should not miss .	3	Finite
Any programs that you use please list :) Thx	4	Finite
We all know that John Kerry served in Vietnam .	6	Finite
It means they 've gone too far .	3	Finite
The interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections , but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 ( or so ) balloting centres .	9	Nonfinite
If you do not have any religious beliefs , or are for another reason unwilling to appeal to your patron deity , skip this step .	10	Finite
But I can see that the big current of his suffering has begun to run heavily .	14	Nonfinite
We need to change the lock and place posted signs at the gate .	1	Finite
Hmmm ... A person can not call a company , if you have no idea its name ( since the designer is unknown ... SUPPOSEDLY ) , and order a gown without a dress name or style number .	12	Finite
Game tonight at 7 , it 's time to kick some ass .	9	Nonfinite
If you want to make the audience laugh , your punchline needs to be surprising .	2	Finite
The requirement to amend the operational process and OBSF IT code as a result of the current renegotiation of the OBSF with Barclays ( and AA ) .	3	Nonfinite
When you see flower buds , pinch them and two pairs of leaves under them off .	6	Nonfinite
Twitter gave Mohamed the option to come to their company for an internship .	6	Nonfinite
I called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told " This is a Days Inn , not the Hilton " and the receptionist then hung up on me .	32	Finite
Four whole months , after which he took advantage of a little - known , little - invoked regulation that allowed him to desert his " band of brothers " .	20	Finite
Exile is the longest lasting and most authentic punk store in Richmond !	1	Finite
Take the quinoa off the heat and let stand , covered , for 5 minutes .	8	Nonfinite
Two Australians , who by their own admission are terrible golfers , bluffed their way into a premier golf tournament in North Korea .	8	Finite
He seemed to understand how important it was for us to make sure the whole house was sprayed so he took his time .	3	Nonfinite
they look like they were doberman pinchers who were shrunk .	4	Finite
Unlike an opossum , the chicken gives an unconvincing act , as it continues to blink and breathe in an obvious way . "	17	Nonfinite
if you had any pics of your hens i would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks ?	15	Nonfinite
How could we make it settle in a new house .	5	Nonfinite
Please find attached Credit 's EOL responses for 3/9/00 .	1	Finite
In every case , it will require African policymakers to start recognizing women farmers as the essential economic partners that they are .	10	Nonfinite
Hey guys , take Monday off !	3	Finite
All arguments that the Bush administration would be insane to attack Iran and risk a global conflagration for the sake of political cover run into one unavoidable truth .	10	Nonfinite
They had a great selection of colors to choose from and their seats are super comfty .	13	Finite
Users with an Office 2002 license can also create , design , and modify components in a design environment such as Microsoft FrontPage or Microsoft Access .	13	Nonfinite
As you can see it will take someone with some very good skills in organizing and interpersonal relationships .	2	Finite
$ 101 m - Amount Lay made from selling his Enron shares just before the company went bankrupt .	6	Finite
How do you come to an understanding to make peace possible ?	1	Finite
Scholars find evidence both for and against Shakespeare 's Catholicism in his plays , but the truth may be impossible to prove either way .	17	Finite
We are still trying to figure out some of the cash traders .	5	Nonfinite
It might have been connected with the philanthropic desire of giving the criminals something to do .	1	Finite
It was upward of thirty days before I saw the mouth of the big river .	8	Finite
Avai'o'vuna Swamp is a small coastal wetland on the island .	2	Finite
I 'll be sure to come back .	1	Finite
My Group will therefore support the common position and looks forward to the enactment of the legislation which will provide us with yet another tool in our fight to make transport in the European Union as safe as possible .	9	Finite
But you 're crazy , said Wentz gently .	2	Finite
She is important to Africa 's future not only because she is a farmer , but also because she is a woman .	19	Finite
Try to ensure there is an al dente bite to the germ , in the same way as pasta .	2	Nonfinite
also i was wondering , is it true that the bigger the speakers are the better .	13	Finite
I highly recommend that you do not use coiled / compact UVB bulbs as they are known to cause severe eye damage and / or blindness in reptiles not to mention they have trouble maintaining UVB output over time .	18	Nonfinite
Shows Each night there are a variety of shows .	4	Finite
What is the most interesting place to see in South Korea ?	7	Nonfinite
In the sixth floor music room , deep circular niches are found in the walls , having not only aesthetic value , but also acoustic .	10	Finite
We are obliged to participate in drafting Directives and also in assessing their results .	4	Nonfinite
Once he is more comfy with his surroundings , then you can start handling him and getting to know each other more .	12	Nonfinite
There was no need to open the big shutter to see .	5	Nonfinite
So , no it is not as good as Dubai , but it s quieter and more peaceful , and you can still go to Dubai in 45 mins .	13	Finite
Stapled to the pen was a little white paper flag , one side of which read : This good article is the Courtesy of a DEAF MUTE .	15	Finite
Fast forward to 2016 and this is increasingly worthy of attention .	6	Finite
Additional resources are being allocated and the situation is being closely monitored ( both for quarter end signoff and on going operations ) .	2	Finite
Please let us know if you need a change so that the deals will bridge with the correct books .	14	Nonfinite
He is gant looking in his flank area and is losing topline muscle .	9	Finite
In this time visitors will come to the house , pay their respects to the desisted and their family and have a couple of cups of tea with a sandwich or a bun .	5	Nonfinite
" Are you ashamed of her ? "	1	Finite
I 'll get you the announcement .	1	Finite
Are you an alienist ? I interrupted .	0	Finite
And can anyone use military pressure without proof ?	3	Nonfinite
Hope I helped :)	2	Finite
You will also have to be wary of mold forming on any toys or hide - aways he may have .	18	Finite
If the negotiations stall , it seems like I need to go ahead and cut off the utilities .	6	Finite
Has that gone anywhere or are the other possibilities you had better ?	10	Finite
The election elects 70 members of the Legislative Council .	2	Finite
All the outside participants will be prompted to enter their access code , which is 600-480 .	8	Nonfinite
I had been a patient of Dr. Olbina for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on crowns etc .	1	Finite
Miramar California is a bit north of San Diego .	2	Finite
On March 13 , Professor Chomsky sat down with Michael Dranove for an interview in his MIT office in Cambridge , Massachusetts .	6	Finite
If so , are we ready to execute ?	7	Nonfinite
In that same year he became interim pastor of Calvary Church of Santa Ana , California following the resignation of its founding pastor .	5	Finite
As the car rattled through the park toward the West Side , Quinn looked out the window and wondered if these were the same trees that Peter Stillman saw when he walked out into the air and the light .	28	Finite
It shall promote understanding , tolerance and friendship among all nations , racial or religious groups , and shall further the activities of the United Nations for the maintenance of peace .	18	Finite
Try google to find the title if you would like to read it .	3	Nonfinite
And he says : You 're at Warwick in Pennsylvania ?	5	Finite
Not only did they answer the phone at 4:50 on a Thursday , they hit the ground moving !.	14	Finite
Police in the Indian capital Delhi say they have arrested the suspected co-ordinator and financier of last month 's deadly bomb blasts in the city .	8	Finite
He did n't take a dislike to the kids for " no " reason !	1	Finite
( Kut is in southeastern Iraq and has an overwhelmingly Shiite population , who are on the lookout for Baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .	7	Finite
And the family will never set Dobby free .	3	Finite
He 'd also like to see greater enforcement and investigative powers for the Real Estate Council of Ontario ( RECO ) , which regulates agents in the province .	5	Nonfinite
" That 's why he did the Campbell Soup cans or the Marilyn pictures , these iconic products of American culture whether they be in film , video or actually products we consumed .	23	Finite
You do n't need flying broomsticks or magic balls to play this version of the game - it 's tailor-made for muggles like us .	18	Finite
We look to the Commission also to ensure that there is matched funding for projects .	7	Nonfinite
Voting has , in the vernacular of terror , become the new soft target .	1	Finite
I do n't believe that folks who believe that America is the land of opportunity will change their views from this recent news .	7	Finite
And , I can say , this was one of my favorite places to eat in all of Richmond .	3	Finite
But the arrogant person is usually more than happy to show their cruel side to those that they do n't like .	4	Finite
If you have any questions please call me on x34703	2	Finite
THIS IS NOT A SCAM !!!	1	Finite
measure size for platform , draw lines and mark sections , measure out wall sections and height ,	0	Nonfinite
I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .	7	Finite
Your passport needs to be valid at least six months past the end of your planned return .	4	Nonfinite
However , the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list .	24	Nonfinite
Broad sections of the population having access to these new forms of knowledge and learning is something we should very much welcome .	15	Finite
Very affordable ( do n't call it cheap ) and their trimmers were quick and courteous when I got home from work .	5	Nonfinite
This deviation shows that Eco definitely has a significant amount of option value which can be exploited with quick reactions and favourable market movements .	15	Nonfinite
some parents would not eat there fish till a certain age jack dempsey for example would not eat there offspring till they mature but i would move the baby fish into a smaller tank and feed them flakes	26	Nonfinite
In 1820 Balzac completed the five - act verse tragedy Cromwell .	3	Finite
You want to merge your mind with the greater universal Mind that surrounds you .	1	Finite
The beating that these countries ' currencies have taken as the US Federal Reserve begins to tighten monetary policy is just the start ;	7	Finite
It was a great deal -- we paid a certain amount per person , and my husband and I chose 4 types of pizza and the servers brought out as much as we wanted .	7	Finite
My group , the Liberal group , is presently focusing its attention on non-European Union nationals .	7	Finite
Are you deducting all operating expenses from the value of the option ?	0	Finite
Would it be possible , he wondered , to stand up before the world and with the utmost conviction spew out lies and nonsense ?	9	Nonfinite
Is there some specific concern that we can address ?	8	Nonfinite
The ability to smile and eat again can only be described as a whole new lease on life .	7	Finite
6 - Number of months before 11 September that Cheney 's Energy Task Force investigated Iraq 's oil reserves .	14	Finite
Those currently listed as invitees are PUCT Commissioners and Ercot 's Sam Jones and Tom Noel .	5	Finite
Please let me know how your organization can help the Enron employees feel safer about the safeguard of their SS number .	1	Finite
Make sure the shelter box has no nails or safety hazards .	5	Finite
The world was outside of him , around him , before him , and the speed with which it kept changing made it impossible for him to dwell on any one thing for very long .	2	Finite
It is a competition , and YOU will be competing with hundreds of thousands of others , from all over the world , for a place in the line up .	1	Finite
The hardest thing in running this business , which is why people ca n't do it , is the relationship that my wife has with the gals and with the customers .	9	Finite
Shakespeare has been commemorated in many statues and memorials around the world , including funeral monuments in Southwark Cathedral and Poets ' Corner in Westminster Abbey .	1	Finite
The air was soon thick with flying gnomes .	2	Finite
He has said that the Iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes needed to weaponize anthrax .	6	Finite
Also , do n't forget to try out Korea 's famous amusement parks ! : Lotte World , Everland , and Carribbean Bay !	2	Finite
Friday is a bad day ( Performance Review Committee all day ) .	1	Finite
If you have any questions please feel free to call me ( after Sat. the 26th , when I will return from a trip ) .	19	Finite
It was one of the worst World Cups we 've played actually .	9	Finite
In the end , his health fails and he is consumed by his own confusion .	9	Finite
If you know someone who might fit the bill ask them to contact me and / or send me their resume .	17	Nonfinite
My breyers need stables or barns though ..... and I need directions and materials on how to make them .	2	Finite
They want to go , they 're longing to , you can see they ca n't stand the sight of your face when you 're working together ... which makes things very pleasant , you can imagine ...	12	Nonfinite
But the fact is , it 's not a joke .	6	Finite
However , there will be very heavy rains and flooding along its path .	3	Finite
We have some people who are great at politics ; some people we give all the war stuff to ; someone who is in charge of the Britney Spears story of the week — the entertainment stories .	13	Finite
When I inquired he rudely replied " in the morning when things are checked out you 'll get it back . "	2	Finite
WHAT : Copies of the filed complaint will be made available at that time .	8	Nonfinite
It emerged from the hearing that the sulphur content , in particular , of both petrol and diesel could be much lower .	18	Finite
In Vietnam , when a baby was born , they must be named " first name " according to that of their fathers .	6	Finite
Sunlight was cut off , and fungi inherited the Earth .	1	Finite
maybe buy him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up	6	Finite
The smell is simply too intense for rodents and they will not try to go near it .	12	Nonfinite
Additional printed copies should be available within the next day or so and I will make them available to all of you - just let me know how many copies you need .	4	Nonfinite
There is an old saying that applies in this situation : " Act in haste , repent at leisure . "	16	Nonfinite
I was asked by the officers , in their inimitably dumb way , whether I knew the writer Günter de Bruyn and whether we are intellectual relatives .	15	Finite
He put the empty bowl back on the floor next to the cat-flap and lay back down on the bed , somehow even hungrier than he had been before the soup .	14	Finite
Wilkins explained Warhol 's obsession with celebrities began when he first collected head shots as a kid and continued as a passion throughout his life .	7	Finite
See	0	Nonfinite
It is next to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to Sacre Coeur which is excellent for shopping .	16	Finite
There was silence and then he heard that there were voices in the silence droning somewhere , breaking off for breath , laughing – not softly , but softened by being almost out of earshot .	9	Finite
And not to belittle the process of creating the standards , the tough part ( and the real meat behind this ) will be an effective exception report on a global basis against these standards .	23	Nonfinite
I was sold a phone by a friend and sent it off to get it recycled what can i do ?	1	Finite
Microsoft Access provides ways to both import and export XML data as well as transform the data to and from other formats using XML related files .	8	Nonfinite
Sometimes there was gunfire outside and we jumped , even Mam on the bed .	7	Finite
Now that Sibley is not a candidate for Lt. Governor , there is more freedom to open up and ask some difficult questions .	19	Nonfinite
When you see the first green tendrils push up through the soil , it 's time to remove the plastic wrap .	17	Nonfinite
" The US does not dictate what happens at the IMF , but it does have a disproportionate influence .	15	Nonfinite
It was not until he had his hand on the doorknob that he began to suspect what he was doing .	5	Finite
The association that represents real estate agents in Ontario says more needs to be done to protect consumers and punish agents found to have engaged in unethical behaviour .	11	Finite
This attitude is particularly prevalent in India , which recently put trade negotiations with the EU on hold , and it was central to the failure of the Doha Round of global trade talks .	21	Finite
I would like to draw people 's attention to Amendments Nos 1 and 2 which were agreed by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs but not accepted by the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .	2	Nonfinite
Apparently Russians are all inclined to see us in this way .	6	Nonfinite
It will help them take care of you . ”	4	Nonfinite
The " Federal Eagle " stamp used in the anthrax mailings was a blue - green .	11	Finite
Shake every 15 minutes .	0	Nonfinite
Working with a timer is generally regarded by most experts as being one of the best ways to develop self-discipline and stop procrastination .	4	Finite
That the Iraqi Islamic Party is now contemplating leaving the Allawi government raises the question of whether a mass Sunni Arab boycott of the elections is in the offing , thus fatally weakening the legitimacy of any new government .	5	Finite
What your morning paper did not tell you , however , was that the CIA seized a similar disc from Ayman Zawahiri 's right - hand , Ahmed Salama Mabruk , 5 years earlier .	6	Nonfinite
All you need to do is place your favorite combination of Skittles candies into a glass or bottle of vodka and wait for it to infuse .	6	Nonfinite
Finally , the amendment tabled by the rapporteur is perfectly logical and I can , therefore , give it my wholehearted support .	17	Nonfinite
A lot of people , mostly black and naked , moved about like ants .	10	Finite
I typically have work done on my Jeep at the dealership , but it is 6 years old now and getting charged dealership prices just did n't seem cost effective anymore .	14	Finite
I left a voicemail for Sharon Butcher , as well , just to make sure it is handled .	1	Finite
The previous general legislative election in Hong Kong was before the 2014 protests .	8	Finite
Of THESE three , it 's a toss - up between Royal and Carnival .	5	Finite
So you can pretty much get whatever deal you want anytime .	5	Nonfinite
It represents a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely human .	12	Finite
One option is to toast the quinoa before placing in the rice cooker .	2	Finite
i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice , and in used gerbil bedding .	1	Finite
He says , " This I never heard of .	1	Finite
They also have the best tea I ever had , not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores , I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .	31	Finite
We also own two chickens that are kept in a run behind out garage / barn thing .	6	Finite
It is heartbreaking to try to bring a horse back and then have to put it down , but some horses are worth the risk .	12	Finite
It has lots of local boutiques and a diverse range of food at all prices and styles .	1	Finite
Already I 'm considering future projects , and I can assure you that for my printing needs I will be choosing no other than Atlanta Paperback Book Printing .	10	Nonfinite
A page that uses a Microsoft Office PivotTable Component	3	Finite
It appears you missed some cpys on the referenced list because Tom had the freeze panel button on , and you probably did n't see them at first .	24	Nonfinite
Roly was a bachelor and his house was the particular mixture of tranquil luxury and unchangeable dreariness that is a condition of households where white men live indulged in the sole charge of black male servants .	7	Finite
President George W Bush , who has cut his holiday two days short , has called on Americans to donate to the Red Cross or other organisations .	19	Nonfinite
Very briefly , I would like to thank the various Members for their interventions and to tell you that safety is one of the Commission 's priorities in the field of transport .	7	Nonfinite
He is trapped by the Abbé Herrera ( Vautrin ) in a convoluted and disastrous plan to regain social status .	1	Finite
Here 's a great vegan cupcake recipe to use as a base for whatever flavored icing you want to add to it .	19	Nonfinite
" Will they print it ? " she asked .	1	Finite
There is no easy answer to the painful issue of abortion .	1	Finite
You do realise it is quite expensive to visit Ireland ?	2	Nonfinite
However , this difference may need to be adjusted for following a final review and signoff of system p&l values with traders .	7	Nonfinite
If wikiHow volunteers think our site is going in the wrong direction , they can take all the content and all the software and move the project elsewhere .	24	Nonfinite
I came in to get a nice gift for my wife .	1	Finite
We do n't want to condition the acceptance of one project on the performance of another project .	1	Finite
Tape is cheap .	1	Finite
I can meet around 10:00 .	2	Nonfinite
Day three , I was back on the EMicro .	4	Finite
I should have asked then but i did n't the only line i remember is de lunde bar .. or something like that .. does anybody know which song i am talking about ?	14	Finite
The above rights include the right to make such modifications as are technically necessary to exercise the rights in other media and formats .	3	Finite
FYI , see below .	2	Finite
He never once contacted us .	3	Finite
What your morning paper did not tell you , however , was that the CIA seized a similar disc from Ayman Zawahiri 's right - hand , Ahmed Salama Mabruk , 5 years earlier .	15	Finite
The exaggeration can be slight or considerable —	2	Finite
Secondly , we should not allow this to be postponed indefinitely , and we should not introduce provisions restricted to physical persons .	14	Finite
Yes , GCP provides the links to establish the correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems .	3	Finite
Sometimes I make them more pretty then they were actually .	8	Finite
I know you must be going nuts with all the events , so I have not called .	14	Finite
' I have a little theory which you Messieurs who go out there must help me to prove .	10	Finite
I 'll still be here in Boston so we 'd do it over the phone .	10	Nonfinite
Uncle Vernon might still have been able to make his deal – if it had n't been for the owl .	8	Nonfinite
The Al - Bu Nimr in Ramadi and Al - Qaim rose in arms against Saddam in the mid-nineties following the execution of Thamir Madhlum Al - Dulaymi , an Air Force general belonging to their tribe .	11	Finite
Again , it was a good chance for me to get to know what I can do in this field and what I have to more focus on in school .	26	Nonfinite
He walks the next guy to load them up .	6	Nonfinite
When I was a little girl , he did that often , and called me Muscles .	2	Finite
The moment he had finished , Aunt Petunia whisked away his plate .	8	Finite
I called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates , they were n't the cheapest I found but very reasonable .	10	Nonfinite
The Canadian investigator of the plane crash Larry Vance told SPIEGEL that he is convinced that one of the pilots had intended to land the machine on the ocean surface - so that it would sink .	9	Finite
Your best bet would just be a swiffer duster -- they do n't require cleaner .	11	Finite
Rebecca Edwards had just told Neil Bayley that Felix Pasilis , the Pettigrews ' Greek friend , was furious with her because she 'd forgotten some essential herb that he wanted for his sheep ...	17	Finite
I 'm sure that you can find some hotels that are running in the christchurch area , but if not then there would be some in close by towns .	10	Finite
This means the experimenter does n't know which ants belong to which treatment , so it 's impossible to influence the results with ' observer bias ' .	19	Nonfinite
If you must use a cleaner , pledge should be fine if the area that you keep your parakeet in is well ventilated .	9	Nonfinite
He 's great !	1	Finite
Guerrillas threatened to assassinate Prime Minister Iyad Allawi and Minister of Defense Hazem Shaalan in retaliation for the attack .	3	Nonfinite
Here are two examples : janesmith@paulhastings.com and danjones@paulhastings.com .	1	Finite
No silverware , asked for a spoon for my son s mac and cheese ended up having to use my tea spoon .	18	Nonfinite
Response : The US must do whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of the Pakistani government .	4	Finite
Fred and George climbed carefully through the window into Harry 's room .	3	Finite
Nina Chahine , 19 , who with her family was among the named plaintiffs in the lawsuit , said her wedding in the southern city of Tyre was set for July 13 .	27	Finite
I do n't steal , I was n't acting suspiciously .	3	Nonfinite
" I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , " Baird said .	2	Finite
If your cat is not trained to use the litter pan , you may have a problem taking her .	14	Nonfinite
Great place to catch a band or catch up with friends .	3	Nonfinite
While Schauble 's strategy may sound appealing , it is , at best , the symbolic garb of progress .	5	Nonfinite
Its implementation would certainly require extending the scope of redistribution instruments such as the Structural Funds .	2	Finite
As it moves over land , it is cut off from the source of energy driving the storm [ which is ] the evaporation of water from the warm sea surface ;	20	Finite
The interim Governing Council issued a communique saying , " It is a proof of the emptiness of the Israeli authority and a destruction of the peace endeavors in the region . . .	4	Finite
It is likely that the shock will dislocate or break both your arms ;	6	Finite
This right to fork guarantees that wikiHow , the company , will always serve the goal of the mission and our volunteer community .	3	Nonfinite
But your cat is passing a LOT of urine , and this is bad .	3	Finite
After tomorrow , I will no longer have access to the estate files .	7	Nonfinite
look up fumarase deficiency for more info .	0	Finite
What do you think of these photos ?	3	Nonfinite
Abby is our beloved friend , and we are trying to raise money for her any way we can , so this prize money is important to help her continue to receive her life - saving treatments .	8	Finite
If a schema is specified while exporting from Access , then the XML documents created are considered to be valid XML documents .	3	Finite
If you want miracles you 'll have to go to 21st St .	8	Nonfinite
There is a very good book on the subject that was written by General Vo Nguyen Giap .	1	Finite
And this is what America , bubbling with political illusions , is up against .	11	Finite
At no time during the conversation did the words , " I 'm sorry " ever come out of his mouth .	16	Nonfinite
Here is a list of the risk people that will be with the estate .	10	Nonfinite
The new iron guidelines mean more donors are needed .	7	Finite
I do n't want to waste my time on routes set for children , but I do n't want to take on something I ca n't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion .	1	Finite
Note	0	Finite
In Access , you can export the data , the schema ( data structure ) , or both , to XML files .	5	Nonfinite
The process of increasing safety margins and safety guarantees in transport is a process which must be improved day by day .	16	Nonfinite
Those who 've never heard of this will be amazed to see a chicken lie perfectly still after these instructions are followed .	7	Finite
Find attached resume and cover letter .	0	Finite
they use them to look prickly .. would you try to eat a cactus [ if u had no knife ] i know i would nt .	17	Finite
Enjoy your holidays !	0	Finite
It ’s easy to annoy people when you are cramped in such a small , tight space .	8	Finite
People got killed there .	1	Finite
the attitude of some staff is terrible , did not solve anything only say i can do nothing .	16	Nonfinite
And she offered him the flowerpot .	2	Finite
Citizens take their right to petition seriously .	1	Finite
Many Taliban living in Afghanistan voted for President Karzai .	5	Finite
You can select the proper route and travel plans by consulting the agents prior to the booking ........	1	Finite
" We believe the action we took addressed a severe concern , '' Robinson said .	14	Finite
The committee voted to give NASA $ 16.4 billion in 2005 , about $ 200 million more than what the President requested and over $ 1 billion more than what House appropriators approved in July . "	2	Finite
For horses that are strong pullers .	3	Finite
Balzac never lost his penchant for une bonne spéculation .	2	Finite
For many of us , this includes small chores , like taking out the trash or pulling a few weeds , but can include simple tasks in all areas of life .	23	Nonfinite
But , while Marx 's belief that capital and labor were substitutes , not complements , was a mistake in his own age , and for more than a century to follow , it may not be a mistake today .	10	Finite
The United States truly no longer has time for faulty analysis or politically - based preconceptions .	6	Finite
Yeah they ruined some shirts I had too .	2	Finite
Once he has properly settled down , got use to the new smells and noises he will be fine .	16	Finite
different generations , the donatello is of a boy david as a young sheep Herder , the Michelangelo is the grown up man david as slayer and king	18	Finite
If you mention the name Amir you will receive % 10 off at time of purchase	8	Nonfinite
Balzac was buried at the Cimetière du Père Lachaise in Paris .	1	Finite
My concept is that over time I would like to own one of all the following artists and they are all depending when I find something that we really like .	7	Finite
The husband of the current candidate for the White House , Hillary Clinton , pardoned a number of people , also including Rich , on the last day of his presidency , January 20 , 2001 .	14	Finite
She turned and walked back into the house and Harry , after a nervous glance at Ron , who nodded encouragingly , followed her .	22	Finite
I could n't possibly accept it .	1	Finite
It was a very practical salesman approach to his work .	1	Finite
It is never over , especially when a real solution , a real treatment for our sickness , is yet to begin .	21	Nonfinite
EDIT : How did I know ...	5	Nonfinite
his clinic is very very dirty he is a real disaster to go totally not organized for every step he take .	7	Finite
To unsubscribe ( or subscribe if this message was forwarded to you ) go to : http://www.bbc.co.uk/email	13	Finite
I 'm still trying to find out what it will take to move gas on and ENA tabs agreement .	9	Finite
Can a policeman open fire on someone trying to kill him ?	3	Nonfinite
The European Union 's economic interests in Hong-Kong are both large in scale and deep-rooted .	8	Finite
Brass has an even higher melting point than bronze and I would think your charcoal just does n't get hot enough .	1	Finite
I think you will be pleased .	1	Finite
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .	3	Finite
Peggy Banczak is the ENA lawyer who handles Mexico .	2	Finite
In case of an earthquake , stay under a sturdy table and do n't go outside as possible debris will fall .	20	Nonfinite
These have been sighted among Iraqi crowds on Haifa Street in Baghdad and in Samarra .	1	Finite
The other Canadian recipient of the medal was Ronald Joseph Crawford , 42 , of Hamilton , who was killed Aug. 4 , 2002 , while trying to defend a Hamilton sandwich shop owner from a robber wielding a knife .	18	Finite
If I found a spot , I could nt fit in it .	9	Nonfinite
If someone wanted to re-record a chapter because they did n't like the speaker , would you then offer two versions ?	11	Nonfinite
Do n't they understand English ?	0	Finite
Please help i m worried about him !!!	1	Finite
Let us hope , therefore , that the proposals of the Commission will be sufficient to make sure this job will be done effectively .	12	Finite
Do n't take that deal out until I look at it .	8	Finite
It contained 36 texts , including 18 printed for the first time .	7	Finite
Meanwhile , additional controls of the Nile fostered development within Gezira Island and along the city 's waterfront .	7	Finite
A large number of them are Bangladeshis , who like millions of their countrymen have left their densely populated homeland to settle elsewhere .	5	Finite
They say , " You know what you smell ? " .	1	Finite
Well one of the first things he did was to back down on the promise of not expanding NATO to the east .	10	Nonfinite
With each breath , feel the muscles in your body becoming lighter and lighter , and also your external motor and sensory organs are feeling like they are withdrawing from the world into a special inner quietness .	27	Finite
We believe it addresses many of the issues and concerns you have raised in the workshops .	1	Finite
HOWEVER : you will pay as if there are 2 people in the cabin , even if it is just you .	4	Nonfinite
They say you can be Muslim and modern .	3	Finite
How did you first hear about the definition of the santorum neologism that grew out of the contest from the Savage Love advice column ?	4	Nonfinite
We do n't need another incident as exploring the cosmos is something that keeps our imagination going as a species .	3	Nonfinite
Sussexs have soft feathers .	1	Finite
He was a seaman , but he was a wanderer , too , while most seamen lead , if one may so express it , a sedentary life .	16	Finite
The system was simple , direct , and worked well , even with previously untrained pilots .	8	Finite
Notwithstanding this , public procurement procedures initiated after accession shall be carried out in accordance with the relevant Union provisions .	9	Finite
Remember when a whole lot of people had to die because a Swedish newspaper printed those cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed ?	14	Finite
With Bush , the aggressive militarism of the Bush administration , as predicted , induced Russia to extend further its offensive military capacity ; it ’s still going on right now .	17	Nonfinite
He used incidents from his life and the people around him , in works like Eugénie Grandet and Louis Lambert .	1	Finite
A sender purporting to be islamist sent cyanide in both early 2002 and early 2003 in New Zealand and ingredients of nerve gas in Belgium in 2003 .	6	Finite
Both students of Goffredo Petrassi , Ennio Morricone and Bruno Nicolai met at the Santa ( Saint ) Cecelia conservatory .	11	Finite
We mixed different concentrations of ROS with the spores , plated them out on petridishes with an agar-solution where fungus can grow on .	10	Finite
he will feel much safer in that one room , than in a huge unknown house .	2	Nonfinite
Heather moving in has been a different story .	3	Finite
What kind of Meal do peopel in Argentina have ?	8	Nonfinite
and will these antibiotics help ?	1	Finite
They are currently working on a bid ( due 1/31 ) for the Medusa project which involves Murphy ( operator ) , Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks # 538 and # 582 .	1	Finite
What representation did the Commissioner receive from the United Kingdom Government about this dire emergency ?	2	Finite
I 'm sorry he makes me want to puke so I shut him off .	6	Nonfinite
As he walked , Stillman did not look up .	7	Nonfinite
If this is a solo jump , which constitutes the minority of skydivers , your only recourse is to ensure that at least one of your own chutes opens .	19	Nonfinite
His small nose showed unexpectedly beaky now that the skin had sunk on either side .	3	Finite
This is what I would say if I did answer her :	4	Finite
on the side is a waste - leave it on the bottom .	7	Finite
Anyway , I 'm sure my Mom told you guys but Travis and Kathy got to meet him and I think it went well .	22	Finite
A PivotTable list is an interactive table that you can use to analyze data dynamically from within a Web browser .	10	Nonfinite
I chose the later , but approached the front desk about the hotel policy to push over their responsibilities on local authorities , not to mention the good night s sleep i paid for but did nt get .	35	Finite
You can find fodder lots of places — from your life , joke files online , by repurposing jokes you ’ve heard in the past , and so on .	1	Finite
Joke-telling is one of the best ways to ease tension , make a new friend , or light up a room .	17	Nonfinite
Removes wrinkles .	0	Finite
Pioneers were assigned numbers , which were included on all cheques , enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how much . )	1	Finite
You could look at yourself , turning to catch different angles and say “ All right , all right , now we ’re talking , ” very loudly .	8	Nonfinite
And wondering whether people will talk freely ?	5	Nonfinite
I 'm you , and you 're me .	6	Finite
I am going to try and study aboard but idk where I can go I can not decide where do you think would be the best place to go ?	1	Finite
I shopped it around and they were extremely competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my tires which should extend the life and get me better gas mileage .	6	Finite
Let him go at his own pace , do n't rush with him , and never ever resort to physical violence with your bird .	8	Finite
Although disability is not contagious , interest in disabled sports might put into question the masculinity of the males following it .	11	Nonfinite
The local rum distilleries offer tours ( check for opening times as they may very from season to season ) which are certainly worth the while since rum production is a very integral part of Guadeloupe 's economy .	4	Finite
Please do me a favour and give me the subject price for Jan , Feb , Mar and Apr 2001 .	6	Nonfinite
" Go back to Stromboli , you dumb bastard , " he said .	12	Finite
" While we do n't have anything specific to announce today , Google and the Wikimedia Foundation are collaboratively evaluating creative ways to support Wikipedia.org and its community . "	5	Nonfinite
There was not one ounce of caring involved and anyone I can warn about the complete lack of service will be warned .	20	Nonfinite
He obviously had no idea what he was talking about , though he demonstrated a number of ill - fated instincts .	13	Finite
What was the good of magicking himself out of his room if Hogwarts would expel him for doing it ?	13	Finite
If conditions are favorable ( 78 - 82 F ) and the fish are obviously well fed as yours are , they will spawn .	22	Finite
The measures you described could be improved and there are others which you did not mention .	13	Finite
You can then use your Skittles vodka to make brightly-colored cocktails or even serve it as a sugary shot !	3	Nonfinite
If you want to be sure , it is best to do both .	2	Finite
Like Iran , Syria 's military is nothing to scoff at .	6	Finite
There still is a very hot pursuit of the " Atta - level " Floridian , Adnan El Shukrijumah , who Siddiqui is thought to have known and been assisting .	2	Finite
He is delighted to be here , and he is suffering the one activates the other .	9	Finite
If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more minutes rather than bake them into rocks .	6	Nonfinite
The Saudis are beginning to understand it , but they fight the inner circles , while still financing the infrastructure at the outer circle .	10	Finite
No one will ever know whether the recent elections in Spain would have yielded a different result , if not for the train bombings a few days earlier .	11	Finite
I will walk outside and he will stand at the door and stare at me or run away .	16	Nonfinite
We always seem to have just a little bit of a chill out at the World Cup .	4	Nonfinite
When the fence was first installed I would have given them five stars , now for their poor customer follow - up and unwillingness to fix the fence they have dropped to a one - star in my opinion !	8	Nonfinite
It may also be privileged or otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal rules .	1	Finite
why will hav to pay customs if it is a gift ... ??	1	Finite
I came in 30 min before close and the staff was super helpful .	1	Finite
A settlement on the area of present-day Łódź was established in the 14th century and in 1423 it was granted a town charter , along with the right to have a marketplace .	8	Finite
I had John and Dustin working feverishly to get my exhaust motor replaced .	1	Finite
He had gotten his hair cut , trimmed his nails , washed his neck and behind his ears .	1	Finite
Therefore , if you are staying overnight in York and arriving by car , make sure that your hotel offers parking before you book .	4	Finite
Many students went to Rutgers , including their top - ranked pharmacy program .	2	Finite
The Palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank were not driven by economic considerations .	3	Finite
I would ask that they reconsider , since this is not the case .	5	Finite
Usually they blow dry it out and i have to wait until i wash it to see what it will look like in its natural state .	19	Finite
How much does it cost to buy a Big Mac meal in your area ?	4	Nonfinite
Preheat the oven to 180 oC / 350 oF .	0	Nonfinite
‘’ Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , ” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan ’s National Security Directorate .	27	Finite
They began to withhold power from California , and on Dec. 7 the ISO declared its first Stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts , which were narrowly averted .	14	Finite
Proposed alternative candidates include Francis Bacon , Christopher Marlowe , and Edward De Vere , 17 th earl of Oxford .	3	Finite
I will be in Houston on May 11th and would like to visit with you in early afternoon if possible .	12	Nonfinite
In the long run , only educate the next generation and open it to the world .	11	Nonfinite
If you enjoy amazing things , you must go to World 's Finest Donair .	2	Finite
You fancied you had seen things – but the seal was on .	1	Finite
Having enjoyed a career peak at home in Australia , Geyer returned to live in Los Angeles in 1984 to concentrate on breaking into the musical scene there .	20	Nonfinite
I was involved in a car accident 20 years ago and since then I 've been a nervous wreck and have n't been behind the wheel .	20	Finite
After that , what do we do ?	6	Nonfinite
....... the rest was history !	3	Finite
They took on the challenge of making my Ferrari all I dreamed of and more .	1	Finite
If you took some Olympic - level horses on a trail ride , they just could n't do it .	2	Finite
He might be sick take him to the vet to see	2	Nonfinite
Living in stimulating environments with new objects may also help .	7	Finite
If not , is there someone else that will ?	8	Finite
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium .	9	Nonfinite
The motel is very well maintained , and the managers are so accomodating , it 's kind of like visiting family each year ! ;-)	10	Finite
You can not set the SQL query mode new database default to ANSI-92 in 2000 file format because the option is disabled ;	3	Nonfinite
She flicked her wand casually at the washing-up in the sink , which began to clean itself , clinking gently in the background .	13	Finite
I have melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch ( much larger than the plumbers torch , but it can be run of those propane cylinders you can buy for a gas grill ) .	34	Nonfinite
When he had come to the end , he said , Do you think I 'm crazy ?	9	Finite
He was quite alone , but where he was , he had no idea .	11	Finite
Over the centuries some readers have posited that Shakespeare 's sonnets are autobiographical , and point to them as evidence of his love for a young man .	5	Finite
On the issue of the contracts , the draft says that the $ 170 m is paid when the EPC contract is signed .	15	Finite
They are professional , knowledgeable , and take meticulous care and pride in accomplishing their work .	7	Finite
He heard the sound of someone entering the room behind him .	1	Finite
YES I am sure , well , she says , is that ON 17th STREET .	10	Finite
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to give me a call .	6	Finite
I interrupted him again .	1	Finite
This transmittal and / or attachments may be a confidential attorney - client communication or may otherwise be privileged or confidential .	15	Finite
These wolf packs have flourished , and now there are an estimated 850 wolves roaming the northern Rockies , where merely 10 years ago there were none .	3	Finite
After that , it would be perfectly acceptable .	5	Nonfinite
The necessary report functionality should be available within the AS400 , however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical VBA / excel reports outside of the AS400 but using AS400 data downloads .	4	Finite
We order take out from here all the time and we are never disappointed .	11	Finite
I enjoyed my tour and i am looking for adventure tour and India heritage tours for valuable .	1	Finite
That granddaughter : her parents both worked in the vineyards , and when she was a child , she would play in my courtyard in the after-noons .	14	Finite
So , I am asking , will you take my fifteen dollars ? "	6	Finite
They may need foster homes for adult cats in different situations .. sick , recovering from surgery , need a little socialization , etc .	2	Nonfinite
This is what has held the Jews together for thousands of years .	1	Finite
I went to work the next day , turning , so to speak , my back on that station .	3	Nonfinite
It is always interesting what spin the press will take .	9	Nonfinite
To reserve one of these rooms , you must inform the Wyndham staff that you are part of the CAEM group .	15	Finite
We hope to execute this Agreement this week .	1	Finite
They DO NOT have a return policy and even if their product SUCKS , they will NOT take it back !	17	Nonfinite
Whenever you are presented with something that you do n’t want to do or would consider putting off , ask yourself , “ will this take me less than two minutes to finish ? ”	14	Finite
Cook the quinoa in the oven for roughly 20 minutes , or until most of the liquid is gone .	17	Finite
Run do n't walk .	3	Finite
This was confirmed by Virginia Stillman , whom Quinn called each night after returning home .	9	Finite
International law does not know how to deal with a leader of murderers who is royally and comfortably hosted by a country , which pretends to condemn his acts or just claims to be too weak to arrest him .	2	Finite
Once in a fever I heard thousands of birds outside my window and I was terrified that they would fling themselves through the glass and attack me , but it was only the rain on the eaves .	5	Finite
Hope you unde$tood the me$$age I do have an " S " key on my computer .	7	Nonfinite
However , after giving a required $ 500.00 ( NON REFUNDABLE ) deposit before seeing any plans or ideas , I was sorry I did .	21	Finite
A continuous noise of the rapids above hovered over this scene of inhabited devastation .	7	Finite
I am looking for people who would like to play D & D 3.5 and live in or around the Chillicothe , OH area .	9	Nonfinite
The chlorine and ammonia ( choramine ) are not good for the eggs .	7	Finite
I did an overnight in a home stay that was sweet and the water market was wonderful .	9	Finite
A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated : will NBC have its best sports broadcasters following the event after having worked the Winter Olympics ?	4	Finite
You ca n't but here 's an update : The doctor is about to discover the affair between her husband and Jo ( who has become her new best friend ) .	14	Nonfinite
The main reason attributed for the pollution of Athens is because the city is enclosed by mountains in a basin which does not let the smog leave .	23	Nonfinite
They love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos , celery , cucumbers , carrots .	1	Finite
To view total or detail data from the underlying record source , move fields to the detail area .	12	Finite
Sunni Arab fundamentalists deeply sympathize with the Palestinians and with Hamas , and those in Iraq have deep historical inks with fundamentalists in Jordan and Palestine .	16	Finite
They do n't do certain things that are really annoying about other offices .	3	Nonfinite
Finally I descended the hill , obliquely , towards the trees I had seen .	2	Finite
1,200 - Number of public - diplomacy officers employed by the State Department to further US image abroad in 2004 .	14	Nonfinite
Nobody can claim that the interference of Afghanistan ’s neighbours is over , but the elections will do much to strengthen Karzai and deal more firmly with neighbours ’ interference .	17	Nonfinite
And with China set to become the world 's biggest aviation market in the next decade , the show is an opportunity for Beijing to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aviation as well as defence .	19	Finite
' I have a little theory which you Messieurs who go out there must help me to prove .	2	Finite
This , Pakistan 's lobbyist in Washington Christina Rocca has been told , is the " minimum " that the Pakistan army will accept .	13	Finite
In the tropics one must before everything keep calm .	7	Nonfinite
When we compare male and female farmers with similar land sizes across similar settings , the productivity gap can be as high as 66 % , as it is in Niger .	2	Finite
The FBI 's fixation on Hatfill ( at least as rumored by some reporters ) may have stemmed from a warning by one Senator that careers hung in the balance .	15	Finite
The government did NOT fall .	4	Nonfinite
Harry knew he should n't have risen to Dudley 's bait , but Dudley had said the very thing Harry had been thinking himself maybe he did n't have any friends at Hogwarts	1	Finite
For example , I actually forgot to feed my cat , and they went out of their way to take care of him .	5	Finite
Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosencreutz , which suggests ( and most people who ’ve heard of it suppose ) that the wedding is Christian ’s .	14	Finite
as far as i know , everything is as good as it can be where his aquarium is concerned .	12	Finite
This chef knows what he is doing .	5	Finite
A young woman was in and out the Bayleys ' house , sometimes adding to , sometimes carrying off with her the many children who played there .	3	Finite
I will not be there at 7:30 , but will see you arond 9:30 on Tuesday .	10	Nonfinite
Well , I 'll try to make this short .	4	Nonfinite
The bronze medal is given to people who " risk their lives to an extraordinary degree while saving or attempting to save the lives of others . "	3	Finite
You need to also provide a source a UVB lighting .	1	Finite
The beverage was inspired by the santorum neologism coined in advice columnist Dan Savage 's column Savage Love in response to comments made by former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum about homosexuality ;	2	Finite
this place is awesome twelve did an amazing job place is clean and staff is friendly	14	Finite
This was one of those historic moments that leave a lasting imprint on a society 's collective memory .	1	Finite
For example , Balzac 's friend Hyacinthe De Latouche had knowledge of hanging wallpaper .	9	Finite
He could bear no longer that expressionless and motionless stare , which seemed to have a sort of impenetrable emptiness like the black depth of an abyss .	1	Finite
A silver swarm coalesces around the 164th , and she vanishes into it , like a snip of scallion into cloudy miso soup .	3	Finite
Do n't dwell too long on small talk .	2	Nonfinite
I 'm afraid so , he mumbled in his Englishman 's way .	1	Finite
Since so much of the town ’s retail area is clustered in 3 or 4 block radius , it would be beneficial to walk around , but might also be dangerous given the high traffic intersections .	27	Finite
That is why leaders and policymakers from across the continent have declared 2014 Africa 's Year of Agriculture and Food Security .	1	Finite
It appears the Company had received news that one of their captains had been killed in a scuffle with the natives .	4	Finite
I am not a client of liquidweb.com , but one of my friend called Steven is the client having several websites .	1	Finite
It was posted on Dec. 11 , but the Human Resource dept said that if it is still on the internet , it is open .	12	Finite
Iraqi cities such as Fallujah and Ramadi were on the truck route from Amman to Baghdad , and so came under the influence of the Salafi movement , which is popular in Jordan .	29	Finite
The instructor did not show up !	4	Nonfinite
I meant " please " ! said Harry quickly .	1	Finite
I refer to the entire area between Pakistan and Morocco , which is predominantly Arab , predominantly Moslem , but includes many non-Arab and also significant non-Moslem minorities .	20	Finite
You may not offer or impose any terms on the Work that alter or restrict the terms of this License or the recipients ' exercise of the rights granted .	1	Finite
Al - Lihaibi was running in elections and is now said to have withdrawn following this incident .	8	Finite
" They ( electricity generators ) grinned and beared the $ 750 price cap , but this new plan by ISO was too much , " said Dunn , whose committee has been investigating since March .	8	Finite
i reccomend you to go and enjoy their wonderful hospitality .	1	Finite
Imaginary good is boring ; real good is always new , marvelous , intoxicating .	7	Finite
Be warned - they 'll ltake you for everything they can .	4	Finite
The broadcasts began on August 10 and South Korea says the broadcasts will continue .	12	Finite
The correction to the working gas includes TWO corrections .	6	Finite
Be a little more reasonable with your expectations of a place like this ; and maybe do n't jump to personal attacks suggesting that they do n't want to work hard , just because you bruised your own ego .	25	Finite
I did n't realize how much " stuff " you could pack into a one bedroom apartment .	1	Finite
that cuts down on teh wait time , cus u can do other stuff while u r waiting .	10	Finite
That was not in agreement eather , but they realy demand it .	10	Finite
He is a young pup and will learn over time and consistency in his training .	7	Nonfinite
We 're gearing up for our 2001 / 02 recruiting campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and what can be improved in our process .	17	Nonfinite
Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to -- and trust me we have been to a lot of them .	23	Finite
EDIT : My memory may not be good so you might get a more accurate answer from someone else who remembers the time .	6	Nonfinite
I understand that it is a competitive process , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability .	11	Finite
This new legally binding vote is highlighted in the revision of the Rules by describing it as the election of the Commission .	5	Finite
I do n't want to waste my time on routes set for children , but I do n't want to take on something I ca n't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion .	24	Finite
They sell feed and milk bottles at the front and I recommend you buy lots .	1	Finite
These amendments deal with the social economy and the need to provide social risk capital and support financially local schemes to develop employment opportunities and strengthen social cohesion .	16	Finite
Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see .	2	Nonfinite
When there are a lot of people , say , " You 're probably wondering why I 've gathered you here today . "	2	Finite
My boyfriend has one and when she 's hungry she attacks the pinkie right away .	10	Finite
I slipped through one of these cracks , went up a swept and ungarnished staircase , as arid as a desert , and opened the first door I came to .	1	Finite
This country can do with a few more white people like you , take it from me .	13	Finite
Since then we have decided to have them manage our other investment properties as well as we getting older and can no longer perform all the inquires .	3	Finite
We then called the office and the man we spoke to said he 'd send someone out to look at it but could n't promise when - two weeks came and went and we heard nothing .	29	Finite
Evidently , this a problem that Stacey White has been aware of for a couple of months now .	8	Finite
I knew that he was an innocent but I would never have believed him to be ignorant of such a thing .	12	Finite
There may have been more savings opportunities for households and more diverse funding sources for firms , but the added value of asset - management activity was illusory .	2	Nonfinite
My page jumped out of bed as if crazed , looking more dead than alive , and you can imagine how I felt when he cried , “ They 're already being presented to the king ! "	18	Finite
One member actually was convicted of beating his teen daughter unconcious when she ran away from ' marriage ' to her father 's own brother .	13	Finite
All I say is , it works .	2	Finite
Nevertheless , her initial efforts at writing fiction were in the form of a short story , a form to which she would remain true .	8	Finite
There are raisons d'etat and there are private crimes .	1	Finite
What about Manson 's tees bearing the message , " Kill your parents " .	10	Nonfinite
It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms , a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war .	1	Finite
They have a great selection of wine from all over the world with all different prices .	1	Finite
So you want to flirt with a guy or gal on MSN , AIM , Facebook Chat , or any other instant messaging service and you do n't want to look like a creep ?	26	Finite
Can a policeman open fire on someone trying to kill him ?	0	Finite
Your life might take on an entirely new direction you 've never dreamed of .	10	Finite
This did n't help , as Harry had never heard of such a place .	1	Finite
He had not really lost himself ; he was merely pretending , and he could return to being Quinn whenever he wished .	4	Finite
I did n't understand what kind of student she was .	3	Nonfinite
Also , there are other sites , notably podiobooks.com , which are better suited to CC works than LibriVox .	11	Finite
If you mean the Republic of Ireland ( Dublin ) then anytime .	2	Finite
China emerged from the late-1990 ' s Asian financial crisis as the region 's most resilient economy , and I suspect the same will be true this time .	1	Finite
Images of the boy wearing a NASA T-shirt and handcuffed by the police were quickly posted and reposted online .	13	Finite
They offer a good portions at a great price , it 's enough food to fill you up , but you do n't ever feel like you ate too much .	21	Finite
In early October , the transition team used the same venue to meet with technology lobbyists , inviting representatives from Uber , the Motion Picture Association of America , the Consumer Technology Association and other groups .	7	Finite
The title page of the 1594 edition of Titus Andronicus reveals that the play had been acted by three different troupes .	14	Finite
My room was delightful and the attention to detail was amazing .	2	Finite
Know this well because I remember an ' irish ' pub in the town in canada i grew up in used to advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town , but they served them in american sized pints .	17	Finite
The area attracts many humpback whales between June and November and there are lots of companies organising tours to see them .	2	Finite
But the long silence from Ron and Hermione had made Harry feel so cut off from the magical world that even taunting Dudley had lost its appeal – and now Ron and Hermione had forgotten his birthday .	23	Finite
There are no clearly defined rules governing the sharing of responsibility .	1	Finite
If in dongle you mean USB stick then yes USB sticks are the same any were you go :) hope that answered your question .	21	Finite
César was personally informed of Pompey 's actions by Curio , who at that time had finished his term in office .	15	Finite
What do other Holga owners do when they need to change film when they are traveling ?	14	Finite
He needs more info about these trades ( i.e. , price info ) and would like to talk with you about it .	14	Finite
Here is what I do now and it really helps ....	9	Finite
Do n't get me wrong I want to go , but for 2 days -_- I mean seriously .	0	Finite
The smokehouse ca n't be beat anywhere .	2	Finite
Middle Office work being prioritised is as follows	5	Finite
( Kut is in southeastern Iraq and has an overwhelmingly Shiite population , who are on the lookout for Baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .	2	Finite
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	4	Nonfinite
We recommend these cabins !	1	Finite
Mr President , Commissioner , I should first like to congratulate Mr Koch on his reports which , though technical , are nonetheless of very great significance for safety .	21	Finite
Jeff and Craig are really good at what they do and know exactly how to treat a customer .	15	Nonfinite
Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41 .	2	Finite
There are more differences between Sulla and Trump , Rome and the U.S. , than there are similarities , but that does n’t discredit the resemblances .	16	Finite
The other day I took up a man who hanged himself on the road .	4	Finite
Nor can you attain the true solitude that is a condition and prerequisite of creation , the source and its strength .	3	Nonfinite
He 'd just randomly walk up to you and start the biting .	1	Finite
And there was a heavier sound , a rasp , like a box pulled over concrete .	2	Finite
Scholars find evidence both for and against Shakespeare 's Catholicism in his plays , but the truth may be impossible to prove either way .	21	Nonfinite
This atmosphere makes the American commonplace " out of this world " true enough to give your soul a start .	2	Finite
The dealer wanted $ 1300 to fix that and another $ 1500 to fix some other things .	2	Finite
Yes , there are bigger , but bigger is n't necessarily better .	3	Finite
I 've said it to my wife .	2	Finite
Our time is likely to be limited to 5 - 10 minutes .	5	Nonfinite
Although Balzac was a supporter of the crown , Balzac paints the counter - revolutionaries in a sympathetic light - even though they are the center of the book 's most brutal scenes .	2	Finite
55 - Percentage of the Iraqi workforce who were unemployed before the war .	8	Finite
I guess I 'm extremely fortunate that I received a scholarship which paid about 800 f my course fees through my degree .	1	Finite
Quality has fallen over the years , but still the best go - to burger place on the East Bay .	1	Finite
If the chicken was n't hypnotized , try this alternative .	3	Finite
When someone comes up and says , ' Frank , thank you , your work is great . "	10	Finite
To start we tried the guacamole and salsa verde , it was completly flavorless .	11	Finite
To accomplish this , Łódź has been capitalizing on its film history - Łódź is jokingly referred to as the " HollyŁódź " of Poland and hosts several film festivals and many other cultural events .	26	Finite
Hmmm ... A person can not call a company , if you have no idea its name ( since the designer is unknown ... SUPPOSEDLY ) , and order a gown without a dress name or style number .	28	Nonfinite
By comparing my observations to what my colleagues and predecessors had found , I figured out what group it belongs to , and was able to determine that within that group , it was a new species .	26	Nonfinite
That band is involved in a local competition which promises a $ 5000 first prize , which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started .	21	Nonfinite
I will go there again .	2	Nonfinite
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	26	Finite
I think that building a universal how-to manual would be a tremendous gift for the world .	8	Finite
" Honoré ( so named after Saint Honoré of Amiens , who is commemorated on 16 May , four days before Balzac 's birthday ) was actually the second child born to the Balzacs ;	25	Finite
The intervention is potentially the most far - reaching by Beijing since the 1997 handover of Hong Kong from the UK .	2	Finite
Heh , yep , I like to wear silk chemises , panties even stockings with garter belt .	5	Finite
Except at the beach or at sacred sites normal western dress is acceptable for both men and women , except that you should avoid clothing showing a lot of skin .	22	Finite
The feasibility study estimates that it would take passengers about four minutes to cross the Potomac River on the gondola .	6	Finite
Well if you are interested , I suggest you have a look at General Fiasco , Two Door Cinema Club and Wallis Bird .	9	Finite
If i were you I would Go ...	5	Finite
Its plaque compares him to Nestor , Socrates , and Virgil .	2	Finite
That 's it .	1	Finite
Biologists think that fear causes this " hypnosis , " which may be an attempt to " play dead " to fool predators .	1	Finite
Whether that unity endures will depend on how Europe responds .	9	Finite
This could well be the day I make the biggest deal of my career , said Uncle Vernon .	7	Finite
then I think I just kind of stopped smiling and just kind of sat there looking at the dates .	13	Finite
Furthermore , before and after the implementation of the intervention , we performed a D2 Test of attention that measures selective and sustained attention , as well as visual scanning accuracy and speed .	19	Finite
Yes , they all have secret locator chips , just like gps	4	Finite
The word renaissance ( Rinascimento in Italian ) means “ rebirth ” , and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that Renaissance humanists labelled the Dark Ages .	8	Finite
The Caribbean Sea had been unknown to the populations of Eurasia until 1492 , when Christopher Columbus first sailed into Caribbean waters on a quest to find a sea route to Asia .	26	Nonfinite
You 'll be making radical changes in your work habits , but you 'll be a lot happier for it , and in the end you 'll know it was worth it .	14	Nonfinite
You 've still got to get country people to realize that these functions are now distributed among various agencies :	1	Finite
That he managed to get on the wagon ( though with that pretzel incident , you wonder how firmly ) is laudable .	16	Finite
US and NATO military officers in Kabul say it is too early to say whether Bush ’s tough message was instrumental in persuading Musharraf and the ISI to pressure the Taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections .	32	Nonfinite
Al - Qaeda wants them , Iran wants them , Russia wants the better ones , and all the US wants is to give them all a piece of coal .	23	Nonfinite
Transwestern will own and operate the interconnect .	2	Nonfinite
Filter settings are retained when you move or remove a field .	6	Finite
I 've had experience with all of those pets except Degus .	1	Finite
The thing to do is to bring the right clothing with you , clothes so you can layer up if it is cold and take off layers when it warms up .	3	Nonfinite
22 - Asbestos levels at Ground Zero were 22 times higher than the levels in Libby , Montana , where the W R Grace mine produced one of the worst Superfund disasters in US history .	25	Finite
In later ages playwrights , historians , and other intellectuals would create works inspired by the Trojan War .	10	Finite
Thought you 'd like to know that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the Compaq Center ... it 's all about you and your needs .	3	Nonfinite
See the collaboration page for more details .	0	Nonfinite
Yeah , I see O.J. Simpson .	3	Finite
Students at LUISS University were told during the course of a meeting which took place in Rome .	4	Finite
Great place to live if you work in and around downtown San Jose !	3	Nonfinite
Accordingly , the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP ( the only one and therefore the one they have to choose ) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract .	27	Finite
A new study documenting iodine nutritional status in Australian school children has revealed many are not getting enough iodine - which can lead to mental and growth retardation .	11	Finite
The municipality of Jerusalem is planning to build a new road and will tear the Jordanian one up .	4	Finite
North America and South America are treated as separate continents in the seven - continent model .	5	Finite
Anyway , you do n't have a choice on how you get there , unless you happen to own an aeroplane .	18	Nonfinite
I will reccommend his services however / whenever possible !	1	Finite
But I worked hard and I 'm still working hard .	6	Finite
Under his administration , the female vote was approved , political parties were legalised , all of the exiled were allowed to return and the remaining political prisoners were freed .	12	Finite
The above applies to the Derivative Work as incorporated in a Collective Work , but this does not require the Collective Work apart from the Derivative Work itself to be made subject to the terms of this License .	2	Finite
This is , after all , his business , and if he wants you to remain a customer why on earth is he doing shoddy work ?	12	Finite
In July 1918 , the Franco - Monegasque Treaty was signed , providing for limited French protection over Monaco .	9	Finite
But the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish , in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications , which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about .	32	Finite
Elena 's title is admin coordinator , and I know that Sara should not have this title , and honestly do not think that Elena should also .	22	Nonfinite
Former Russian bioweaponeer Ken Alibek has said that a key Russian scientist assisted Iraq and that Russia had the Ames strain .	17	Finite
We step into the street and my friend David Shahar , whose chest is large , takes a deep breath and advises me to do the same .	16	Finite
Have patience with him , you just got him and who knows how he was treated before you brought him home .	0	Finite
The team who work there are helpfull , friendly and extremely knowledgeable and will help you as much as they can with thier years of hands on practice .	20	Finite
We called our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it taken care of .	13	Nonfinite
We will be targeting to raise at least $ 100,000 so company contributions will range from $ 10,000 - $ 20,000 per person ( $ 10 k minimum per person ) depending on the number of respondents .	2	Nonfinite
Do n't worry about it ... sorry for putting you back on speaker .	0	Finite
Thank you for your consideration of this issue .	0	Finite
One has had to learn how to camp out ...	2	Finite
That would be preferable but it does n't matter , could be something similar	6	Finite
You will also have to be wary of mold forming on any toys or hide - aways he may have .	3	Nonfinite
If I found a spot , I could nt fit in it .	7	Finite
I must confess I am totally surprised that the Commission was not aware of this report , given its sensitivity at this particular time .	1	Finite
Be sure not to feed your rabbits non-veg items !	0	Finite
Properly-fitted ballet shoes should be snug , but not so tight they cut off blood flow and create numbness in the feet .	12	Finite
the one i like the most would be wendy 's .	3	Finite
What was it to the Dursleys if Harry went back to school without any of his homework done ?	1	Finite
Still , you have a better chance of some peace and quiet , and the weather can be surprisingly better in April and September than in mid-July – again , it ’s all part of the uncertainty principle .	3	Finite
Whenever you are presented with something that you do n’t want to do or would consider putting off , ask yourself , “ will this take me less than two minutes to finish ? ”	23	Finite
They own blogger , of course .	1	Finite
Even Zawahiri 's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced .	15	Nonfinite
The foundation did not participate in the recent uprising , but it did serve as a defender of those targeted by official repression .	4	Nonfinite
You could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point , it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive .	34	Nonfinite
Google is probably making this move to counter Microsoft Search using Encarta ( it's online dictionary ) .	7	Nonfinite
Bush came out today and said that if he had known what was coming , he would have expended every effort to stop it , and that so would have Clinton .	28	Finite
Carnival has been called the WalMart of cruise lines ...	1	Finite
After the sensation at the Australian Open , the 28 year - old lost for the first time in the final game against Serena Williams .	13	Finite
I think I gained three pounds in my week long cruise .	3	Finite
i have a 3 - 4 month old kitten and i live in forida .	1	Finite
Fortunately circumstances will force our hand soon since our collective bad behaviour can not continue indefinitely .	12	Finite
If you do not wish to receive such e-mails in the future or want to know more about the BBC 's Email a Friend service , please read our frequently asked questions .	27	Finite
Hope you 'll have time to review it today .	0	Finite
This may be an attempt to play dead , discouraging predators that prefer live prey .	2	Nonfinite
That I can count on .	2	Finite
You might notice some differences in your PivotTable view after you export it to Excel .	1	Finite
Who was that I do n't know ... one of the people from the plane ... a baldish fair man with an accent , I did n't catch the name .	6	Nonfinite
Will you pass along to the appropriate person ?	2	Nonfinite
Both bathrooms look like they were flooded and the wood cabinets are thrashed at the bottom and they slapped some pieces of wood over to try to cover it up .	27	Nonfinite
A recent review of the autobiography of a fedayeen speaks of the Israelis as colonialists .	9	Finite
If the key exists , Access checks for the existence of a value name that matches the name of the referenced file .	15	Finite
“ There have no business being there unless they are undermining Pakistan , ’’ says a Pakistani official .	14	Finite
I never saw anyone there .	2	Finite
Vivien Bayley 's urgent face took up conversation in passing , ... that 's Hjalmar Wentz 's daughter ... you were sitting with .	5	Finite
I enjoyed the animations and wanted to share them with my friends .	5	Finite
The Australian experts drew new conclusions from the investigation of a landing flap from Boeing that had washed up in Tanzania in East Africa .	16	Finite
Let her explore when we moved my cat had to explore the entire house before she felt comfortable .	5	Finite
I found her through a colleague one day when one of my clients was in the midst of a panic attack and needed professional help that I am not qualified to provide .	27	Finite
What would you call the device that hold up your photography backdrop ?	7	Finite
Ask any bus or jitney driver leaving from the Port Authority George Washington Bus Station on 177 St. whether s/he can let you off in Fort Lee .	20	Finite
Put a metal detector in front of every train station in Spain and the terrorists will get the buses .	15	Finite
For the avoidance of doubt , where the work is a musical composition :	9	Finite
well , of course , you know .	6	Finite
The frequent reports from Algeria about the murders of hundreds of civilians in one village or another by other Algerians have nothing to do with Israel .	20	Finite
Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto - Leite or me with any questions or comments .	3	Finite
We honestly can not think of even 1 thing we did n't like !	4	Nonfinite
yes do not hold any animal s mouth shut it wil close their air way , he s just a kitty and they are very rambunctious , get him toys .	1	Finite
" In the wake of Hurricane Katrina , affordable housing in New Orleans is more scarce than ever .	13	Finite
This French born , French trained chef and his creative partners offer a taste fresh , locally sourced , fabulously prepared food in the most unlikely of locations .	11	Finite
the first part ( of four ) covers a span of six years , while the final two sections focus on just three days .	7	Finite
Look forward to drinking a few beers .	0	Finite
Someone said , Watch out for the man from the CIA .	3	Finite
Alejandra González Anaya , one of the parade 's creative directors , explained to CNN why Mexico have decided now is the time to put on such a show .	12	Finite
The last two are considered her best work .	3	Finite
So you do n’t have writers coming up with a story and headline , but you will instead have a team of writers choosing the best headlines and then assign it to a particular writer who was not necessarily involved ?	16	Finite
The Europeans do not need their current level of representation , and the positions and voices of middle - and lower - income countries should be strengthened .	4	Nonfinite
I love to play with that and I am always looking for muses that fit that bill because it is so interesting making a collection when I find one .	19	Finite
Would anybody have let you in for nothing ?	3	Nonfinite
So Bush stopped flying .	2	Finite
On Wednesday , Mohamed and his father are to travel to the United Nations .	7	Finite
Does it seriously take that long for a soup and salad ?	3	Nonfinite
My point : Even if I was wrong , do n't sit there and argue with the customer .	11	Finite
No one will ever know whether the recent elections in Spain would have yielded a different result , if not for the train bombings a few days earlier .	2	Finite
the room you sleep in is best ( seeing you so relaxed that you are sleeping will send the message that everything is OK ) , but others will work just as well .	28	Finite
My kid is making wonderful grades and has reassured me she will graduate within the four year period .	11	Finite
Then add the other mate .	1	Finite
ANYWAY WE DRIVE AROUND IN MY VAN AND SOLVE MYSTERYS AND SHIT	8	Finite
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	23	Nonfinite
The family 's attorney advises me that Aafia had no knowledge of chemicals ( and that would not appear to be her training ) .	20	Nonfinite
" I hope that industry , if put to the test , can do better [ than the government ] , but I do not expect it , " Griffin added .	12	Finite
DO NOT EVER GO HERE .	0	Finite
They offer sales that are n't really sales , mislabeled items that make the item sound like a good deal when it is n't , a bad attitude about return items , and on and on .	22	Finite
I am in the process of reviewing your special provisions .	1	Finite
to the extent reasonably practicable , the Uniform Resource Identifier , if any , that Licensor specifies to be associated with the Work , unless such URI does not refer to the copyright notice or licensing information for the Work ;	27	Finite
This would be on a walk - in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good ( Not relying on pictures from the internet ) and is in a spot we like .	38	Finite
The Incas treated the crop as sacred and referred to quinoa as " chisaya mama " or " mother of all grains . " [ 1 ]	8	Finite
Like in the case of organized crime , it is crucial that the forces on the offensive be united and it is crucial to reach the top of the crime pyramid .	9	Finite
But he has insisted that he wants nuclear power for peaceful purposes .	2	Finite
your male is hurting her to put her in her place - biting her scruff is dominance and biting the belly is a move cats use when hunting - to pull the guts out of their prey .	25	Finite
It is likely , but not certain , that they will be deported to Myanmar .	1	Finite
The receptionist of " Hand made " , the former film making company of George Harrison said : " we do n't have any relation with that man anymore and we do n't want to know anything about him " .	33	Nonfinite
Know this well because I remember an ' irish ' pub in the town in canada i grew up in used to advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town , but they served them in american sized pints .	0	Nonfinite
It 's ironic .	1	Finite
Whilst peak traffic hour can be a bit smoggy on the main roads , on most sunny days the skies are azure blue .	20	Finite
I would highly recommend that you read through some reliable bearded guides to make sure you have everything set up correctly :	1	Finite
The first challenge that we have before can do any kind of analysis of these interstellar dust particles is simply to find them .	21	Nonfinite
Is it true that Facebook is going to charge to use the site ?	10	Nonfinite
the weather is going to be fine , hector was just blowing smoke .	5	Nonfinite
78 - Percentage of workers at Ground Zero who now suffer from lung ailments .	10	Finite
Do n't have to mention what radiation has done and is still doing to Hirsohima & Nagaski folks -- there can be no doubts about the effects of radiation in Chernobyl .......	21	Nonfinite
Do n't pack it again ! ! !	0	Nonfinite
The world has had evidence of this gender gap since at least 2011 , but only limited data about its scope , shape , and causes .	2	Finite
need help finding irish music ?	0	Finite
If something happens that I 'm not able to participate I 'll let you know .	14	Nonfinite
I would like to think that , given his previous experience as a regional President , he will agree to propose indicators , and a strategy , which will favour economic and social cohesion and not just productivity .	18	Nonfinite
Their hell is a personal dissatisfaction with themselves if they are mediocre . "	2	Finite
The following have made a team for the game show on August 17th !.	2	Finite
This blue was almost the same as his eyes : a milky blue that seemed to dissolve into a mixture of sky and clouds .	2	Finite
He seemed to be spinning very fast	3	Nonfinite
DPA : Iraqi authorities announced that they had busted up 3 terrorist cells operating in Baghdad .	7	Finite
The question must be put as directly as possible : what manner of maniac would undertake a path so fraught with peril and potential economic catastrophe ?	2	Finite
Furthermore , the Vestry voted unanimously to invite the support of members of the CHS congregation for the Declaration .	7	Nonfinite
Continue to breathe slowly and deeply .	2	Nonfinite
I 'll get back to you as soon as I have more info ( hopefully later today )	2	Nonfinite
Socotra takes pride in their eco-tourism and values their spectacular plant and wildlife that may sometimes be only found on this island .	16	Nonfinite
The problem is that these factors are not amenable to isolated public - health interventions .	2	Finite
Huskers drool over Sooners .	1	Finite
I did n't have a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake your hand .	14	Nonfinite
Still if you can get your pet shop to do a hardness or TDS ( total Dissolved Solids ) test , that may give you a hint .	22	Finite
I just hope that I will be invited to the opening ceremony because we worked damned hard to get it .	18	Nonfinite
Of course , you could just go in by main force .	6	Nonfinite
It 's really too advanced for a beginner , both in tooling and safety .	1	Finite
whatever , you 're the perverted old man .	3	Finite
But the Weasleys gave a gigantic tug and Harry 's leg slid out of Uncle Vernon 's grasp .	3	Finite
When it serves their business needs , all of them collaborate beautifully .	2	Finite
The Americans wanted the new regime to make the populace literate , to create " a large and stable middle class a sufficient identification of local ideals and values , so that truly indigenous democratic institutions could grow up . "	7	Nonfinite
The truth is , in my and my dining partners ' experience , this is a fine little restaurant with some unique food .	2	Finite
Hackney 's has a great burger formula that started about 80 years ago .	2	Finite
Maybe you should ignore the sentiment of the quote I sent earlier ...	3	Nonfinite
I 'm nothing more than a devoted fan of the game myself and I hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan discussions .	19	Nonfinite
It is rather as if Puritans in seventeenth-century dress and observing seventeenth-century customs were to be found still living in Boston or Plymouth .	13	Finite
The neighbours are still interfering , but there are signs that rather than undermining Afghanistan ’s stability they may now be trying to strengthen it .	20	Nonfinite
Currently exurbs such as Apache Junction , Fountain Hills , Queen Creek , and Sun City are becoming part of this metropolitan area as well .	16	Finite
Every now and then , while dinner was awaited , their conversation was backed by intensely sociable sounds – pitched talk – let in from the kitchen as the servant went in and out , laying the table .	12	Finite
Go to ATLANTIC WIRELESS !!	0	Finite
It made me feel good to see people work so hard to take care of others belongings .	12	Nonfinite
Technically , blackberry was because it was the first with real email and games and stuff .	3	Finite
I would like your advice about Rule 143 concerning inadmissibility .	1	Finite
The converted data will be displayed as Mom 's Boston Crab Meat .	3	Finite
Data fields provide the values to be summarized in the chart .	2	Finite
Highly recommend	1	Finite
Everyone has the right to life , liberty and the security of person .	1	Finite
If the Israelis and the Palestinian leadership can not find a way to reinvigorate the peace process , cells of radical young Palestinians may grow up that look to bin Laden for their cues .	9	Nonfinite
John Suttle has OK'd Anthony 's latest request w / r. t. the CSA .	2	Finite
It is easy to get discount airfare for them since they travel very frequently .	4	Nonfinite
The smile faded slightly from Mr Borgin 's face .	2	Finite
Kathy McMahon suggested that I contact you in an effort to gather information on : Enron 's Affirmative Action Policy and plans ; as well as demographic analysis of workforce ( gender , age , ethnic origin , nationality )	2	Finite
He tried to tell me it was when I told asked him if he knew what fps stood for and he had no clue .	1	Finite
But other people do like the way they think he will vote , and the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the ones who oppose him .	3	Finite
Thank you both very much for your time and help thus far .	0	Finite
It established him as an author of note ( even if the surface owes a debt to Walter Scott ) and provided him with a name outside his past pseudonyms .	1	Finite
I do n't know about the playstation situation but I do know that Microsoft has said they do n't see the Xbox 360 as being even halfway through its lifetime .	3	Nonfinite
I , nor anyone else in my family , will ever go to Sun Devil Auto again .	9	Finite
At some point , I 'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close ?	8	Nonfinite
The least we can do is pass this news along .	3	Finite
The few times I have consulted with a travel agent I was able to find the same for less on my own , and more options than what they were selling .	14	Nonfinite
Enron needs to use this situation to quickly get our viewpoints up into the PUCT and ERCOT ISO on what is driving these problems and our proposed fixes .	20	Finite
The poster wrote that " Prompted I think by the Tom Cruise video , a new obsession is taking hold on the internet .	17	Finite
There 's great beauty to it .	1	Finite
Lay a Twister mat on the floor and ask people if they want to play .	0	Nonfinite
The only neurological sign that he shows is that he barely drags his toes and sometimes has trouble with his right lead .	16	Finite
If this interpretation required knowledge on Stillman 's part , then Quinn would accept this knowledge as an article of faith , at least for the time being .	13	Nonfinite
The ship lay unloaded and demurrage fees mounted in brief , a holdup by local racketeers .	2	Finite
her feet were too swollen to walk , and he endured severe heart trouble .	2	Finite
I did n't either until I clicked on the down button and they popped up .	1	Finite
Anything that you want to put off but takes two minutes to do - do it .	3	Finite
South Korea 's success over the last five decades owes much to the rapid growth of its well - educated labor force .	9	Finite
You have to stand up to that and I would rather someone ran at me rather than round me .	10	Nonfinite
Crap like this sure makes me want to rush right out and rescue people from dilemmas of their own making .	8	Nonfinite
The stocks referred to in paragraph 1 shall be deducted from the quantity exceeding the normal carryover of stocks .	8	Nonfinite
I guess the questions on which I should like your steer are : ( a ) Do you have a particular sensitivity about the reference to bad faith proceedings made by United India ?	18	Nonfinite
You do not have to claim that the holocaust never happened , and that the Jewish temple in Jerusalem never existed .	3	Nonfinite
Therefore , should you wish to donate to a monk , you should only offer food , and put your monetary donation in the appropriate donation box at the temple .	18	Nonfinite
However , his rival Prabowo Subianto also declared victory , leaving Indonesian citizens confused .	7	Finite
3 ) If he shows no interest in water , then take him back to your vet .	11	Finite
So totalling $ 212 just for start before any work started .	10	Finite
Stillman 's behavior had been too obscure to give any hints .	8	Nonfinite
The numbers indicate that in his first four years , Bush not only showed up , he showed up a lot .	2	Finite
On September 29 , Scientology officials went to the East Los Angeles sheriff 's station where they claimed Montalvo allegedly left the organization with computer hard drives .	6	Finite
Should there be a ( groan ) meeting on this ?	0	Finite
I have to pick up old gray over at Jerry 's .	1	Finite
You can apply a filter to a series or category field to show the top or bottom n items based on a total .	1	Finite
But I ca n't give him too many shocks at once , and I say , " She has not had a Jewish upbringing . "	14	Finite
I am not going to go pick up a horse I ca n't afford .	13	Nonfinite
Sometimes it is not worth it to go through that kind of staff and their personal attitude to get to a doctor .	2	Finite
For electoral reasons and in order to appeal to the masses , the subject has been brought up again .	14	Finite
My ties to the Republican party date back to 1979 , when I volunteered for Ronald Reagan and his campaign in New Hampshire .	6	Finite
" I like them , " says my wife .	2	Finite
Try their weekend " tastings " which you can learn about by getting on their weekly email list .	9	Nonfinite
Please advise as to who his replacement is and their report date .	1	Finite
It 's quite a large Canadian tournament , and so we went as the Gliders team .	11	Finite
Tears lurked mysteriously behind his eyes , and his voice seemed to tremble as he spoke , but somehow he managed to hold his own .	22	Nonfinite
That little man who thinks he invented pizza can kiss my *ss .	6	Finite
I do n't know that Jerusalem is geologically older than other places but the dolomite and clay look hoarier than anything I ever saw .	6	Finite
Directions from the Kennedy : Take the Ogden Exit off the Kennedy .	5	Finite
If you keep the cage clean they do n't smell and you can buy spray on cleaser for them , just massage it into their coat and groom them .	13	Nonfinite
You 'll find practical ways of increasing your effectiveness in the world by gaining new skills that allow you to live more abundantly .	2	Nonfinite
I 'm nothing more than a devoted fan of the game myself and I hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan discussions .	1	Finite
And there is another topic which is very important in mathematics which is called representation theory .	6	Finite
you 're mad !	1	Finite
KSM and Hambali sent al - Hindi ( al - Britani ) , along with Jafar the Pilot , to case NYC targets for a second wave .	20	Nonfinite
However if there is a high level of sodium chloride ( common salt ) that can break down the chorion ( shell ) around the egg and allow critters to get in and eat the yoke and embryo . )	30	Nonfinite
I thought it was Errol 's fault at first –	3	Finite
Women should make every effort to make way for monks on the street and give them room so they do not have to make contact with you .	6	Nonfinite
However , the filter settings are retained , so that when you turn autofiltering back on , the data that was previously displayed or hidden is again displayed or hidden .	12	Finite
... I ve been living in Fujairah my entire life and I must say that it is developing in a good way .	12	Finite
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1 - 2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything .	4	Nonfinite
You may not offer or impose any terms on the Work that alter or restrict the terms of this License or the recipients ' exercise of the rights granted .	12	Finite
The mangers also play a classic movies on Sundays , you can get a beer in the lobby , and repeat customers can get discounts if they have a member card .	12	Nonfinite
I will take you next one in August .	2	Nonfinite
The building is typical , it 's a former warehouse .	6	Finite
Leaving a jar with a dozen black worms in it will sate the adult 's desire for snacks and they are more likely to leave fry or eggs alone .	11	Nonfinite
Gerry pleasantly said " since I am already here why do n't we give it shot .	2	Finite
The surprise is that we are surprised .	5	Finite
Would it embarrass Evelyn if Evelyn sang ? she asked Bray .	9	Finite
" Beijing may end up in a early 1990s Japan situation , where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them . "	14	Finite
Harry 's told him to catch the Hogwarts Express as usual from King 's Cross station on September the first .	5	Nonfinite
Please find enclosed EES 's request for Volumes for PGE CityGate delvery effective 11/1/01 :	1	Finite
It is crucial to stop Saudi and other financial support of the outer circle , which is the fertile breeding ground of terror .	4	Nonfinite
Within this meager GDP , the gaps between rich and poor are beyond belief and too many of the rich made their money not by succeeding in business , but by being corrupt rulers .	11	Finite
We promised him a liberal education when we left South Africa , you see .	13	Finite
My apartment also smells repulsive even though I am cleaning out their litter box at least once a day if not twice .	3	Finite
That granddaughter : her parents both worked in the vineyards , and when she was a child , she would play in my courtyard in the after-noons .	6	Finite
I have sat here patiently and I find it quite extraordinary that you are not calling me .	13	Finite
Keep his cage open and go on your computer , or read a book , etc and maybe he will come out to you .	11	Finite
Would dinner Thursday work instead .	0	Finite
My conclusion is that you should only go there if you want to wait a least an hour and see all kinds other people being seated before you .	19	Nonfinite
In Biloxi , 30 people were reported dead in one block of flats which was hit by a 9 m ( 30 ft ) " storm surge " .	14	Finite
What do you think the impact will be for the Paralympic movement will be with the Games being televised live in the United States for first time ?	6	Finite
In addition to continuing to write , he convened and chaired the first International Meeting on Linguistic Research in Geneva in 1930 , and acted as president of the Fourth International Congress of Linguists in Copenhagen in 1936 .	8	Finite
You do n't need flying broomsticks or magic balls to play this version of the game - it 's tailor-made for muggles like us .	3	Nonfinite
Wish they could see famous Harry Potter now , he thought savagely , as he spread manure on the flower beds , his back aching , sweat running down his face .	10	Finite
You will remain as alternates .	1	Finite
Might be something different ?	1	Nonfinite
Most likely not , if there is not a bird sitting on the eggs .	6	Finite
After the cab had dropped him off in front of his house , Quinn realized that he was hungry .	3	Finite
Meanwhile , his reputation seems to be improving , although Bangs noted a " pretty interesting social dynamic . "	6	Nonfinite
You have to have two because they do n't do well alone .	1	Finite
“ More people are turning to credit … While this borrowing might be manageable now , a sudden change in circumstances could lead to debt problems . ”	12	Nonfinite
She really listens to what it is you would like to achieve , and I am very happy with my results .	15	Finite
You should experiment to find your preferred mix before making larger bottles .	2	Nonfinite
You have requested a debate on this subject in the course of the next few days , during this part - session .	1	Finite
The square is surrounded by buildings from the Safavid era .	2	Finite
You can find them From Indian Oil Building , Sector - 37 , Taj Express Road ( Bus Stops ) etc.	2	Nonfinite
I 'm getting in touch because I think it could be useful to people campaigning about hospital closures .	10	Nonfinite
You may want to see if you can get in touch with their EPM group and get this guy in a study .	2	Nonfinite
Secondly , we can not support proposals for the split in funding or criteria in relation to the new Structural Fund regulation .	5	Nonfinite
In BA , I 'll be meeting with Marval lawyers .	4	Finite
Carol , will you handle this or Mark ?	2	Finite
So we did n't expect them to even know some of the requests that we asked that night .	2	Finite
Just wanted to know were we stand on the ETA and PA for Argentina ?	1	Finite
can anyone tell me exactly what it is and what took place ?	10	Finite
It made me feel good to see people work so hard to take care of others belongings .	8	Finite
I would appreciate it if , on the close of this item of business , I might be allowed to give an explanation of vote on behalf of my Group .	17	Nonfinite
And , just as a psychologist would predict , one of the partners , China , has decided to go its own way .	19	Nonfinite
If you know or work there could you enlighten me ?	8	Nonfinite
The people at Gulf Coast Siding were very easy and clear to work with .	12	Nonfinite
This was confirmed by Virginia Stillman , whom Quinn called each night after returning home .	1	Finite
Everything had been reduced to chance , a nightmare of numbers and probabilities .	1	Finite
The US Army Corps of Engineers says it could take a month to clear the flood waters , and the government 's disaster relief agency has urged evacuees not to try to get back to their homes .	30	Nonfinite
He kept saying different arrival / delivery dates and did n't seem terribly apologetic .	1	Finite
" The US does not dictate what happens at the IMF , but it does have a disproportionate influence .	14	Finite
I found them and purchased both from a gallery in London , William Weston .	4	Finite
According to OECD data , only 55 % of South Korean women aged 15 - 64 are in the labor force , compared to an average of 65 % in the advanced economies .	16	Finite
Therefore , even in those first moments , he had lost ground , was starting to fall behind himself .	16	Nonfinite
Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract , or several ?	0	Finite
Now that Sibley is not a candidate for Lt. Governor , there is more freedom to open up and ask some difficult questions .	3	Finite
Thank you for helping me get more healthy !	5	Nonfinite
He will come and eat	1	Finite
We in Parliament would like to add a third category covering organic products that also comply with environmental and animal protection criteria .	6	Nonfinite
She literally has n't sat down to a meal ...	2	Finite
It s natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank would be very overcrowded .	16	Finite
It seems clear to me that the manhunt for high Baath officials in the Sunni heartland is being done wrong , or at least in ways that are bad for US standing with local Iraqis .	16	Finite
Not surprisingly , most of the yearly festivals occur during these times so as to take advantage of the crowds and the more favourable weather .	8	Finite
I am sending you a letter from their atty .	1	Finite
I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $ 65 puts are in the money and the $ 75 call is also in the money .	1	Finite
The study of literature is itself heavily " politicized . "	4	Finite
He said , Certainly I thought of going back , then . Before we left .	1	Finite
Orders and / or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and / or instructions .	18	Nonfinite
I 'd be happy if someone helps , especially someone who has been to Fujairah or lives there . :)	11	Finite
I 've been fuming over this fact for a few weeks now , ever since some organizations and governments suggested we need to accept the fact that Hezbollah will get involved in running Lebanon .	23	Nonfinite
The Chatnam Islands ( Rekohu in the indigenous Moriori language ) are the eastern-most settled islands in New Zealand .	11	Finite
I am thinking 4 slides at the most .	1	Finite
" While we do n't have anything specific to announce today , Google and the Wikimedia Foundation are collaboratively evaluating creative ways to support Wikipedia.org and its community . "	9	Nonfinite
We should be establishing limit values on a Europe-wide basis , but they should be reasonable as well .	14	Nonfinite
We signed our name in about 6:00 pm .	1	Finite
But they have n't been up to anything extraordinary as far as I can see in recent weeks .	14	Nonfinite
Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .	19	Finite
Pioneers were assigned numbers , which were included on all cheques , enabling the campaign to keep track of who raised how much . )	20	Finite
In the world of " Wei 's magic cubes , " all seem to be ingeniously planned and tricky .	12	Finite
the economy is down and when enron collapses , the energy industry is going to be in a world of hurt .	15	Nonfinite
I work for a large retail company recently expanding our operations into Canada and had to travel to ensure all of our computer network equipment was installed properly and on time .	1	Finite
When victims and witnesses stay silent , nothing changes .	4	Finite
Start near the chicken 's beak and draw the line slowly outward , in front of its head .	0	Nonfinite
The instruments of ratification shall be deposited with the Government of the Italian Republic by 31 December 2006 at the latest .	5	Nonfinite
Myanmar is mainly Buddhist and the United Nations rates the Rohingya among the world 's most persecuted groups .	8	Finite
I still have noticeable scarring .	2	Finite
Many people want to use diplomacy with Iran rather than military pressure .	4	Nonfinite
A police spokesman told the Associated Press there was " an exchange of words " followed by an " altercation " but that no injuries had been reported .	8	Finite
He had also changed his name to that of an ancient noble family , and added - without any official cause - the nobiliary particle De .	15	Finite
But no one seemed to have seen him , or to know whether he was , or had been , in the capital .	3	Finite
There 's lots of towns called Miramar , it 'd help a lot if you listed a state or some sort of context you 're looking for it in .	24	Finite
After talking with Professors Titman , Ronn , Brown and Jemison , I was sure that the School was the right place to get the education I was looking for .	27	Finite
In the meantime make sure she had plenty of water available to her .	6	Finite
I should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you did n't spell her name right in the email - I mean it 's such a common spelling .	4	Nonfinite
It 's like from the sky .	1	Finite
Koran descends to Earth : April 6 , 610 AD Monday	1	Finite
Sure , some will return , but I have a feeling that once many begin to get jobs and temporary housing , they may be shy about returning .	14	Finite
Twinkle Twinkle lazy star Kitna soyega uthja yaar , up above the world so high , sun has risen in the sky , uthke jaldi pee le chai , then call me up and say " HI "	17	Finite
Thank you very much .	0	Finite
In the long run , Spain itself will pay even more .	8	Nonfinite
Bruce indicated NiMo short listed five companies who all bid higher than ENA .	9	Finite
We also know how Dan Rather libeled George Bush and impugned his service in the Texas Air National Guard on a " 60 Minutes II " report based largely on forged documents .	6	Finite
I popped in after my afternoon pumpkin spice latte break at Starbucks .	1	Finite
It is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of George Harrison , who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him .	33	Nonfinite
For example , the Weatherspoon Art Museum at the University of North Carolina at Greensboro saw attendance levels reach 11,000 visitors when it exhibited its Warhol collection in 2010 , according to curator Elaine Gustafon .	15	Finite
The painting is based upon the hymn called , ' A Charge to Keep . '	13	Nonfinite
Note that you are not required to link either a CSS file or an XSL style sheet to an XML document in order for Internet Explorer 5 ( and later versions ) to display the document .	0	Finite
Jean and Thane , I think that we need a FORMAL PLAN on what to do over the next 3 - 6 months to leverage this situation .	24	Nonfinite
Is the distinction accurate and valid ?	0	Finite
I also wish I 'd applied for a scholarship .	4	Finite
Is it possible to shoot lazers out of your Wang ?	0	Finite
All he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered Communist forces .	10	Nonfinite
Follow the simple directions and watch the money come in !!	0	Finite
NOTE : You may want to retain every name and address sent to you , either on a computer or hard copy and keep the notes people send you .	23	Nonfinite
In other words , they do not help with suitcases , but they promise totes to help .	7	Nonfinite
They told me that this is not under warranty and want to charge me $ 175 just to diagnose the problem !	18	Nonfinite
Using aimless motion as a technique of reversal , on his best days he could bring the outside in and thus usurp the sovereignty of inwardness .	14	Finite
When China 's currency ceases to be undervalued , American shoppers in Wal - Mart , where 70 percent of the goods on the shelves are made in China , will think they are in Neiman Marcus .	30	Finite
If selected , you can also save the structure of a table , query , datasheet , form , or report into a file that describes the presentation and connection information .	20	Nonfinite
Mr President , we should not forget that the main , strategic objective of the Structural and Cohesion Funds and of their coordination is to achieve economic and social cohesion .	4	Finite
In addition , is there someone who could consider the correlation between US CPI and the $ / euro exchange rate .	8	Nonfinite
Quinn reached into his pocket and gave the man a dollar .	1	Finite
Sounds simple enough to me .	0	Finite
A telltale of this meteoritic material will likely be high levels of the element iridium .	6	Finite
I understand you have a brand new truck .	1	Finite
Because of an international medical convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as our meetings , the Grand Hyatt unfortunately is already booked .	21	Finite
While we should be proud of our accomplishment , we now must turn to the task of getting our testimony ready by May 5 deadline .?	12	Nonfinite
Airfare alone will be incredibly expensive so make sure you have the money and of course free time to take your time and have a great time .	23	Nonfinite
I 'm a member of a local animal rights news , and get regular emails from other members and the staff .	12	Nonfinite
Take the 8 line toward " Balard " until the " Invalides " station .	0	Finite
It may also be privileged or otherwise protected by work product immunity or other legal rules .	1	Finite
Today is good 12:30 ?	1	Finite
The first is the harmonisation of national development policies and regional development policies .	2	Finite
Unfortunately , I ca n't forward your message to him directly ( there seems to be a problem with the attachment ) .	5	Nonfinite
We still have the traders and books that you provided last week , but need to know if there are any changes to this .	9	Finite
Previously the jets had only been seen by bloggers .	3	Finite
You only got him yesterday .	2	Finite
Last year in my section at the stadium I had a banner that read We Know ' .	15	Finite
Because the field list of a page does not show the contents specific to a page , you can use the data outline to review the structure of a page .	7	Finite
as to what the light provides it gives UV rays .. which is important for health in lizards as it is in humans .	5	Finite
The connection , however , lies in an order issued last year by President Hu Jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped by America in case of conflict over Taiwan .	28	Nonfinite
This one could gather from his casual talk .	2	Finite
Many of the neighborhoods are commercial centers and absolute heaven for foodies or those who seek quieter surroundings than the hustle and bustle of Downtown and Chinatown .	4	Finite
Some may not know exactly what Stardust or Stardust @ home is .	11	Finite
It would have been more than one could bear !	8	Nonfinite
In Fallujah , hundreds of demonstrators came out against US troops when they briefly arrested a yound newlywed bride .	6	Finite
Evelyn Odara spoke to her husband as no local woman would dare ; yet he ignored it , as if turning the tables on her with his countrymen 's assumption that what women said was not heard , anyway .	33	Finite
1 . Be responsible .	2	Finite
It 's almost like God to some extent .	1	Finite
Any review , reliance or distribution by others or forwarding without express permission is strictly prohibited .	13	Finite
A runway that provides fairly regular airline transportation was only constructed in 1999 .	8	Finite
In time the eggs can suffocate in the shipping container .	5	Nonfinite
And the basic idea behind the Checks and Balances we have is that if one branch of the Government goes crazy , the other two can hold it down .	10	Finite
He listens and is excellent in diagnosing , addressing and explaining the specific issues and suggesting exercises to use .	3	Finite
I do n't want to appear before God on judgment day and have to explain why I did n't do anything like this in my life .	14	Nonfinite
One of the people assassinated very recently in Sri Lanka was Mr Kumar Ponnambalam , who had visited the European Parliament just a few months ago .	16	Finite
I used a dissecting scope to look at the animal 's external anatomy and overall body organization ( magnification of 60 X ) .	1	Finite
Which should be a private issue	2	Nonfinite
The case on which the Court has ruled was of the religious schools Santo Spirito and Immacolata in Livorno , Tuscany , to pay over 422,000 euros in arrears for the period from 2004 to 2009 .	23	Nonfinite
He told the BBC ’s Andrew Marr Show : “ A general election is frankly the last thing that the Government wants . ”	13	Finite
I would recommend not using this company .	2	Nonfinite
In January 2011 , Blunt began filming an American science - fiction film , Looper , directed by Rian Johnson and co-starring Bruce Willis and Joseph Gordon - Levitt ; the film was released in September 2012 .	32	Finite
I 'm going to assume that you did n't get around to it .	7	Finite
I have no inside information , but I have been following links today that strongly indicate that Google is damn serious about securing permanent control of the leading edge browser technology in Firefox .	15	Finite
Jones is pitching good for once and things do n't look too bad .	1	Finite
Shorts and sleeveless shirts are highly inappropriate , as are short skirts .	9	Finite
Some rich builder and his wife were coming to dinner and Uncle Vernon was hoping to get a huge order from him ( Uncle Vernon 's company made drills ) .	16	Nonfinite
It is very clean and is Sandalwood , Driftwood or something of that nature in color .	1	Finite
What followed the next day is considered by the governor and Dunn to be the pivotal moment of the energy crisis .	5	Finite
You should book or ensure accommodation before you board a flight for the Chathams , as during the popular months of the tourism season , between October and April , accommodation can be severely limited .	4	Nonfinite
Shuttle veteran and longtime NASA executive Fred Gregory is temporarily at the helm of the 18,000 - person agency .	8	Finite
Mr Weasley took Harry 's glasses , gave them a tap of his wand and returned them , good as new .	2	Finite
How is the night life in Naha ?	1	Finite
My second point has already been mentioned :	3	Finite
Some , I heard , got drowned in the surf ; but whether they did or not , nobody seemed particularly to care .	22	Nonfinite
" More concerning , " continued the MILNET brief , " is the priority placed on expanding and modernizing its Navy .	11	Finite
That makes sense because the viability of infrastructure investments obviously depends on competitive revenue-raising services and competitive services clearly need quality infrastructure .	1	Finite
What representation did the Commissioner receive from the United Kingdom Government about this dire emergency ?	5	Nonfinite
If America remains stuck in its under - saving ways but finds itself without Chinese goods and capital , it will suffer higher inflation , rising interest rates , and a weaker dollar .	21	Nonfinite
He told us to stop by the salon and then he will tell us the price .	1	Finite
Why are no - smoking areas not enforced ?	1	Finite
Someone called to Vivien and they were drawn away from the dancers to a crowded table .	1	Finite
This broke everybody up .	1	Finite
These amendments also fit in with this Parliament 's view that social exclusion is a serious issue needing constructive action .	13	Finite
Please see the attached .	1	Finite
I have a Kodak Camera ( 10.2 Megapixels ) ... Kodak AF 5x OPTICAL LENS ... how do I pause it while recording ?	1	Finite
you 'll love it	2	Nonfinite
I would highly recommend David to anyone .	3	Nonfinite
Mérida is the capital of the state of Yucatán in Mexico .	1	Finite
I called over the weekend due to clogged kitchen sink .	1	Finite
I live nearly two hours away and yet I will still make the drive to see them !	15	Nonfinite
You need to ask your vet these questions .	1	Finite
You can see them visiting and talking as they stroll along the streets , sit in the plazas or dine in the many sidewalk restaurants .	1	Finite
The Stark could not see them to stop them .	7	Nonfinite
All Evaluations for Associates and Analysts must be completed using this form .	7	Nonfinite
Are whole offices ( eg Tokyo ) unreachable or is it only those who have home offices ?	14	Finite
I am very pleased with the tattoos that I revived from them .	9	Finite
We become most fully human when we love another person .	1	Finite
I love to play with that and I am always looking for muses that fit that bill because it is so interesting making a collection when I find one .	14	Finite
They should be delivered this week .	2	Nonfinite
Position a large mirror so you can check your positioning and see what you 're doing .	11	Nonfinite
Following the creation of the IMF in 1944 , many of the same decisions became routine , a lot less interesting , and much easier to implement .	26	Nonfinite
Auster led him to the living room , gave him a frayed upholstered chair to sit in , and then went off to the kitchen to fetch some beer .	8	Finite
can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep. ireland and put a irish pay , go dongle in it ?	2	Nonfinite
You can then select all the popular promotions from the Other group and create a new custom group that will be captioned Popular .	1	Finite
Instead they are encouraging everyone to come forward if they see any potential problems ( as it is clear that overlooked problems could result in unnecessary losses ) .	6	Nonfinite
you need to do that for a least a week , or else this type of territorial fighting will happen .	18	Finite
I hope I can return the favor in the future !	4	Nonfinite
She was instructed to destroy the agreement and another would be forwarded to her with the necessary corrections and re-wording of Section 7 .	1	Finite
For example , when you move a Product field to the filter area , you can display data for one product at a time .	15	Finite
The report states that few if any food manufacturers use iodised salt in the preparation and manufacture of foods .	2	Finite
Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off ?	9	Finite
All this talk seemed to me so futile .	3	Finite
The " recent events " are likely to be the attacks of 21 October that briefly took down popular websites such as Reddit , Twitter and Spotify as well as many others .	8	Nonfinite
Whenever you are presented with something that you do n’t want to do or would consider putting off , ask yourself , “ will this take me less than two minutes to finish ? ”	19	Nonfinite
" To have a business allow that type of filth to be purveyed through their website or through their system is something that they say they ca n't handle .	2	Nonfinite
$ 3.8 bn - Amount in the Superfund trust fund for toxic site clean - ups in 1995 , the Year " polluter pays " fees expired .	23	Finite
It is located southeast of Puerto Rico .	1	Finite
He said angrily to Wentz , directing the remark at the wife through the husband , What did you get in return that was worth it ?	23	Finite
They were conquerors , and for that you want only brute force – nothing to boast of , when you have it , since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others .	8	Finite
The employees do n't really seem to enjoy what they are doing and it shows .	2	Finite
Judge Samuel Alito is very highly qualified by all of the normal standards used to evaluate candidates for this position :	15	Nonfinite
All you need to do is place your favorite combination of Skittles candies into a glass or bottle of vodka and wait for it to infuse .	25	Nonfinite
The US chose to ally itself with such groups as the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq , whose 15,000 - strong Badr Corps paramilitary was trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards .	2	Finite
You must n't forget I 've got help , she said .	10	Finite
What you get is a $ 13 / day charge to access the internet through a slow 512 / 512 kb / s that you can only use to check email etc ( Read : No downloading ) .	11	Nonfinite
If Stillman did not show up , Quinn would go straight to 69th Street and confront Virginia Stillman with what he knew .	2	Finite
With single servings like this , you can decide which flavor(s) you like best and proceed to making bottles , if you desire .	7	Finite
I called them back a few hours after putting my Bodhi down and they still would n't budge .	17	Nonfinite
Attached please find a sample short form ( for the Con Ed market ) for your review .	2	Finite
In this scenario , pieces of option three remain stubbornly impervious to artificial intelligence and continue to be mind - numbingly boring , while option four – engaging in social reciprocity and negotiation – remains limited .	15	Finite
However , they would never drive the car with me in it to prove their findings .	13	Nonfinite
You will find these helpful in writing a new slogan .	2	Nonfinite
Basically Nook Tablet it has more memory , better battery life and a better processor and a microphone .	4	Finite
In June and July of 1973 , he accumulated 56 points , enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973 - 1974 year .	14	Nonfinite
I 'll get back to you as soon as I have more info ( hopefully later today )	2	Nonfinite
Something else clicked and I tried to see what it was but could n’t see anything .	10	Finite
No extensions shall be granted for the contracting period .	3	Nonfinite
Or of Lenin , as Navrozov accurately characterizes him .	7	Finite
I believe that these are three weekends in a row , January 6 , 13 and 20th .	1	Finite
If they 're going kinda slow and like fake biting ( not biting as hard as they can ) , and fake scratching ( not hitting as hard as they can with their paws ) then they 're playing .	17	Finite
Fort Lee offers international cuisine and is famous for their pizzerias , delis and 24-hour diners , in addition to its Korean restaurants .	6	Finite
The desk agent actually argued with me , claiming that no such alarm had gone off ( as if I would make that up ? ) .	21	Nonfinite
The title page of the 1594 edition of Titus Andronicus reveals that the play had been acted by three different troupes .	10	Finite
" We are seeing many , many countries and especially large new emitters like Brazil , South Africa , India and China stepping up to the plate in terms of playing a role in reducing emissions , " said Guilbeault .	38	Finite
As you know , like Mr Rack , I come from a transit country , where this issue plays a particularly important role .	18	Finite
User requests for additional AS400 functionality and reports have been aggressively prioritised and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of Q1 following the delivery of three reports determined as minimum requirements for the support of OBSF .	17	Nonfinite
He has said that the Iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes needed to weaponize anthrax .	17	Nonfinite
Is there any tricks I could use ?	0	Finite
It was posted on Dec. 11 , but the Human Resource dept said that if it is still on the internet , it is open .	16	Finite
make it fifteen the next day , then twenty , and so on .	0	Finite
A previous cyclone in 1999 in the Bay of Bengal area of India left 10,000 people dead .	13	Finite
Pro-Beijing DAB 's Starry Lee and Holden Chow were successfully elected in this constituency , while pro-Beijing veteran politician Wong Kwok-hing of FTU was defeated by 10,694 votes by James To .	8	Finite
He 's been waiting for you since eight o'clock .	1	Finite
IE6 shipped with Windows XP , nearly a decade ago .	1	Finite
The Jihad " soldiers " join packaged death tours to Iraq and other hotspots , while some of their leaders ski in Switzerland .	5	Finite
It was paddled by black fellows .	1	Finite
Greece , Italy , France , Spain and Austria , have understood that something has to be done and now have a presence in Albania .	14	Finite
Thank you very much , Commissioner .	0	Finite
Some 200,000 guns the US sent to Iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists , it was feared yesterday .	18	Finite
Ladies and gentlemen , you are persistently confusing the Minutes with the Report of Proceedings .	5	Finite
Again , I think the problem is people who sink to far into their own egos , and begin to take their personal metaphors a bit too literaly .	6	Finite
I also realize that some may not have done any works on paper or they are outrageously expensive .	7	Nonfinite
The islamists sent letter bombs in January 1997 to newspaper offices in New York City and Washington , D.C. .	2	Finite
We should have left then .	2	Nonfinite
Recently she has been peeing A LOT .	2	Finite
As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable , it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .	10	Finite
My family is calling for your urgent assistance in funding the removal of the President of the Republic of Iraq and acquiring the petroleum assets of his country , as compensation for the costs of removing him from power .	2	Finite
This was a pleasant and elevating feeling .	1	Finite
Spring festivities include the ever - popular St Patrick ’s Festival .	2	Finite
The bear ran off .	2	Finite
Parliament has demonstrated its great interest in this area on a number of occasions .	2	Finite
My own cousin , Nota Gordon , two years out of the Soviet Union , says to me , " You are no match for them .	21	Finite
We are always talking about quality ; well , I believe that quality also means giving priority to products wholly derived from the vine .	14	Finite
And I gave it all my heart , all my energy , based upon principles that did not change once I got into the Oval Office .	16	Finite
I mean the theory was , whether you believe it or not , that it would be a defensive alliance against potential Soviet aggression , that ’s the basic doctrine .	4	Finite
Unless you want to take the " tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she 's obviously not loving " approach which will likely get you ... uh ... nowhere .	17	Nonfinite
She was dead on -- this restaurant was wonderful --- do not be put off by the one negative review on this page .	12	Finite
Not to mention that the wait staff was about as pleasant as dealing with an angry bull .	7	Finite
They spent a lot of time with me and got me into a great pair of shoes .	9	Finite
While Dudley lolled around watching and eating ice-creams , Harry cleaned the windows , washed the car , mowed the lawn , trimmed the flowerbeds , pruned and watered the roses and repainted the garden bench .	28	Finite
I wondered if anyone ever went back under the bleachers , if there were crickets or mice there .	1	Finite
He sat there impassively , reading the night-owl edition of the next morning 's Daily News .	1	Finite
Please use the form attached when preparing the top ten risks for your businesses .	1	Finite
The equipment and classes are n't good enough to deal with the rudeness from the staff !!!	4	Finite
When you walk across landscapes , it leaps up in the aftermath of your footsteps trying to grab debris .	7	Finite
You have no interest in " two - timing " and all you seek is sincerity and " straight - dealing " .	14	Finite
That makes it much easier to find places than in cities where streets go every which way .	6	Nonfinite
Compelling policymakers to implement such policies will require a new set of skills that draws upon lessons from around the world .	7	Nonfinite
Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population have been destroyed , with some used as building material and others as urinals .	10	Finite
But word of advice if you 're get your girlfriend a laptop make sure it s a good brand a not something like DELL , Acer , Asus , eMachines etc .	6	Finite
So far what they have done together has been good for us and that ’s how we would like to keep it ’’ , says Karzai .	24	Finite
To avoid experiencing a similar dilemma with Jasmine , the filmmakers ultimately decided to have the princess animated entirely at one studio .	14	Nonfinite
The person went to go check with the manager , who was sitting at a table chatting with her friends who were eating there .	11	Finite
Hope to see you soon !	2	Nonfinite
That changed on September 22 when President George W. Bush , Musharraf and Karzai held a three way meeting in New York on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly .	1	Finite
The current complaints allege that HANO has not provided qualified former St. Thomas residents a preference with respect to available public housing units at River Garden per the 2003 agreement .	3	Finite
Having always been close to the Catholic Union , Tina Anselmi attended particularly to the rights of textile workers and teachers .	11	Finite
I do n't know . The girl shrugged once again .	1	Finite
shorts are primarily worn by laborers and schoolchildren .	1	Finite
My hair looks amazing , and I get compliments all the time .	7	Finite
I still have them and they are doing well .	2	Finite
Sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront , and it is on a one - way street , but the restaurant itself is NEVER overcrowded .	2	Finite
They also made one other change , they are taking out the " subject to recall " language at the bottom of page 2 under item # 1 .	2	Finite
And it 's not all about how much you earn , cost of living is much higher in many cities in Australia .	9	Finite
The police would make you take it down and you may face fines and imprisonment ( but definitely not execution . )	11	Nonfinite
( ps. I 'm assuming you 'll stop off in Wellington , and since it s summer , may I recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos ?	15	Finite
Trudeau will extend that invitation to the 45th president of the United States , whoever he or she may be .	19	Nonfinite
If there is no male they are probably infertile !	6	Finite
I think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards , but I wonder about the most appropriate timing , enough of a global message and the means of delivery .	9	Nonfinite
plus we can be outside watching it .	3	Nonfinite
why do nt you get some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does something right .	9	Finite
He lay on his bed watching the sun sinking behind the bars on the window and wondered miserably what was going to happen to him .	1	Finite
Just one small commment - it 's not possible , as far as I know , for Google to " Aquire " Firefox .	20	Nonfinite
Sooner or later they will have to enter the new age .	7	Nonfinite
The main reason is Google is more accessible to the global community and you can rest assured that it 's not going to go away .	5	Finite
This is a busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant , which also must be wonderful - so just ask for what you need , and I 'm sure they will do their best to be hospitable .	1	Finite
Once you 're holding it , try to get her to touch / pet it ...	8	Nonfinite
Just one is plenty — it should n't be a recurring theme throughout your conversation .	6	Finite
Other than picking up objects from the street , Stillman seemed to do nothing .	12	Nonfinite
He worked for the BBC for a decade .	1	Finite
and she was always really shy to show that off to people , and I wanted to help her show that stuff , and I wanted to bring it out to the world .	7	Nonfinite
The difficulty lies in the fact that the confirmation system reads the counterparty 's name from Global Counterparty .	10	Finite
Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today .	13	Finite
At last he called the operator and asked whether the phone was out of order .	7	Finite
The bartender is a douchebag and he has a little console behind the bar where he can delete songs he does n't like , and you end up paying for it .	22	Nonfinite
Harry also had a good comment --- do n't specify the amount of rate increase in our comments ; rather note that the rate increase needs to be well - reasoned and based on facts and evidence .	25	Finite
Today is my last day in the office here at Azurix , and in the coming months , I will start in a new position as SVP in the LNG development group at El Paso Energy .	20	Nonfinite
Ramesses , logistically unable to sustain a long siege , returned to Egypt .	10	Finite
The hall ended in a T and we went left through the gym , walked underneath the bleachers and stood next to the side door , waiting for the rain to stop .	8	Finite
The owner Karla is welcoming and fun .	3	Finite
Greek court has ruled that worshippers of the ancient Greek religion may now formally associate and worship at archeological sites .	2	Finite
You hate to see talent get wasted , but honestly I do n't think I could take in a horse right now these issues .	1	Finite
He could n't tell when things were becoming more unstable as opposed to less .	6	Finite
You might be able to make a version of your setup work , but it would take quite a bit of charcoal and a lot of forced air .	11	Nonfinite
When the war ended he came to Israel via Cyprus , joined Kibbutz Sdot Yam , married , and had two children .	5	Finite
The trustee 's oppositon papers are now due Nov 27 and Enron reply is due Dec 1 .	5	Finite
You have received a good deal of attention recently .	1	Finite
Be sure to ring the little bell on your way out if you enjoyed your meal !	13	Finite
The broadcasts began on August 10 and South Korea says the broadcasts will continue .	2	Finite
It 's natural and so long as you do n't see any serious deterioration in their health is nothing to worry about .	17	Finite
I had a surgery date of July 17 , 2008 .	1	Finite
The mere wealth I leave to others .	4	Finite
I just hate to see the poor dears experience a slow painful death that way :( .	2	Finite
Jason and the boys can do about anything you need .	4	Finite
There were occasional bears on the deck in the morning .	1	Finite
These people were so helpful this week and did everything to sort out my windscreen and insurance .	2	Finite
Security measures are strict on flights to Israel , the bags are searched , the men are frisked , and the women have an electronic hoop passed over them , fore-and-aft .	11	Finite
Twinkle Twinkle lazy star Kitna soyega uthja yaar , up above the world so high , sun has risen in the sky , uthke jaldi pee le chai , then call me up and say " HI "	1	Finite
Europe should not be completely absent , as the states tend to want .	1	Finite
Like Ben , I will still be very much involved with the Mozilla project and community :-)	4	Finite
We will try to complete the I/C with the earliest in - service date possible , but with conditions as they are , a realistic date would be June 15 , 2002 .	21	Finite
But not always do those three agree , and not always are their decisions equal .	3	Finite
Do n't eavesdrop , but when they 're talking to you or to those around you , listen to them .	17	Nonfinite
Whether it might have turned out differently , or whether it was all predetermined with the first word that came from the stranger 's mouth , is not the question .	3	Nonfinite
So the mites do n’t see them when they jump .	3	Finite
Workers who do these introductions look at the interaction objectively ; and it 's good to see they are able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem .	23	Nonfinite
How to Make Vegan Cupcakes	2	Nonfinite
It was the same kind of ominous voice ; but these men could by no stretch of imagination be called enemies .	12	Finite
In fact , we 're more closely related to fungi than we are to any other kingdom .	4	Finite
I 've had 2 cuts now from Georgia and have paid more in other salons / barbershops and have not received this kind of treatment or cut !	9	Finite
On his best walks , he was able to feel that he was nowhere .	6	Finite
Wikinews provides additional video , audio and photographs so our readers may learn more .	12	Nonfinite
I fell asleep thinking about how I wished that the Scathalos outrunners were gone .	7	Finite
Since Enron 's employees are assigned an SAP identification numbers ( P number ) and an HR number , could Enron as a company use these IDs instead of the SS numbers ?	24	Nonfinite
This visa , which is really little more than a piece of paper on which you list your vital statistics , costs between 15 - 25 CUC ( or € 15 - 25 ) , depending on where purchased .	4	Finite
I am currently working on guidelines for Argentina which will address both physical and financial trading .	9	Finite
I may try to run out and take the test this afternoon while I get moved to 30 ( I better not fail it ) .	1	Finite
Do you shoot an arch-murderer who deliberately moves from one location to another , always surrounded by children ?	2	Nonfinite
she needs to develop a personality !	1	Finite
The what ? Auster laughed , and in that laugh everything was suddenly blown to bits .	11	Finite
Will you drive on that day ?	2	Nonfinite
But then again I was nice to them so that could have been why .	4	Finite
Regular tourists who renew their 30 day visa are eligible to depart the country ( to any destination ) and return immediately enjoying a further 60 days ( 30 days plus a 30 day extension ) .	20	Nonfinite
Your breathing should be calm and relaxed , through the nose .	2	Finite
They will , however , cost a bunch .	5	Nonfinite
Valley Metro #13 goes west to S 75th Ave along S Buckeye ( via Greyhound depot ) from Terminal 2 .	3	Finite
Of course Bush would have tried to stop 9/11 if he had known it was coming .	3	Finite
It was the evening when Bray , Neil , Evelyn Odara , one of the South African refugees , the Pettigrews , and a few others set off for the Sputnik Bar .	26	Finite
He will be in Calgary in a couple of weeks and will interview you then .	12	Nonfinite
I ca n't imagine them not being able to meet the Feb 05 deadline .	9	Nonfinite
The money invested in Premium Bonds , and in other National Savings & Investments accounts , is used to help fund Government spending .	20	Nonfinite
I also believe that the regional authorities are not all in a position to establish contacts with the Commission .	14	Nonfinite
Another senior Al Qaeda member ( a shura or policy - making council member no less ) was working for the Egyptian intelligence services and he confirmed the report in a sworn lengthy confession .	17	Finite
I work for a large retail company recently expanding our operations into Canada and had to travel to ensure all of our computer network equipment was installed properly and on time .	18	Nonfinite
Biographers suggest that his career may have begun any time from the mid-1580s to just before Greene 's remarks .	1	Finite
2 ) All M 16's are either automatic or semi automatic .	5	Finite
beware they will rip u off	3	Nonfinite
Was wondering if anyone knew a rough estimate of how much it costs with travel and training	4	Finite
As you 're from the States you 'll have much more fun in London .	8	Nonfinite
i will let you know later .	1	Finite
you will need to give him only a small place to explore , so he can make it his territory , and feel safe there .	4	Nonfinite
Stillman did not talk to anyone , did not go into any stores , did not smile .	9	Nonfinite
not only is this place too expensive for what it is , it s horrible !	10	Finite
The decor left a lot to be desired and the posters telling me all the reasons 99 was great just served as an ironic contrast against the reality .	6	Nonfinite
At the moment there 's no interest , but that 'll probably change .	10	Finite
I may not have to pay a penalty , yet , but this is NOT what I had in mind when hired these guys .	5	Nonfinite
On the phone , you could hear his accent .	6	Nonfinite
You company and services will be recommended by us to everyone . "	5	Nonfinite
The curious traveler can venture to take a bus southwards along Broadway , and come to Jack London Square .	6	Nonfinite
We do not know what is happening .	3	Finite
That said , the maintenance of this forum is handled by Google and thus will remain reliable and it will ultimately give us more time to play :) .	8	Finite
the silky colours of Olivia 's things ... the rugs , cherry- and satin-wood pieces ... and the red earth pots , bits of beadwork , the two fine carvings they once found in the Congo .	32	Finite
Madam President , I would firstly like to point out Mr Poettering 's lack of logic .	6	Nonfinite
The moving company is actualy based in Brooklyn , but advertised all over NY / NJ , including Fort Lee .	3	Finite
They were conquerors , and for that you want only brute force – nothing to boast of , when you have it , since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others .	26	Finite
Amendment No-6 makes more radical changes to the guideline maps , adding new links and creating new categories of ports .	2	Finite
Can you pass this along to Elizabeth to ensure Sanders is on board as well ?	0	Finite
You understand it was a Continental concern , that Trading society ; but I have a lot of relations living on the Continent , because it 's cheap and not so nasty as it looks , they say .	37	Finite
So I may as well just come out with it : It is pretty suspicious , given the Neocon predominance in the CPA and in the upper reaches of the Defense Department that on April 2 AP reported of Muqtada :	12	Finite
The Liberty also visited its private island Half Moon Cay , Puerto Rico , and Grand Turk .	3	Finite
It needs greater definition on the issue of what is to be done at Community level in terms of employment policy .	9	Finite
Walking in the door you are made to feel happy and relaxed .	5	Finite
Inspection of certain of the above inventory balances , by third party inspectors , where there is an expectation that circularisation replies will not be received on a timely basis	16	Finite
There 's a lot of unfunny jokes that are told in a back room , that 's why they stay and die in that back room and do n’t go out in The Onion .	27	Finite
I do n't want to wait till month end , let 's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order , let s take that value into June since it relates to July puts .	5	Nonfinite
THE MANAGER CAME OVER AND SAID HE WAS SORRY AND GAVE A NEW BATCH OF WINGS , HE SAID WE CA NT REALLY DO ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS ARE ALWAYS OPENING AND CLOSING .	23	Nonfinite
The main reason attributed for the pollution of Athens is because the city is enclosed by mountains in a basin which does not let the smog leave .	26	Nonfinite
Quinn stood up from the sofa and turned around , expecting to see Mrs. Stillman .	12	Nonfinite
For a time I would feel I belonged still to a world of straightforward facts ; but the feeling would not last long .	21	Nonfinite
Hang on – this has n't got anything to do with Vol – sorry – with You Know Who , has it ?	9	Nonfinite
They sent over someone who said he knows nothing about curtains and could not show me fabric options or give an estimate .	14	Nonfinite
I had paid in cash , and he said he had no receipt / record of my purchase .	1	Finite
I 'm glad I trusted my gut and did n't get sucked into doing business with them .	10	Nonfinite
Wish I knew what he was up to , said Fred , frowning .	9	Finite
and it will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places , i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go . :D	9	Finite
Good God , they 've been gone at least five or six years .	4	Finite
The media has tended to overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word " domestic " the word includes a US - based , highly - educated supporter of the militant islamists .	12	Finite
Carroll put on his pants , admiring the crease .	1	Finite
My overall impression was that he did n't seem as interested in the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters .	6	Finite
I would suggest going for tribal Sheikhs rather than clerics , since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any Ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority .	23	Nonfinite
I believe that the principle of relative stability is a fundamental legal principle of the common fisheries policy and a proposal to subvert it would be legally inadmissible .	8	Finite
The city regained its importance in Greek civilization , and by 1900 had evolved into a very attractive cosmopolitan city , with abundant neoclassical architecture harking to the nation 's past .	12	Finite
In the Archbishop 's drawing room are golden icons .	6	Finite
With the US military presence posing a threat on their borders in both Iraq and Afghanistan , Iran ’s moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise Karzai so that the US presence in Afghanistan is reduced .	21	Finite
yep they fixeded my thumpstar in 1 day .	2	Finite
Pros : * Jill , the owner , is very nice and really cares about her feedback * Pretty nice atmosphere * Great Dessert * Not your typical veggie selection , I like !	8	Finite
True , by this time it was not a blank space any more .	6	Finite
1575 Leonardo beats Ruy Lopez in Madrid .	2	Finite
César was personally informed of Pompey 's actions by Curio , who at that time had finished his term in office .	1	Finite
He sits down , saying that the influence of Yasir Arafat is evidently weakening and fading .	1	Finite
Here and there bits of ancient Maya stonework can be seen reused in Spanish Colonial era buildings in the old part of town .	8	Finite
what are you doing tonight .	1	Finite
OVERALL DECENT BUT IF YOU ARE EXPECTING A RUTH CHRIS TYPE STEAK , THIS IS NOT IT .	14	Finite
Simply force yourself to use the next 120 seconds to be productive and do the duty you normally would push off for hours or days . [ 1 ] .	10	Nonfinite
We are a consortium of legit honorable guilds that was established in 1997 for DI and we are now adding GW to the list of games played .	1	Finite
There is much talk of privatisation and liberalisation .	1	Finite
If you want to make other languages , you can use this language as a model and change some letters or sounds to create a different language .	4	Nonfinite
It 's not completely clear how much stress this hypnosis causes .	10	Finite
If they 're OK with it , we 'd like to execute it as soon as possible unless there are any objections .	2	Finite
If it is hard to see how Baathist Iraq posed any real threat to Israel , it is not so difficult to see a menace in the current instability .	17	Finite
Do not go there if you expect to sleep through the night .	0	Nonfinite
Inch by inch , the trunk slid through the window .	6	Finite
Socotra Island is very rich and is home to many rare spectacular species of reefs , fish , birds , plants , and trees which are not found anywhere else in the world .	25	Finite
Interested parties involved should be consulted and cooperate actively in this analysis .	3	Finite
Now I 'm the youngest and I just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it 's a good thing ?	19	Finite
Or do you think it ’s nothing ?	1	Finite
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they had n’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .	5	Finite
However , it is okay to wash just a few items with them , like blue jeans .	3	Finite
Caution : Do Not Touch .	2	Finite
Of course he should have got Foreign Affairs .	3	Finite
Please let me know if you would like for me to conference you in .	11	Nonfinite
Now , people wonder if Google can even survive .	8	Nonfinite
They did a very bad job with my hair and were extremely rude when I went back to ask them why it did n't work for my hair .	15	Finite
beware they will rip u off	0	Finite
The US National Hurricane Center said Rita was " extremely dangerous " and could become a top - level category five storm on the Saffir - Simpson scale .	7	Finite
Please let them know that I was simply quoting the CEO of a large , regulated utility in California .	1	Finite
Should flexibility of this kind result in there being inadequate rules in some countries then we should work towards greater harmonisation .	5	Nonfinite
Bending to the left indicates : " I know how to fulfil Your demands . "	8	Finite
Clap your hands or give it a gentle shove until it jumps up and walks away .	0	Nonfinite
He had even imagined the conversation that would follow : he , suavely diffident as the stranger praised the book , and then , with great reluctance and modesty , agreeing to autograph the title page , since you insist .	17	Finite
Electromagnetic fields and their effect on people are subjects that have come up for debate with increasing frequency in recent years .	7	Finite
Kaoshikii is especially good for women .	1	Finite
People were arriving , and the younger one was walking back and forth introducing them .	8	Finite
I have gone there time and time again whenever I need to get my hair done or when I want a haircut .	12	Nonfinite
She has taken care of my sweet girl for almost 4 years now and I would not let Gracee go with anyone besides her !!!	17	Nonfinite
Beware of the nail program you are not taught to use a nail drill AT ALL you learn the old fashioned way of doing nails you will not be able to do well in a salon !!!	28	Nonfinite
With a roar , the fire turned emerald green and rose higher than Fred , who stepped right into it , shouted , Diagon Alley ! and vanished .	27	Finite
I was like Ummmm i can see your ass cheeks ... he was like Oops did i forget my Underwear ???	12	Finite
In some cases the result is because of understaffing , in some cases the staff just does n't care / know better .	20	Nonfinite
Blank screens will not enrich our society .	2	Finite
In ’72 or ’73 , if you were a pilot , active or Guard , and you had an obligation and wanted to get out , no problem .	7	Finite
Place the basil in a blender with a little water .	0	Nonfinite
It will encourage them to place greater reliance on this mode of transport .	5	Nonfinite
Glad I called before I arrived with my box to ship .	5	Finite
If you would like more on sexing out Aplocheilus lineatus take a look at the discussion in the first source below .	2	Finite
I will sum it up with , it was worth every penny !	8	Finite
Well , Clinton came into office what did he do ?	3	Finite
“ I do n’t know what G.D.P. growth was during the Washington and Lincoln Administrations , but the institutional developments in those terms had large and long - lasting effects . ”	8	Finite
I love how it really depends on how good a horse your horse really is , not how talented he is .	14	Finite
no , i am not kidding and no i do n't want it b/c of the taco bell dog .	3	Finite
Dessert was ... hmmm , that 's interesting , I do n't even remember dessert .	10	Finite
We have had no contact with the ENA / Enron Mexico commercial or legal people and I do n't want to bust any structuring goals .	21	Nonfinite
I felt as if I should help her sleep .	5	Finite
it 's got the character of the miners ' pub it was , but it 's very handy for the new government offices , not too overawing , so you get quite a few Africans coming in .	11	Finite
The airport offers free short term parking ( first half-hour free ) .	2	Finite
The situation is also explained by the Asian and Russian crises , which also deprive the European Union of a potential market .	2	Finite
I told him I told you to call him back and at least hear what he has to say .	13	Nonfinite
If desired , the snitch is able to do whatever he or she wants to avoid capture .	13	Finite
I came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction , which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to an account requiring maximum confidence .	3	Nonfinite
The latter date can only have fallen on a Friday if an exceptional leap month had been introduced that year , but this was favoured by Newton .	3	Finite
It is in many ways the birthplace of Classical Greece , and therefore of Western civilization .	1	Finite
I will have to leave downtown at about 945 to catch a plane .	2	Nonfinite
The price they gave was good so I said hey this seems great .	4	Finite
Thunderstorms are rare , as the city reports thunder on just seven days per year .	1	Finite
It ’s this quiet experience where you are trying to soak in what the joke is , have we done anything like this , is it a unique take , what are other people doing .	31	Finite
The ghoul in the attic howled and dropped pipes whenever he felt things were getting too quiet , and small explosions from Fred and George 's bedroom were considered perfectly normal .	11	Finite
On the rooftop patio of the opulent apartment are tubs of fragrant flowers .	8	Finite
In general , we should not be overly prescriptive at this point and I know you agree with that .	6	Nonfinite
The market in agricultural products is therefore no longer linked exclusively to price , but to the region .	5	Finite
Prominent Builders in New Jersey are one the best building contractors , I was referred to them by my friend , I am so glad I used them for my Home renovation , and addition .	22	Finite
It was conducted just off the Mexican coast from April to June .	1	Finite
Take care and hope to hear from you soon .	0	Finite
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand , i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube .	5	Nonfinite
Oh but you should , Mrs. Wentz said , almost dreaming .	3	Finite
Later traditions maintain that he also played Adam in As You Like It and the Chorus in Henry V , though scholars doubt the sources of the information .	2	Finite
So showing the Paralympics live on United States television might turn out to be less glamorous than it appears .	18	Finite
I think they may even be better than the pair I have been using this past year !	11	Finite
Gerry pleasantly said " since I am already here why do n't we give it shot .	6	Finite
I would give the Wildernest inn ten stars of five !	2	Nonfinite
2 Enjoy the basil fresh .	1	Nonfinite
We have had many conversations with them and they have always been extremely patient with me as I tried on multiple hats in search of the right costumes for my magic act .	9	Finite
We just happen to stumble across this little restaurant one day when we had to visit the Bexar County Tax Office off of Bandera Road .	13	Finite
Others can ; you can not .	4	Finite
You may need to play it cool and curb your spending .	2	Nonfinite
Fill the muffin pan .	0	Nonfinite
Mike one of owners was awesome , he explained the detailed plan , and executed on time , I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .	25	Nonfinite
IE 's various versions accounted for 70 percent of the market in 2009 ; this has dropped to approximately 56 percent today .	4	Finite
Pat down soil around the plants to eliminate air pockets .	7	Nonfinite
Please let me know what shape you all think the offer ought to take and we can revise accordingly .	16	Finite
He Would Tear Down Our System Of Checks And Balances , Giving Far Too Much Power To The President	2	Nonfinite
The EU is an inspiring political structure that seeks to break the mold of the nineteenth - century nation - state .	10	Nonfinite
From 1998 onwards , from its inception Disney cruise has attracted many and continue to attract more and more .	15	Nonfinite
This place may have been something sometime ; but it way past it " sell by date " .	2	Finite
I have also tried monthly data and the results are the same .	1	Finite
At times , the pressure on your job and home life may seem unbearable , but rest assured you will come through this stronger - and wiser - than ever , as more is revealed and resolved in 2005 .	16	Finite
Lawsuits have been filed , mailing lists have been shut down , homes of discussion group participants have been raided and their computers seized -- an all-out war . "	7	Finite
Mr. President , as a Nobel Peace Prize recipient and as one of the fathers of the modern peace process in Israel , do you still think that there is a future to the peace process ?	26	Nonfinite
Name your language .	0	Nonfinite
Could this be what you r referencing ?	0	Finite
I flew around like mad to get ready , and before forty-eight hours I was crossing the Channel to show myself to my employers , and sign the contract .	26	Nonfinite
Her high school graduation picture was an aerial photograph .	5	Finite
The Roma deal looks much better .	3	Finite
I had so many strawberries right on the field ... strongly recomend ... do nt forget to try their great ice cream	15	Finite
Users without licenses will be able to view and print the components and the data in them , but they can not interact with or make changes to them .	25	Nonfinite
WebLogic is required by BackWeb , although it is designed by a separate company .	1	Finite
Indeed , it is quite in keeping with the positions this House has always adopted .	12	Finite
How they murdered him I do not know , save that it was Murillo 's hand who struck him down , for Lopez had remained to guard me .	7	Nonfinite
If you have any comments , please let me know .	2	Finite
in some messages the content is of primary consideration , and in others the form must be given a higher priority .	15	Finite
" These estimates coincide with the percentages of new condos entering the rental market upon completion , indicating the important role ( domestic ) investors play in the GTA housing market . "	3	Finite
He 'd almost be glad of a sight of his arch-enemy , Draco Malfoy , just to be sure it had n't all been a dream .	17	Nonfinite
If you 'd rather dine at home , simply call in your order with our take - out service .	2	Finite
The climate is so dry that these plains are sometimes thought of as part of the Sahara .	8	Finite
The questions answered previously referred to Mrs De Palacio 's intervention , on another occasion , and not to these comments which appeared in the Abc newspaper on 18 November .	22	Finite
What justifies this extraordinary mistreatment ?	1	Finite
However , Proust wrote later in life that the contemporary fashion to rank Balzac higher than Tolstoy was " madness .	12	Nonfinite
We had a lot of colonies containing a lot of ants , and wherever possible we conducted the experiment blind .	1	Finite
His number is 860-665-2368 and e-mail address is leporjj@selectenergy.com .	7	Finite
He was walking .	1	Finite
We hypothesized that the children , who were over the age of six at the time of collection , would have adult-like SI interpretations .	1	Finite
So can somebody please list ALL of the food that includes the game pieces , and the number of game pieces you get with THAT FOOD !	1	Finite
All you have to do to make it authentic Jamaican food , is add a whole lot of pepper .	4	Nonfinite
The lime green Skittles add a sourness to the drink , so if you want one that 's sweet , leave the green ones out and add them to their own bottle for a sour lime vodka .	4	Finite
The layout of a PivotTable view does not have to include all of the fields that are available from the underlying record source .	10	Nonfinite
They vehemently protested the Israeli assassination of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , the leader of Hamas , last March .	2	Finite
Le Monde gloated over this reversal .	2	Finite
I do n't know if there is anything I can do but I 'm always willing to help .	1	Finite
Please let me know what is possible , and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions ( 978-376-9004 ) .	18	Finite
Remember , at the beginning they burn his books of chivalry , but that has no effect .	14	Finite
Whitmore stated to LA Weekly that the alleged crime involved five hard drives each of $ 200 in value .	9	Finite
( Because apparently my mom is very picky , she says the bird might get sick if it does n't eat the right food ) IS there any specific food I might find at any pet shop ?	18	Finite
I just wanted to try your clinic because I was not totally happy with my current therapist I regularly see .	9	Finite
As Indian Commerce Minister Anand Sharma put it , " inherent flexibilities must be provided to developing countries .	6	Finite
My weekends seem to be taken up with condo matters , house hunting .	4	Nonfinite
To solve problems , to help , to befriend , to increase freedom .	1	Nonfinite
First of all I think maybe they have bad teachers , which is a problem .	4	Finite
<< In " Love 's Labour 's Lost " we find a character Don Adriana de Armatho , full of affection and bombast .	10	Finite
This can cause the chicken significant discomfort , leading to fainting or even , rarely , death .	2	Nonfinite
Labor shifted from farming to mining .	1	Finite
Let me know if this is your understanding , as well .	0	Finite
You hate to see talent get wasted , but honestly I do n't think I could take in a horse right now these issues .	5	Nonfinite
Some confounded fact we men have been living contentedly with ever since the day of creation would start up and knock the whole thing over .	17	Nonfinite
She is a creme tabby and I 've had her for over 2 years now .	1	Finite
You either 1 ) sacrifice on breadth and do n't produce the topics that wo n't interest advertisers , or 2 ) you sacrifice on quality and produce content that does n't cost much to write .	8	Finite
They fixed the queso !	1	Finite
York is full of magic and a wonderful place to bring children !	10	Nonfinite
The heavy pole had skinned his poor nose .	3	Finite
Bray was slightly embarrassed by gossip , when quite sober , and said hesitantly , smiling ,	1	Finite
Dr. Fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the Soper River .	10	Finite
I will be in touch directly re the items needing approval	1	Finite
The owner is the one who is unable .	6	Finite
Although the region is small , it is characterized by unique land and marine biodiversity .	7	Finite
You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment , but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you .	29	Nonfinite
Well , I 've got news for you , boy . I 'm locking you up you 're never going back to that school . never . and if you try and magic yourself out – they 'll expel you !	38	Nonfinite
York is frequently ranked ( often vying with Manchester ) the second most visited city in England after London .	3	Finite
Any use of the work other than as authorized under this license or copyright law is prohibited .	15	Finite
" If a school bus carrying fifty children drove off a cliff , killing everyone involved ... that would be a tragedy " .	19	Nonfinite
It is particularly important in the light of reports in the media that Europe is rapidly losing ground to the US in the hi-tech growth industries of the future .	14	Finite
After changing the security mode , it is strongly recommended that the SA password be changed by using the Set Login Password command ( on the Tools menu , point to Security ) .	14	Finite
Seeking common ground with my wife ( a laudable desire ) , he tells her that he too is Rumanian by origin .	18	Finite
We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected , but let me know what we can do .	30	Finite
** Google defies US over search data **	2	Finite
I 'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY .	7	Finite
Well , what 'd you think ?	5	Nonfinite
Otherwise , we can see who we can scare up at the office , or you can have Laura sign and I 'll initial later .	4	Nonfinite
The Hong Kong government , which is led by pro-Beijing lawmakers , have argued that the pair should not take office .	19	Nonfinite
Try this for 5 to 10 minutes .	0	Finite
He was quiet .	1	Finite
I would like to invite you to come to a site where you can hear talking parakeets that are not just mimicking , but actually talking in sophisticated conversational language .	4	Nonfinite
Disney cruises offer 24 - hour room services , and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like .	12	Finite
It is important to recognize that the specific format of the east-west numbered street names is West / East 71st Street North / South .	4	Nonfinite
I have wifi at my house , but that s just at my house ... is there any way i can buy some card to make the ipod itself have wifi ?	15	Finite
It would n't be the first time he 'd collapsed on a delivery .	8	Finite
I would like maybe 5 stalls per barn so make sure the stalls are not that big so it can fit .	20	Nonfinite
Fish tacos are my fave simple and filling Highly recommend Mi Pueblo .	2	Finite
Only the man with the flowered sponge-bag , as if unaware of this useful convention , insisted on a Here we are again smile .	21	Finite
We whittle that down on a Monday to about a hundred , come in Tuesday and pick an issue and brainstorm with the whole editorial staff ; all fifteen of us .	12	Finite
He inspired uneasiness . That was it ! Uneasiness . Not a definite mistrust – just uneasiness – nothing more .	5	Finite
hey kido u made me smile	3	Finite
It is the attention to detail and the quality of the work taught at TomiPilates that sets this studio apart from the others .	1	Finite
After 1610 , Shakespeare wrote fewer plays , and none are attributed to him after 1613 .	10	Finite
But i paid $ 100 .	2	Finite
Oh Hjalmar Wentz must have been .	3	Finite
I am out of the office today but will be back tomorrow .	9	Nonfinite
This last thought reminded him of something important .	3	Finite
" There 's a lot of impact on plants and they say , ' Who cares ? '	15	Finite
You could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point , it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive .	1	Finite
he failed in all of these efforts .	1	Finite
I wonder if I could talk to you . It 's quite important .	10	Finite
Focus your list on including the things you typically put off , not the things you are sure to do on a regular basis .	9	Finite
Just my opinion here - no judgement - getting your snake on frozen / thawed will prove to be much easier for you and safer for your snake in the long run .	18	Nonfinite
Another variation is where the referee places the snitch somewhere in the field ( in this case it 's a small ball ) .	6	Finite
He did make a point , however , of leaving her " my second best bed " , a bequest that has led to much speculation .	2	Nonfinite
I ended up getting a pair of zebra finches for christmas .	1	Finite
Both have full 1080 video with stereo recording , so that does n't matter .	1	Finite
Could you send me a set ?	2	Nonfinite
I m really looking forward to Guild Wars .	1	Finite
His plays remain highly popular today and are constantly studied , performed , and reinterpreted in diverse cultural and political contexts throughout the world .	14	Finite
So there is a lot of hurry - up pressure on the Senate to give its prompt vote of approval .	14	Nonfinite
for the past few days she has been shivering and wo nt eat but she could walk now her hid legs are not working but she is back to her self .. what should i do .?	10	Finite
Listen up , kids : You 'll be working with a solution that 's near a 12 on the pH scale .	6	Finite
" We applaud China 's space achievements , " NASA spokesman Allard Beutel said Tuesday .	13	Finite
I have never had a problem with their hours because I always go during the mornings .	1	Finite
I got highlights , haircut , and a blowdry .	1	Finite
So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)	31	Finite
I should ruddy well think not , growled Hagrid .	1	Finite
More than ever , police and prosecutors have the tools and the will to go after horrific crimes , even when the defendants are seemingly powerful individuals or institutions .	14	Nonfinite
Michael helped shoot the majority of my firm 's website and we could not have been happier .	12	Finite
Rafferty recorded a new version of his Humblebums song " Her Father Did n't Like Me Anyway " on the album Over My Head ( 1994 ) .	12	Finite
Cervantes describes how he discovered the manuscript by chance one day in the market at Toledo .	1	Finite
You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment , but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you .	27	Finite
Please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to Internet email for messages of this kind .	8	Finite
This Muggle woman bought it , took it home and tried to serve her friends tea in it .	10	Finite
The salatim salads are the smallest plates I 've ever seen placed in front of me ( you would most likely think they were condiments if it were n't explained to you ) .	3	Finite
The profits obtained from prosperous textile mills opened up practically unlimited possibilities for their owners .	7	Finite
An investor with average luck and £ 10,000 in bonds could expect to receive £ 125 in prizes per year .	13	Nonfinite
Here is the Job Description and the Operational Accountabilities for the position I mentioned to you last Sunday .	13	Finite
I would like to draw people 's attention to Amendments Nos 1 and 2 which were agreed by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs but not accepted by the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .	15	Finite
It shall promote understanding , tolerance and friendship among all nations , racial or religious groups , and shall further the activities of the United Nations for the maintenance of peace .	19	Nonfinite
He believes memos and e-mails around the time of Winter 's Dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues .	1	Finite
Use funnels , measuring tubes , and basters to keep everything well-measured and well away from you .	9	Nonfinite
I was unsure of what he should wear , it says business casual but that can be interpreted in many different ways .	15	Finite
Here , cars are absolutely necessary , and he 'd have to have one , too .	9	Finite
If they ask how much I 'm willing to pay , what is a good price range ?	6	Finite
I am half way through the first and you can borrow it when I am through .	1	Finite
I was gon na have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having Having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places I know are denny 's and ihop .	1	Finite
There should be a prioritisation in favour of staff exchanges and specific training , including case studies .	2	Nonfinite
Harry fought to keep his face straight as he emerged .	1	Finite
I just wanted to try your clinic because I was not totally happy with my current therapist I regularly see .	2	Finite
Despite being the number one distributor of equipment and textiles worldwide , the German company was in financial trouble .	15	Finite
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one .	1	Finite
He stood at the sink , drinking cold water and looking at the avocado pear pip growing suspended by three matchsticks in the neck of a pickle jar of water on the sill .	1	Finite
The Arab Revolt which began in 1916 turned the tide against the Ottomans on the Middle Eastern front , where they initially seemed to have the upper hand during the first two years of the war .	7	Finite
The Americans wanted the new regime to make the populace literate , to create " a large and stable middle class a sufficient identification of local ideals and values , so that truly indigenous democratic institutions could grow up . "	2	Finite
The Board of Muslim clerics in Fallujah , 50 km west of Baghdad , " condemned the assassination and promised immediate revenge against the coalition soldiers in Iraq . "	19	Finite
Travelling on your own you would have to pay double as cabins are sold on the basis of double occupancy .	12	Finite
Again , I think the problem is people who sink to far into their own egos , and begin to take their personal metaphors a bit too literaly .	20	Nonfinite
In George Orwell 's influential novel " 1984 " doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as " war is peace " .	22	Nonfinite
The community center has dance , yoga , and other exercise classes , offers open gym hours for basketball or other recreation .	13	Finite
You are the best !	1	Finite
Contact the Indian railways .	0	Finite
The Hong Kong government , which is led by pro-Beijing lawmakers , have argued that the pair should not take office .	17	Finite
extend the time he is out each day , but for the first month , always put him in his room at night , so he feels safe to sleep .	0	Finite
If that facility is available to Vice-President – and good luck to him – is it available to other Members ?	14	Finite
Dando refilled the brandy glasses again .	1	Finite
It looks like the future of space exploration might as well be with the space tourists .	1	Finite
Yes storage for your luggages is still available at Gare Montparnasse .	5	Finite
He 's only exhibited weight loss and some muscle atrophy , with the slight toe drag and a bit of trouble with the right lead ( which could or could n't be related ) .	27	Finite
A black man in khaki shorts ( used to be a white man in white stockings ) sprayed a cloyingly perfumed insecticide over the passengers ' heads as a precaution against the plane harbouring mosquitoes and tsetse flies .	17	Finite
i have tried EVERYTHING i can to get him to eat but he refuses .	7	Nonfinite
Please let me know what time would work for you .	7	Nonfinite
He wondered if Peter saw the same things as he did , or whether the world was a different place for him .	4	Finite
I was already a vegetarian when I read it a little more than a year ago , but it was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan .	7	Finite
Furthermore , the Vestry voted unanimously to invite the support of members of the CHS congregation for the Declaration .	4	Finite
You fancied you had seen things – but the seal was on .	10	Finite
These grew spontaneously one out of the other , and once you had been present at the first , you got handed on to all the others .	20	Finite
Can somebody give me the names some collages that do post 18 ( degrees or foundation degrees ) in either :	10	Nonfinite
So you do n’t have writers coming up with a story and headline , but you will instead have a team of writers choosing the best headlines and then assign it to a particular writer who was not necessarily involved ?	29	Nonfinite
More recently , he erred in accepting a transportation bill that had huge flaws and huge tax increases , rather than prioritizing spending and seeking more rational , efficient , decentralized transportation decision-making .	11	Finite
I was searching for dog food info and found this post .	8	Finite
We now return you to your regularly scheduled programming ....	2	Finite
He was still working as an actor in London in 1608 ;	1	Finite
At the front door of his office , I nearly turned around .	10	Finite
What do I look as if I 'd sing ?	3	Nonfinite
He 's not lame , but he 's been having issues .	7	Finite
Edwards is a strong supporter of Israel , and believes that the U.S. has a vital role in promoting peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians . "	9	Finite
He turned on the television and watched the first two innings of the Mets game .	1	Finite
These work only on a single line of sight , so you need to know the exact path the mice are taking .	12	Finite
I will initiate the call .	2	Nonfinite
Women defy the laws of purse-space , so when it comes to bib pockets , the sky is the limit .	10	Finite
The first part is called Legato and the second part was called Staccato .	10	Finite
When the Hasid returns to his seat after prayers , I tell him that my wife , a woman of learning , will be lecturing at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem .	11	Finite
Telling good jokes is an art that comes naturally to some people , but for others it takes practice and hard work .	17	Finite
Let us know and we can add it , and make any other changes you 'd like to make at this end .	6	Nonfinite
No , it 's really not , so it 's really important to be able to get as a many international trips throughout the year to continue our improvement .	3	Finite
So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)	3	Finite
Pew researchers looked at about 40 studies that could provide an assessment of whether climate was affecting biology .	2	Finite
News coverage of the president ’s years in the Guard has tended to focus on one brief portion of that time — to the exclusion of virtually everything else .	10	Finite
You will be more eloquent and persuasive than usual , and others will identify enthusiastically with your vision .	12	Finite
" Port Blair , Havelock Islands , Diglipur , Middle Nicobar , Campbell 's Bay , Neil Islands and Rangott are mostly overrun by foreigners , " he said .	28	Finite
Any good poses or programs ( I 'm willing to buy a dvd as long as it is under $ 20 ) to help specifically with leg stabilization ?	23	Nonfinite
The procedures for the exercise of these implementing powers conferred on the Commission were laid down afresh in the Council Decision of June 1999 .	13	Finite
I have used them once and will use them in the future .	6	Finite
When items in a field are hidden by conditional filtering , a funnel appears to the left of the drop-down arrow Field arrow .	13	Finite
To get her to talk , although I was tired of lingua and I did n't really want to think about anything .	8	Finite
Use Travelocity or Expedia and see what you come up with .	8	Finite
Then , of course , there is the evidence the jury did not hear about in the Robinson case ...	11	Finite
Can a government listen to phone conversations of terrorists and drug dealers ?	0	Finite
CAMBRIDGE – The promise that each generation will be better off than the last is a fundamental tenet of modern society .	14	Finite
The lighting was not the best , but the pics turned out ok in my opinion .	2	Finite
The paperwork was a very easy and smooth .	2	Finite
After one month 's full - bore effort , I 'm pleased with the results ( e.g. , we forecast Nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned out $ 46 ) .	28	Finite
I enjoyed very much to study here .	1	Finite
Food was cooked by many hands .	1	Finite
Bray felt he must be somewhere about ; it was difficult to imagine this time without him .	1	Finite
All he could tell was that he was standing in the stone fireplace of what looked like a large , dimly lit wizard 's shop – but nothing in here was ever likely to be on a Hogwarts school list .	4	Finite
Hence the lack of solitude , the inability to be alone in the spiritual sense , and to arrive at a life of intellectual creativity . "	9	Nonfinite
Do you have a tel # for Mike ?	0	Finite
Incitement by Arab TV , accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies , has become a powerful weapon of those who lie , distort and want to destroy everything .	21	Finite
The cars " will " be warranted and safe , but they wo n't be exceptionally " flash " .	5	Nonfinite
I now use a 75 watt basking or heat bulb for mine and he seems to like it	14	Finite
Suicide murders are not a new invention but they have been made popular , if I may use this expression , only lately .	2	Finite
The city had about 391,000 people and the metro area had about 937,000 people as of 2010 from the US Census Bureau .	2	Finite
As the plant matures , pinch off the top two pairs of leaves once a stalk reaches a reasonable height .	5	Nonfinite
Sufaat used his company called Green Laboratory Medicine to buy items useful to Al Qaeda .	1	Finite
Just because Al Qaeda likes its truck bombs and the like to be effective does not mean they do not see the value in a deadly missive .	14	Finite
Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under John 's name ( if so , to whom will the letter be sent ) ?	32	Nonfinite
It relied on volunteers and state militia units , which faced logistical , training and food problems in the staging areas in Florida .	1	Finite
The origin of the word Hispania is much disputed and the evidence for the various speculations are based merely upon what are at best mere resemblances , likely to be accidental , and suspect supporting evidence .	29	Nonfinite
It was his job to make the food , which consisted mainly of gristle-studded hamburger patties , bland sandwiches with pale tomatoes and wilted lettuce , milkshakes , egg creams , and buns .	10	Finite
i am going out tonight to get wasted if anyone is interested .	1	Finite
At times I suspect that the world would be glad to see the last of its Christianity , and that it is the persistency of the Jews that prevents it .	28	Finite
To pander to the mythical " Arab street " , of course .	1	Nonfinite
He felt himself the middle-aged relative , a man of vague repute come from afar to the wedding and drawn helplessly and not unenjoyably into everything .	1	Finite
As I recall , this bus drops you off near the Opera in Paris .	6	Finite
In the following example , Year is the outer field and Salesperson is the inner field .	12	Finite
I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts .	1	Finite
However since the elections Iranian influence has proved critical in convincing the Hazara Shia candidate Mohammed Mohaqeq to accept the results of the elections and later convincing Qanooni to do the same .	6	Finite
In Pluviose year III ( January - February 1794 ) , easing off the pressure of the Reign of Terror , he took various measures to liberate the suspects .	22	Finite
Per September financials , this company has about $ 3 M of MTM and about $ 8 K of expenses , nothing else .	6	Finite
It actually had a hole in one of the slices .	2	Finite
Would n't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves , or to talk their sons into doing it , if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor ?	16	Nonfinite
Given that financial institutions had been attracting the best and brightest from around the world , one would have expected nothing less .	4	Finite
" Balzac 's extensive use of detail , especially the detail of objects , to illustrate the lives of his characters made him an early pioneer of literary realism .	15	Nonfinite
I admit that I should have paid attention to this kind of little things while test drive .	4	Finite
The followup visit is FREE !!	3	Finite
Israel , however , is much closer to Iraq and is likely to suffer from Iraqi instability much more acutely than will the United States .	10	Finite
If you have a strong aversion to this outcome , aiming head-downward before impact in the manner of an Olympic diver may ensure the destruction of your cranium and your immediate demise .	2	Finite
He 'll set up a real tour of the area for you , not some tourist fantasy .	1	Finite
Which is so dumb .	1	Finite
" We called her the inventor of the 89 degrees .	2	Finite
Despite the name , this entity appears to be a MTM company .	8	Nonfinite
The beating that these countries ' currencies have taken as the US Federal Reserve begins to tighten monetary policy is just the start ;	19	Finite
From childhood to old age they remained the same , and a man with the head to see it could theoretically look into the eyes of a boy in a photograph and recognize the same person as an old man .	17	Nonfinite
we can go somewhere nice .	2	Nonfinite
For example , some snakes will routinely go off their food in both the summer and winter , feeding mainly in spring and fall .	5	Finite
He was discharged when the Continental Army was disbanded in December 1783 .	1	Finite
You can also select the objects displayed in the data outline , set their properties , define and edit relationships between record sources , and delete fields and record sources .	3	Nonfinite
We were standing in the store for 20 minutes to simply pick up an order .	11	Nonfinite
At the very worst , they could take on new identities , live under different names .	7	Nonfinite
Also , Beardies often do not eat food that is not moving , so it s anyone 's guess whether or not he 'll touch the freeze - dried crickets or the processed food .	9	Finite
Does anyone know of any good food in iguazu ?	2	Nonfinite
A sensitive Environment Canada document was found wet on an Ottawa street by someone who gave it to the CBC today .	5	Finite
On Friday , fishermen rescued over 700 asylum seekers whose boat sank , and the Indonesian Navy reportedly saved 200 more after they were found swimming along the coast of Aceh , Indonesia .	23	Finite
At any rate , there is still quite a lot of circumvention and evasion in this area by the Member States .	5	Finite
The measures thus decided on shall be applicable forthwith , shall take account of the interest of all parties concerned and shall not entail frontier controls .	6	Nonfinite
Please let me know if this sounds good , and if you have any question , please ask .	12	Finite
Clinton tried , and tried hard .	1	Finite
Why have a " minimum " if it is going to be ignored ?	1	Nonfinite
Unlike an opossum , the chicken gives an unconvincing act , as it continues to blink and breathe in an obvious way . "	13	Finite
I have n't been able to find a shoe repair place in Seattle since that has been able to do it .	19	Nonfinite
And , let 's remember , flying supersonic fighter jets is dangerous !	10	Finite
I do not want to have to bring them back before they are eight weeks old but they are ruining my apartment .	7	Nonfinite
Find people to subscribe to .	0	Finite
First of all , I am very sorry to hear you 're having this issue with your cat . :(	5	Finite
I was thinking cichlids ?	1	Finite
Then earlier this year these shirts started to come out that said , " Poet says We Know " .	11	Finite
Last year we just knew we were going to the playoffs ; we knew we were going post-season .	6	Finite
Looks good	0	Finite
Dando glowered pettishly over his third or fourth gin and ginger beer .	1	Finite
he makes so much MORE noise , as he plays and digs and jumps ( seriously )	1	Finite
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they had n’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .	13	Finite
I swear that he might have twisted it off had I understood what it would mean to Garcia .	15	Nonfinite
For one brief instant Quinn thought , So this is what detective work is like . But other than that he thought nothing .	21	Finite
This message is confidential .	2	Finite
Drug abuse can affect the ability of the person to feel deep emotions like empathy .	3	Nonfinite
I really want to like this place since I work right around the corner .	9	Finite
Look for a lot of stripes in their head that starts from the beak and goes back to the back fo the bird .	0	Finite
But my father 's former Iraqi business partner remained in control of the republic of Iraq and its petroleum reserves .	8	Finite
( By whom , I do n't know .	5	Finite
What you do n’t want to wash with them is anything that can get twisted up with the straps , like women ’s long sleeve shirts or kids ’ blankets .	13	Nonfinite
have fun .	0	Finite
Great place to live if you work in and around downtown San Jose !	6	Finite
We are now fighting over who is going to pay for it .	9	Nonfinite
If you 're adventurous you can take a bus or water taxi to My Tho ( near where we live ) or Can Tho .	2	Finite
He willl eventually come and explore it and them you can handle him a little bit .	5	Nonfinite
And if a tree was not a tree , he wondered what it really was .	10	Finite
Unfortunately Debbie and I will not be able to attend due to previous committments .	6	Nonfinite
There was no need to open the big shutter to see .	1	Finite
The man was obviously enjoying himself , but the precise nature of that pleasure eluded Quinn .	14	Finite
They bake bread fresh daily , they do n't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it , and the meat is always fresh .	9	Nonfinite
Chicken saltimboca was excellent and then there 's the chocolate mousse that comes straight from heaven .	12	Finite
This one should possibly be assigned to Networks & Services group .	2	Finite
Even though I live pretty far from her office I still make the trip so my daughters will have the BEST !	11	Finite
The man was reading the sports section of the Times , and Quinn glanced over to read the account of Mets ' loss the night before .	16	Nonfinite
or would the steam from the shower be a problem ?	7	Nonfinite
We 're gearing up for our 2001 / 02 recruiting campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and what can be improved in our process .	13	Finite
I 'll take it to my bank tomorrow morning , deposit it in my account , and give you the money when it clears .	23	Finite
Criminals released from prison during the war served in his company .	1	Finite
I 'd go back if I could get the last minute rate again of $ 99 , but I would n't pay their rack rate .	1	Finite
In fact you can ask questions about why it should ever have existed , but now why should it exist .	4	Nonfinite
People were encouraged to submit their designs online at www.flag.govt.nz and suggest what the flag should mean on www.standfor.co.nz .	11	Nonfinite
I noticed there was a hole in the bottom of his pail .	1	Finite
While in the U.S. , he took occasion to study the country 's educational system .	9	Nonfinite
Extensible Markup Language ( XML ) is the standard language for describing and delivering data on the Web , just as Hypertext Markup Language ( HTML ) is the standard language for creating and displaying Web pages .	27	Finite
During the summer their outdoor theatre is used for performances and " movies in the park " every Friday night .	6	Finite
Water the mature basil plants once a day , in the morning , so the water has time to soak in and evaporate rather than sitting on the plants overnight .	16	Finite
I experienced that kind of adversity during 9/11 being a civilian volunteer .	1	Finite
They made me feel confident in what they would do , and treated me like a member of their own family .	3	Nonfinite
Play your CD's , 8 - tracks , reel to reels , cassettes , vinyl 33 / 45's , and shellac 78's through this little integrated amp , you 'll get a big eye opener !	29	Finite
There will be two volumes to this saga .	2	Nonfinite
--- $ 10 million is provided for Centennial Challenges .	4	Finite
The only thing that was edible was the steamed rice and the vegetable lo mein was barely tolerable .	6	Finite
And the salsa , be sure to ask for a jar and have plenty of chips around , you will need them .....	20	Nonfinite
“ More people are turning to credit … While this borrowing might be manageable now , a sudden change in circumstances could lead to debt problems . ”	22	Nonfinite
He was about to tell her who he was , but then he realized that it made no difference .	8	Finite
But privatisation does not even come into question in this context , it is not being proposed .	5	Finite
We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected , but let me know what we can do .	31	Nonfinite
and it will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places , i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go . :D	28	Finite
I swear that he might have twisted it off had I understood what it would mean to Garcia .	14	Finite
I used to LOVE this place .	1	Finite
The deeper problem lies with the excessive financialization of the global economy that has occurred since the 1990 ' s .	13	Finite
Anyway , I tried to get a preorder but no places were selling it so I missed out on 2/3 weekend events .	3	Finite
What matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving Spain out of Iraq .	9	Finite
When making a writing system , take a break about every five minutes and come back to it or all your letters will begin to look identical .	14	Nonfinite
Also keep in mind whether you want to be able to jump up from the ground , if you even need to , etc .	20	Finite
This is what I would say if I did answer her :	5	Nonfinite
I leave it to you as homework to figure out what Spain or France would have done , in such a situation .	1	Finite
Shakespeare 's next comedy , the equally romantic Merchant of Venice , contains a portrayal of the vengeful Jewish moneylender Shylock , which reflects Elizabethan views but may appear derogatory to modern audiences .	12	Finite
1 Harvest and prune .	3	Nonfinite
I hope to lead the Republican party in a new direction for working class Americans .	3	Nonfinite
I told Paul that you called him yesterday so abruptly because you did n't want to waste his time while you got tests done for arthritis .	1	Finite
After a series of economic setbacks , health problems , and prohibitions from the Tsar , the couple were finally able to wed .	18	Finite
The reports say she is suspected of having been a member of Al Qaeda 's " Chemical Wire Group . "	2	Finite
The real focus of the meeting will be on how we should build these services to meet the needs of businesses operating in B2B marketplaces .?	12	Nonfinite
they do nt hurt unless you r stupid enough to press on them .	3	Nonfinite
AVOID AT ALL COSTS .	0	Finite
To this end , Europe as a whole , and each Member State individually , will have to make optimum use of all available resources and capacities , including the Structural Funds .	18	Nonfinite
May seem a little silly , but , taking a long ride on the Metra system or the " L " system is a great way to see the city and sites without spending a fortune .	1	Nonfinite
It 's about time we got together .	5	Finite
Pets Discount has lovely employees , a wonderful grooming service , and everything I need to keep my dog in tip top condition !	2	Finite
Great for the kiddies - they love the labyrinth ( do n't forget to tell 'em it s really a ' pagen ' thing ! ) .	14	Nonfinite
It should be assigned to North America ( Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker ) .	1	Finite
The economic analogue of codependency applies especially well to the US and China .	5	Finite
What cleaners can I use to dust around my budgie .	6	Nonfinite
let him out for half an hour , to explore .	9	Nonfinite
The one time I actually booked through a travel agent I did not get all of the amenities I had paid for .	13	Nonfinite
Yes the parking can be a challenge but being from NJ I am no stranger to tight corners .	12	Finite
Two of the most notable Mediterranean civilisations in classical antiquity were the Greek city states and the Phoenicians , both of which extensively colonised the coastlines of the Mediterranean .	23	Finite
The letters , six in all , were sent within two hours of each other and represented dozens of power generators .	16	Finite
If you still have it , can you send it to him at " Mark EI.London Taylor " ?	8	Nonfinite
At the same time , it pleased him to know that Stillman also had a red notebook , as if this formed a secret link between them .	13	Finite
Have both of the teams turn around and have the referee throw it into the grass or pitch while the teams are n't looking .	21	Finite
The credit guys are currently assuming that there is no correlation and may consequently be double dipping the credit reserve on this basis too .	12	Finite
Meiring 's crimes are fresh , and wave the false flag which is the " War on Terror . "	7	Finite
In the midst of a foreign - capital bonanza , stagnant levels of private investment in tradable goods are a particularly powerful danger signal that no amount of government mythmaking should be allowed to override .	30	Finite
Wikinews provides additional video , audio and photographs so our readers may learn more .	11	Finite
Your teacher knows what goes on in your community and wants to keep her job .	4	Finite
A maximum guaranteed area of 829229 ha is hereby established .	7	Finite
If you have not already made these decisions , Essie 's guidance should be helpful .	13	Nonfinite
Can we get some help on the IBM issues ?	0	Finite
Suggest what you like , they just talk it away into the cigarette smoke , nobody even listens .	17	Finite
If you were of integrity , the program will continue and the money that so many others have received will come your way .	20	Nonfinite
You review and approve it , keep it on your desk , and I will come over and make the change at your desk on Monday .	6	Finite
The South Korean company initially thought a battery fault was to blame , and switched its own component for a third - party power cell .	14	Finite
Bending backward represents : " I am ready to face all obstacles that may come . "	13	Finite
Do people Bare - knuckle box in Ireland ?	5	Nonfinite
go to LA after say 11:00 search the street corners btw keep ur wallet locked up and have $ 200 on hand have a gun just in case btw	17	Finite
These books were potboiler novels , designed to sell quickly and titillate audiences .	8	Nonfinite
Run do n't walk .	0	Finite
I should like to address one final point .	2	Nonfinite
Do you still have the historical nymex settle file that you created for Lavo 's spread analysis ?	0	Finite
<< He could do little during the day , for Murillo took every precaution and never went out save with his satellite Lucas , or Lopez as he was known in the days of his greatness .	28	Finite
The city is 430 km south of Tehran at the foothills of the Zagros mountain range .	2	Finite
I think it is wonderfully responsible that you are going into this rescue eyes open and are getting the opinions of qualified professionals ( and a bunch of Yahoos ) before you decide to take this horse on .	32	Nonfinite
After my last day in Sydney , I will be going to Fiji before heading back to the states .	9	Nonfinite
If you have not already seen the Flash movie Epic , you should take a few minutes and view the future history of media as conceived by Robin Sloan and Matt Thompson , with music by Aaron McLeran .	13	Nonfinite
The Jewish community was practically wiped out , and many others lost their lives .	3	Finite
Signs of this can be hard to spot , and if this is true in her case she will definitely need to see a vet .	18	Finite
It sounds like a firmware issue and the camera requires a re-boot just like what happens in a computer - needs a re-start from time to time but it should n't be happening in a camera .	15	Finite
The true absurdity of the entire situation is easily appreciated when we consider that George W. Bush never showed any bravery at all at any point in his life .	12	Finite
We regret this and reaffirm our commitment to inform Parliament of all important agency decisions that have a financial impact .	4	Finite
Evil-looking masks stared down from the walls , an assortment of human bones lay upon the counter , and rusty , spiked instruments hung from the ceiling .	13	Finite
Put guards in front of every concert hall and there will always be a line of people to be checked by the guards and this line will be the target , not to speak of killing the guards themselves .	27	Nonfinite
Cotton was born on October 31 , 1832 , in a village near Sunderland .	1	Finite
A bar did not appeal to him tonight – eating in the dark , the press of boozy chatter – although normally he would have welcomed it .	2	Finite
Harry , Ron , Fred and George were planning to go up the hill to a small paddock the Weasleys owned .	7	Finite
With your help , we know she can do it !!	5	Finite
This is no reason to dislike her .	1	Finite
Enjoy those 2 days it better then not going at all .!	0	Finite
his clinic is very very dirty he is a real disaster to go totally not organized for every step he take .	12	Nonfinite
A ball flying in the air can hurt .	6	Finite
WT Cal has been added .	2	Finite
I want to go all over :) I do n't have a set route yet .	1	Finite
In addition , if you choose to use Facebook from your mobile device , please note that you will be responsible for any fees associated with internet usage and / or text messaging as determined by your mobile service provider .	19	Nonfinite
The good Ã³l US of A ai nt what it used to be .	10	Finite
The Romantic poets attempted to revive Shakespearean verse drama , though with little success .	5	Nonfinite
I may have to postpone again , I 'll let you know later this morning .	9	Nonfinite
The moon is nearly full .	2	Finite
i doing a research paper on donatello and i notice that there are two statues of David , a bronze one and marble one .	12	Finite
Please review the process below :	1	Finite
I do n't know if the kid had a bad day or what , but I had to sit and apologize about nothing for 10 minutes until he dropped the issue .	18	Nonfinite
Significantly , the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago ( now retired ) , upon being contacted , does not even report that he necessarily sent the only copy of the strain to Ft. Detrick .	24	Nonfinite
Yo mama `s so fat , she `s got smaller fat women orbiting around her .	2	Finite
4 . In Section 6.2.1 I 'll just note that the discount rate sentence I think is still an open issue .	15	Finite
The current study will contribute to the development of further qualitative and quantitative research that will more clearly define the information behaviors of the transmedia fan .	4	Nonfinite
And what happened immediately ? "	2	Finite
There are many reasons to say Disney cruise is the best bet for you to have a enjoyable holiday tour .	8	Finite
What do you attribute that success to ?	3	Nonfinite
Please note that neither the e-mail address nor name of the sender have been verified .	1	Finite
That sounds like a BS excuse from ECS , but it that 's what they are saying , let me know and we can figure out a solution .	24	Nonfinite
Throughout history , the international hair market has always had a political dimension , says Tarlo .	7	Finite
Please make this as simple as you can for my dad does nt really not that good .	11	Finite
Never fill a box until it is so heavy that you ca n't lift it safely .	1	Nonfinite
Who knows ?	1	Finite
Provided me with warm blanket and has soft music playing .	6	Finite
Chuck and Gretchen were very positive , and when Alan 's refused to work on my bike , Chuck came right out and saw the problem and did what Alan 's mechanic would n't do .	27	Finite
The metal rail of the steps wheeled against the plane was icy-wet to his palm and in the streaming rain he did not smell the Aegean or thyme , as he had remembered from other journeys to Africa .	23	Nonfinite
You can find boxes of all sizes .	1	Finite
Let 's get them to support constructive solutions that will make a real difference .	10	Nonfinite
We need to change the Prod Description fro the LME Product .	1	Finite
" We staged this fair to explore the limits of freedom Westerners believe in , " Masoud Shojai , head of the country 's " Iran Cartoon " association and the fair organizer , said .	34	Finite
Shakespeare produced most of his known work between 1589 and 1613 .	1	Finite
Since the 1960s , the South Korean economy has grown enormously and the economic structure was radically transformed .	15	Finite
It sounds ( according to your own statement ) that they had a roomful of dogs , so they must be doing something right - and are keeping those dogs safe from potential problems .	20	Nonfinite
Scatter the seeds .	0	Nonfinite
My concern is that between now and then Dunn , the AG have the time and resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief , which could be detrimental to generators / marketers ' claims .	12	Finite
Let me know if you have any questions .	2	Nonfinite
However , when he printed out the service quote , I could see that it was NOT the correct tire , and was not even an appropriate tire for my car model .	22	Finite
He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law .	5	Finite
A NATO spokesman said : " There 's no tracking mechanism to ensure they do n't fall into the wrong hands .	14	Finite
I expect it will be determined that , under " Strong Man " Hugo Chavez , Posada could not be guaranteed a fair trial .	3	Finite
Mark at Tintman Nationwide tints Ltd , did a very Professional job very quick , no fuss , deliverd the car to me and I drove him back home , Great arrangement Great price !!	7	Finite
During the Six Day War , Yehoshua says that he felt himself linked to a great event , that he was within a historic wave and at one with its flow .	20	Finite
To find anyone still proud , anyone who believed in giants or shame , was hilarious .	14	Finite
Thank you Roll UP Crepes !	0	Finite
i m not worried about damaging the surface my tank is on because i can prop it up off the surface anyway .	15	Nonfinite
Denis thinks your angle lamp 's been left at Government House , did he tell you ?	5	Finite
I wonder if I could talk to you . It 's quite important .	4	Finite
If someone thinks there is a business opportunity then they will start opening halal only places .	10	Finite
And , of course , China 's outsize backstop of $ 3.8 trillion in foreign - exchange reserves provides ample insurance in the event of intensified financial contagion .	18	Finite
I have been going there since I was a little girl and love the friendly and relaxing atmosphere .	7	Finite
IF YOU WANT A LITTLE CAJUNISH FOOD - IT IS GOOD .	9	Finite
If you want to make other languages , you can use this language as a model and change some letters or sounds to create a different language .	9	Finite
Suggest what you like , they just talk it away into the cigarette smoke , nobody even listens .	7	Finite
Posada can be given up , but Meiring ca n't .	8	Finite
Call to discuss the response to the Trustee 's settlement offer .	2	Nonfinite
THANK YOU !!	0	Finite
Especially high end keep sake sort of clothing that you just ca nt find in a lot of stores .	13	Nonfinite
You can group items by specifying the type of interval and the size of the interval .	1	Finite
Just put marks over the letters or make up something right on the spot , you might have to take some time on this !	19	Nonfinite
He was speedily reassured , and with a large , white , rascally grin , and a glance at his charge , seemed to take me into partnership in his exalted trust .	24	Nonfinite
The manager himself was there .	3	Finite
When I got to the job and tried to insert the new piece of metal IT WOULD NOT FIT !!	7	Finite
-- but I have a chart that I 'll go through ; the MMPI .	9	Nonfinite
To " route out " in Scientology jargon refers to the member who wishes to leave proceeding through a set of interrogative exit interviews while attached to the Scientology device called the E-meter .	13	Finite
Various doctors , both foreign and American , are associated with Al Qaeda leaders or operatives , to include the doctors Abdul Qadoos Khan , a bacteriologist from Rawalpindi and Aafia Siddiqui , PhD , from Karachi .	8	Finite
It has been a pleasure to meet with you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future .	13	Finite
Stan commented on the creation of the Santorum cocktail , " When he was winning in the polls , I thought , ' OK , I 'll do a Santorum ' . "	26	Finite
I 'll just echo both other answers .	1	Finite
It would have been too painful to watch .	2	Nonfinite
This is either gross incompetence or was done with dark ulterior motives that can scarcely be guessed at .	6	Finite
What Harry found most unusual about life at Ron 's , however , was n't the talking mirror or the clanking ghoul : it was the fact that everybody there seemed to like him .	2	Finite
even though I have never tried hoa salon but I agree with other reviewers that they are rude .	3	Finite
Auster leaned back on the sofa , smiled with a certain ironic pleaure , and lit a cigarette .	1	Finite
The Shia can not live without the Sunnis , and vice versa .	4	Nonfinite
Here you go .	2	Finite
Could n't you get one of those beautiful hats ? "	0	Finite
Grafton 's government disintegrated in 1770 , allowing the Tories led by Lord North to return to power .	15	Nonfinite
okay , I do nt have a review , but why in the hell would you name your business something that has the initials KKK .... is there something behind the scenes at this place ?	26	Finite
This date , which can be traced back to an 18 th - century scholar 's mistake , has proved appealing to biographers , since Shakespeare died 23 April 1616 .	18	Finite
But Cid Hamete , the acknowledged author , never makes an appearance .	9	Finite
So I think the first question is , what is this all about , why should we even be debating NATO , is there any reason why it should exist ?	15	Finite
By the time he came to his street , he was running .	4	Finite
If they screw up you could be in worse shape than you are now !	5	Finite
No matter when you buy you will get a newer version .	4	Finite
We can meet at Hyatt Regency Downtown ( Smith Street ) .	2	Nonfinite
He had no genius for organizing , for initiative , or for order even .	1	Finite
As early as 1926 , Meyer had written to Irène Joliot - Curie suggesting that Rona work with her to learn how his laboratory could make their own polonium samples .	24	Finite
I should have a list of post - id's for you by 4:30 today .	1	Finite
Even though they still charge you the days you booked but wo n't use , it is worth the get the hell out of this crap hole .	11	Finite
It was surrounded by trees that blocked it from view of the village below , meaning that they could practise Quidditch there , as long as they did n't fly too high .	6	Finite
GOODWYN : Archibald says the frequency with which Mr. Bush discussed the subject was off - putting to him .	10	Finite
As for the Clinton administration , let me say one thing in its defense .	6	Finite
She was determined to make no end of fuss to get me appointed skipper of a river steamboat , if such was my fancy .	10	Nonfinite
Debbie said , it is going to be hard on me to sale my old dodge truck .	1	Finite
In a few days the snake will begin to shed its skin .	7	Nonfinite
When items in a field are hidden by conditional filtering , a funnel appears to the left of the drop-down arrow Field arrow .	5	Finite
We heard nothing .	1	Finite
To Stay in Varanasi - Sandeep Hotel is you choice ...	7	Finite
Harry ran up the hall into the kitchen and felt his stomach disappear .	12	Nonfinite
Sending the family servant to stop Harry from going back to Hogwarts also sounded exactly like the sort of thing Malfoy would do .	22	Nonfinite
Annexes I to IX and the Appendices thereto shall form an integral part of this Protocol .	9	Nonfinite
Watching a coast as it slips by the ship is like thinking about an enigma .	5	Finite
he 's just a tiny baby , about the width of a pencil .	1	Finite
I am sending you some info that I have passed along regarding the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefit .	8	Finite
Call - in # : 800/711-8000	0	Nonfinite
Maybe if you formulate your questions a little more specifically it will help you in acquiring the answers .	11	Finite
And whoever dwells in the past , does n’t understand the future because the past is full of prejudices , of commitments .	15	Finite
Louis Post Dispatch called it one of LaBeouf 's best performances .	3	Finite
So , no it is not as good as Dubai , but it s quieter and more peaceful , and you can still go to Dubai in 45 mins .	23	Nonfinite
She was outside the building in the gardens , waiting for a photographer she had arranged to shoot her new Epic Mickey costumed character-style outfit .	1	Finite
There was minimal cheese and sauce and it completely lacked flavor .	9	Finite
It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who does n't know anything about it and get them to initial it .	16	Finite
Adidas is helping to clean up the Earth 's oceans by using the waste floating around the world to make shoes .	1	Finite
If it wo n't take pre-killed and you usually feed live then you could hold the rat by the tail and whack it against a hard surface , like a refrigerator or wall .	9	Finite
This , in turn , has discouraged international investment in Israel and has made it less likely that immigrants to the country will actually remain there .	5	Finite
Like The Two Gentlemen of Verona , in which two friends appear to approve of rape , the Shrew 's story of the taming of a woman 's independent spirit by a man sometimes troubles modern critics and directors .	34	Finite
Any suggestions would be really helpful , thanks !	2	Finite
But what would I do ?	4	Nonfinite
Four in 10 adults have been injured due to bad weather while nine in 10 underestimate how chilly Britain can get in the winter time .	20	Nonfinite
Store is on the small side and atmosphere is just average .	8	Finite
I ca nt speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us ( the patient ) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you .	13	Finite
Would NOT recommend this place to anyone - in fact - save your money and go somewhere else .	0	Finite
Then there are the so - called true stories that get posted in a series of meaningful pictures with text running underneath .	10	Finite
Yes , I know about the Kindle Fire but that 's not what I want (: Does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars ?	10	Finite
The term Nexus is applied to sentences , structures similar to sentences and sentences in formation , in which two concepts are expressed in one unit ; e.g. , it rained , he ran indoors .	3	Finite
Its struggle against the Ottoman Empire in the Mediterranean Sea put serious limits on the military power it could deploy against the rebels in the Netherlands .	19	Nonfinite
When he finished , Balzac went to Villeparisis and read the entire work to his family ;	2	Finite
Recently I 'm having trouble training him .	2	Finite
This may be of interest to you I have a free online dating service .	1	Finite
I want to take a cruise around the world .	3	Nonfinite
Dobby might have saved Harry from horrible happenings at Hogwarts , but the way things were going , he 'd probably starve to death anyway .	19	Finite
Who are we ?	1	Finite
The worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like Zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims that " everyone " is going to " love " the food , decor and service .	5	Nonfinite
he is feisty , as most king snakes are , but he is a very nice little guy - he never tries to bite or anything .	8	Finite
Foster 's washed up . A has-been . A mean-faced bozo . Quinn chewed his food carefully , feeling with his tongue for stray bits of bone .	1	Finite
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone .	10	Nonfinite
I 'll be sure to come back .	5	Nonfinite
My real problem is with literalist fundamentalists , of any religion .	3	Finite
Yes , I will attend in person _______	4	Nonfinite
It is quite clear that many people within Wales are looking to the European Structural Funds programme to alleviate some of the great difficulties that we undoubtedly face .	9	Finite
If you do not smoke , do not move here .	4	Nonfinite
When my server crashed , Greg worked from 7 PM until 4 AM and had my company up and running the next morning .	14	Finite
It was a black female that use to work in the office .	1	Finite
I just moved nearby and have tried several of the local places , this was the first one and I should have just stuck with it .	5	Finite
Before you buy ANYTHING in NY , make sure you stop by Jack -s first .	7	Finite
This was simple prudence , white men being so much alike at a distance that he could not tell who I might be .	1	Finite
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	29	Nonfinite
She is a creme tabby and I 've had her for over 2 years now .	7	Finite
When we start the summer process , we will interview the candidate and slot him for your group .	8	Finite
I remain devoted full - time to the advancement of Firefox , the Mozilla platform and web browsing in general .	1	Finite
Back to my poor rating - I was excepted to medical school and went in to cancel my membership as I was told I could do since I was moving away .	21	Finite
One minister reportedly handed out 100 dollar ' gifts ' to journalists attending a press conference for Allawi , a practice that brings back bad memories to many Iraqis .	22	Finite
Has the disaster affected the way other countries view the US ?	0	Finite
Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights .	6	Finite
The neighbours are still interfering , but there are signs that rather than undermining Afghanistan ’s stability they may now be trying to strengthen it .	18	Finite
Readers of the Savage Love advice column selected a new definition for the Senator ’s last name , and Savage created a website SpreadingSantorum.com to promulgate the spread of the phenomenon .	7	Finite
The same applies to a whole series of other examples we can give .	11	Finite
I did n't understand so I did n't say anything .	6	Finite
I know it can take a while for results and did n't expect a miracle , but after 2 months I felt like it was not entirely worth the cost / time .	3	Finite
Is it possible that you know the people involved ?	0	Finite
It 's also got the website where the song has been uploaded .	9	Finite
Woud it be better if I got another filter and connected the other phone as well ?	2	Nonfinite
The rooms are SO clean , the managers / owners are the nicest people , the place feels so homey , and the location and grounds are beautiful .	2	Finite
So I say you should go for the more updated Nook Tablet .	2	Finite
If you do not they will start to rot !	8	Nonfinite
In other words , the unpredictability of historical events like those in Ukraine has to do with an element of uncertainty in human identity .	13	Finite
In her opening remarks for attendees , Waters pointed out those features to attendees , noting the touches of the Warhol Factory , or the studio where he worked , that were present around them .	31	Finite
UK : Applying for the visa is a very simple process and can be done by post or in person at the Cuban embassy in London .	13	Nonfinite
Set up last month to centralize merchant asset activities .	5	Nonfinite
By comparison , it cost $ 103.7 million to build the NoMa infill Metro station , which opened in 2004 .	9	Nonfinite
Er – I do n't want to be rude or anything , but – this is n't a great time for me to have a house-elf in my bedroom .	5	Nonfinite
he claimed to have once worked for 48 hours with only three hours of rest in the middle .	1	Finite
It was n't until he gave up and walked out the door that someone asked Can I help you .	1	Finite
The Mets bring the corners in for a force at home , or maybe they can get the double play if it 's hit up the middle .	2	Finite
The problem is whether one cares what happens to the polar bears , checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables .	5	Finite
Americans love to open their hearts to foreign visitors .	3	Nonfinite
Ca n't catch you this time but 14721 keep me posted on your next trip .	0	Finite
Yesterday evening , the Posada story was featured in the public television news show in Germany ( ARD , Tagesthemen ) .	6	Finite
2000 - Year that Cheney said his policy as CEO of Halliburton oil services company was " we would n't do anything in Iraq " .	5	Finite
Ironically , arrogant people often ca n't understand why they do n't have any reliable and supportive friends .	5	Finite
i need to hav sm good time spent with my gf .. in kerala .. in which all places in kerala shal i expect ambience and privacy for making love .. pls help . thank you	21	Finite
One horse even got his lifetime mark after being treated for EPM .	3	Finite
Can anyone give me an idea of when the best time for us to go to Ireland would be ?	0	Finite
The document which had the stamp Protected B on every page detailed various security vulnerabilities of the NEMISIS database which is used by officers to track and prosecute environmental law-breakers .	3	Finite
National reaction to the events in Kansas demonstrated how deeply divided the country had become .	13	Finite
I avoided a vast artificial hole somebody had been digging on the slope , the purpose of which I found it impossible to divine .	23	Nonfinite
I was fixing to buy an indian ringneck , did a bunch of research , ( I 'm a very experienced bird owner , macaws , cockatoos , amazons ) ,	4	Nonfinite
My sister in law told me about this amazing new crepe place in town , I was so excited I just wanted to go and test it out for my self !	25	Nonfinite
Had a horrible experience with a manager here , Rachel McInnis , she was rude , inconsiderate and did not do the right thing for an item that was marked incorrectly ...	0	Finite
However , Johnson would not let the military cross the borders and clean out the Communist bases .	5	Nonfinite
Although flying to the Chathams and back is not cheap , it is worth it .	12	Finite
But my wife and I first went there thinking it would be Brazilian food ( think lots of meat ) , but it turned out to be a vegan restaurant !	10	Finite
If space is minimal , or you are keeping him in there to be kept away from other pets , then I can understand why you would choose to keep him there .	27	Nonfinite
Direct access connections might enable users to access EnronOnline more quickly than is currently possible through internet access .	3	Finite
A bar did not appeal to him tonight – eating in the dark , the press of boozy chatter – although normally he would have welcomed it .	4	Nonfinite
Let aggressive ( American ) leaders and soldiers know that we are capable of protecting the city 's security and safety , and ask them to lift their hands from the city . "	11	Finite
It can be purchased at the Airport in Cuba on arrival , however it should be noted that many airlines will require a valid tourist visa card before boarding flights .	2	Nonfinite
Before the phones went , I was told [ my family in Biloxi ] had lost their roof , barn , 2 oak trees and many pines and they were letting in water	29	Finite
You have to pay CASH ONLY before they start unloading track on your destination .	8	Finite
Try google to find the title if you would like to read it .	11	Nonfinite
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	36	Nonfinite
It only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa .	13	Finite
The tag builds on the original punchline or twists back on it in a surprising way .	2	Finite
And those dolphin parts had a huge load of PCBs , dioxins and heavy metals .	4	Finite
I used to e-mail Vince Kaminski about the advice on his article " The Challenge of Pricing and Risk Managing Electricity Derivatives " and he had mailed me the copy .	3	Nonfinite
On the other hand though , if I 'm a client he should really of called back by now because you do n't leave a customer hanging .	8	Finite
Also , an independent who does not claim to belong to either camp , Edward Yiu of the Architectural , Surveying , Planning and Landscape constituency , defeated his opponents and was elected .	5	Finite
I use GIMP and It s not cutting it , looks terrible .	5	Finite
Have fun in Korea ~	0	Finite
( Newsweek reported that Bush commanded his cabinet , " Let heads roll ! " )	5	Finite
I called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told " This is a Days Inn , not the Hilton " and the receptionist then hung up on me .	19	Finite
Call me if you have time .	4	Finite
“ You should be ashamed of yourself ! "	3	Nonfinite
Take note of how they act , talk , and use their social status .	0	Nonfinite
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be reliable , but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete .	17	Finite
I got my appointment – of course ; and I got it very quick .	1	Finite
You should ABSOLUTELY call your veterinarian back immediately to clarify anything you have questions about .	9	Nonfinite
Have a Nice Day * **	0	Finite
If you should decide to arrange lodging at a different hotel , please do so quickly as there is limited availability in all surrounding hotels .	2	Finite
And while doing so continue using the Baba Nam Kevalam mantra ( breathe in with Baba Nam , breathe out with Kevalam ) .	12	Finite
The second or third pad will bear some flowers , but wait before harvesting them or you might affect the size of future harvests .	6	Nonfinite
Their removal should also provide increased motivation for Pakistan to help the return of moderate Taliban .	2	Finite
We 'll go in and have a steak there one evening , they 're trying to make a go of it with a charcoal grill and whatnot .	16	Nonfinite
do NOT bring your car here	2	Finite
The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .	2	Finite
Oh , how do you know ? said Wentz .	7	Finite
I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase , and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation .	22	Finite
So that , as they say in Chicago , is where the smart money is .	5	Finite
It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name .	12	Nonfinite
He bought a postcard of brilliant blue sea and dazzling white ruins and tried to write , in what he could remember of Greek :	13	Finite
They indicated they could use Steve 's help face to face at some point .	1	Finite
This document , called " Power Problems of a Revolutionary Government , " went back-and-forth , according to Mr Copeland , " between English and Arabic until a final version was produced .	13	Finite
Yo mama `s so fat , she could sell shade .	8	Nonfinite
Security in the hotel seemed to be excellent , but we were never given an explanation as to why someone would open these items .	20	Finite
she will start to calm down and feel safe - you can bet she does n't now .	2	Nonfinite
This disc allowed Rona to create lab specimens of polonium , which were used in much of the Institute 's subsequent research .	2	Finite
I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $ 65 puts are in the money and the $ 75 call is also in the money .	15	Finite
Iguazu is NOT a country ....	1	Finite
Can anyone give me an idea of when the best time for us to go to Ireland would be ?	2	Nonfinite
Please let me know ... we are eager to keep trading with Global and yourselves ...	1	Finite
The above applies to the Derivative Work as incorporated in a Collective Work , but this does not require the Collective Work apart from the Derivative Work itself to be made subject to the terms of this License .	16	Finite
But Bout 's name is n't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives , before it sinks like so many others beneath the media 's frothing triviality .	19	Finite
“ Agora was invitation - only but many of these marketplaces are easily accessible if you know how to search , ” Dr Lee adds .	24	Finite
A great way to be mischievous in an elevator is to carry on a running commentary while you look at yourself in the mirror .	4	Nonfinite
The menu has the usual but then they step it up another notch .	8	Finite
I suppose you can call it speculative , since I 'm not really out to prove anything .	4	Nonfinite
" We take document security seriously , " she said , but refused to give any more details about how the papers came to be on a road .	22	Finite
I 'll take it to my bank tomorrow morning , deposit it in my account , and give you the money when it clears .	2	Nonfinite
You can also remove fields from the chart layout that you no longer want to see .	3	Nonfinite
The reason he said he did n't put that nail in was because he " did n't want to risk it " with my horse 's horrible feet .	17	Nonfinite
I enjoy going there although i 've only been there once , i will be returning toda to recieve a pair of french tips and i will only go to the best and to me the best is here .	26	Finite
I do n't have enough information to answer this question , one way or the other .	3	Nonfinite
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	1	Finite
Much later , when he was able to think about the things that happened to him , he would conclude that nothing was real except chance .	13	Finite
They are confined in this way until they finally die .	1	Finite
' I have a little theory which you Messieurs who go out there must help me to prove .	17	Nonfinite
Once he had taken the leap into that name , he had stopped thinking about Auster himself .	12	Finite
" It is amazing , " reported SaskTel unlimited data customer Lindsay Gay last month .	2	Finite
Other than eating , or shopping , or shopping for food , there is not much else to do unless you work in Fort Lee .	18	Nonfinite
" But do n't Americans know that Sadat was a Nazi ? " the librarian says .	2	Finite
Pena comes up and chicken-shits a little grounder to first and the fucker goes through Kingman 's legs .	1	Finite
i am going to happy hour after work to eat and drink .	9	Nonfinite
Any sort of pointed or caustic remarks about yourself or someone else do n't have a place in flirtatious conversations .	12	Finite
But the depth and persistence of the ongoing crisis have exposed the euro 's fundamental fragilities , and should serve as a warning that today 's technocratic Band - Aids may not hold in the face of another shock .	18	Finite
Are you back in the office yet ?	0	Finite
They just are there as an adaptation .	2	Finite
Compositionally , this one is not my favorite , I would suggest trying a different crop because I do nt think cutting her off at the calf looks great .	10	Finite
XML syntax ( the tags and their placement in a document ) defines and describes the data in an XML document but does n't indicate how the data should be displayed .	28	Finite
Weed out the smaller plants to give the larger ones more space .	0	Nonfinite
By the time of Romeo and Juliet , Richard II , and A Midsummer Night 's Dream in the Mid-1590s , Shakespeare had begun to write a more natural poetry .	25	Nonfinite
I believe that there might be a sign - flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue .	5	Nonfinite
So anyone looking for an Excellent night out for Chinese or maybe just lunch should stop in and try it because I promise you 2 things --- You wo n't regret it !!	30	Nonfinite
How much better does it get ?!	3	Finite
Monotheism and Holy War obviously does have a violent interpretation of Salafism , rather as the the leaders of the so - called German Peasant Rebellion among early Protestants did .	29	Finite
Then he crossed the room to Hedwig 's cage and tipped the soggy vegetables at the bottom of the bowl into her empty food tray .	10	Finite
Never checked back with us once we got our food .	1	Finite
The logic is that ( nearly ) all Wave 4 respondents appeared in the Wave 1 sample , but not all would have been interviewed at Wave 3 due to differential patterns of temporary attrition .	2	Finite
I would remind you that Mr Cornelissen 's report has been added to the agenda for Tuesday .	2	Nonfinite
that was a strange way to flirt .. but i guss it was his way ...	1	Finite
Wherever he is , authorities need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or Atef recruited .	2	Finite
For obvious reasons , knowing how extremely difficult it is to drive a car in the city , you should probably try to be near the subway system .	23	Nonfinite
" All you have to do is look at the photographs , " Ed Bangs , wolf recovery coordinator for the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service , told UPI 's Blue Planet ,	7	Nonfinite
Call them today !	0	Finite
His magnum opus was a sequence of short stories and novels collectively entitled La Comédie humaine , which presents a panorama of French life in the years after the 1815 fall of Napoleon Bonaparte .	18	Finite
In Suwayrah , Kut Province , two car bombs were discovered before they could be detonated .	13	Finite
After a good few minutes , he asked : " what do you want ? "	13	Nonfinite
If you want miracles you 'll have to go to 21st St .	5	Finite
Also , I have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go ?	18	Nonfinite
Dando did not explain the shift of reference .	3	Nonfinite
It was completed rather late in the war ; although a number of B-29s were equipped with Eagle and it worked well , it came too late to make much difference .	1	Finite
We should allocate a piece to Global which would solve the problem of other Cargill people using the line , putting us over the limit , without me knowing ...	1	Finite
Wait until the fourth or fifth day of the festival when the crowds will have dwindled .	14	Nonfinite
The information society is in fact evolving in a global context .	3	Finite
His mother was also killed in the attack .	2	Finite
This is possible because we release all of our software under the Open Source GPL license and release our content under a Creative Commons license .	5	Finite
As such , we have a CPA , Larry Lewis , working with us to audit and set up transition files .	15	Nonfinite
But your waist measurement has n't changed by so much as half an inch ...	6	Finite
as to what the light provides it gives UV rays .. which is important for health in lizards as it is in humans .	20	Finite
In some sense , Don Quixote was just a stand-in for himself .	6	Finite
You just want to be sure you can groom and saddle sufficiently and the horse itself is calm enough so that whatever size it is , you can handle it .	28	Nonfinite
Italian secularist associations are concerned the Government will modify the law in order to maintain an exception for religious schools .	7	Finite
However , the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list .	9	Finite
Gates worked 30 % of the time at best .	1	Finite
Are you intending to go there yourself ?	4	Nonfinite
For instance , you might say something like , " I do n't know why every song on the radio nowadays has a Texas Flynn feature . Does he even have time to record between rehab stints ? "	27	Finite
Whenever you are presented with something that you do n’t want to do or would consider putting off , ask yourself , “ will this take me less than two minutes to finish ? ”	8	Finite
Here are some excerpts :	1	Finite
A FAQ on the Azzam Publications website explained that " In the Hearts of Green Birds " refers to what is inside .	20	Finite
I 'll send it as soon as you resond wether I should or not .	2	Nonfinite
i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex female and the silkie females would make ?	1	Finite
I really do need answers and advice , and NOT INSULTING ANSWERS !!	2	Finite
Shakespeare 's next comedy , the equally romantic Merchant of Venice , contains a portrayal of the vengeful Jewish moneylender Shylock , which reflects Elizabethan views but may appear derogatory to modern audiences .	23	Finite
So I want to hire someone ( or multiple people ) to transport me to these shows .	4	Nonfinite
If a schema is specified while exporting from Access , then the XML documents created are considered to be valid XML documents .	18	Nonfinite
I HAD TO WAIT FOR MY WAITRESS .	1	Finite
I do n't hang around with people like that .	1	Finite
" I can only imagine that this is what Hiroshima looked like 60 years ago , " said Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour after viewing the destruction from the air .	17	Finite
go to LA after say 11:00 search the street corners btw keep ur wallet locked up and have $ 200 on hand have a gun just in case btw	11	Finite
It is a glorious idea . I know the wife of a very high personage in the Administration , and also a man who has lots of influence with , &c. , &c .	7	Finite
Some may not know exactly what Stardust or Stardust @ home is .	1	Finite
Institutional recipients , said Mauer , are required to exhibit their donated Warhol photographs every ten years as one stipulation .	9	Nonfinite
Nevertheless , he was reluctant to move .	6	Nonfinite
Cyclone Phailin has winds that have been measured at 200 km / h , as it surges over land will it begin to lose strength ?	21	Nonfinite
They do n't take coupons .	1	Finite
This means that in addition to being well-formed , the documents conform to a defined schema .	11	Finite
The vote will be taken at 12.00 noon tomorrow .	2	Finite
I do n't care if a girl is absolutely exquisite looking --	1	Finite
Nigel from Nidd Design has always provided a first class service , from his advice and professionalism to the quality of his design drawings and planning applications .	4	Finite
So you do n’t have writers coming up with a story and headline , but you will instead have a team of writers choosing the best headlines and then assign it to a particular writer who was not necessarily involved ?	4	Nonfinite
He would arrive early , never later than seven o'clock and sit there with a take-out coffee , a buttered roll , and an open newspaper on his lap , watching the glass door of the hotel .	1	Finite
Nothing was ever at 90 degrees .	1	Finite
Subsequently , the programme took off and the budget allocation was completely committed in 2003 and 2004 .	10	Finite
What size horse do i need ?	3	Finite
It 's natural and so long as you do n't see any serious deterioration in their health is nothing to worry about .	8	Finite
How a pizza place should be !	4	Finite
Then she gave him work to do , with the promise he would n't eat again until he 'd finished .	19	Finite
Days away : Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 ( assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return )	26	Finite
seriously , can you imagine having to live through these last few nights without heat ?	7	Nonfinite
In a medium saucepan , heat up 2 tablespoons vegetable oil over medium-low heat .	5	Nonfinite
My favorite would have to be the rat .	2	Finite
By late 1974 investors were dizzy , they were desperate , they were wrung - out , they had left Wall Street , many for good .	4	Finite
The family 's attorney advises me that Aafia had no knowledge of chemicals ( and that would not appear to be her training ) .	4	Finite
It may be shirtsleeves and sunglasses in February , but winter woollies in March and even during the summer .	2	Nonfinite
I completely enjoyed my whole check in experience and was impressed with the friendliness and professionalism of the staff as well as the accommodations themselves .	9	Finite
Can police trace a cell phone even if it is switched off ?	2	Nonfinite
And I gave it all my heart , all my energy , based upon principles that did not change once I got into the Oval Office .	21	Finite
That just goes to show the possibilities in our country !	4	Nonfinite
" The vanishing man " , writes Pritchett , " who must be pursued from the rue Cassini to ... Versailles , Ville D' Avray , Italy , and Vienna can construct a settled dwelling only in his work .	6	Finite
Please verify that the titles are correct for everyone in your group .	5	Finite
While skydiving , it is possible ( yet extremely unlikely ) that both your primary and reserve parachutes will malfunction , leaving you with no method of reducing your velocity .	4	Finite
The European Commission maintains that everything depends on supply .	6	Finite
He was dehydrated when he got there and lost weight .	5	Finite
I have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job # 0000108806 that has become available in your department .	15	Finite
He immediately said " no , there is a $ 50 deposit now ! "	2	Finite
Drove all the way over from the highway ... closed at 7 .	9	Finite
Cannery Row , at the time , had the biggest industrial canning operation on the west coast .	7	Finite
Mention people you know that they do n't like .	0	Nonfinite
Our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates .	4	Finite
Everybody I know at university intends to stay at uni for as long as possible until there are actually jobs available .	17	Finite
The world may be enraging and absurd – yet at least someone has the self - respect to keep protesting against that fact .	2	Finite
Are you in the office to initial signature pages today ?	6	Nonfinite
Reply	0	Finite
Today , expansive ruins can be viewed there .	4	Finite
What you project will always come back to either reward or haunt you .	9	Nonfinite
Give yourself a break .	0	Nonfinite
" This strain helps with back pain , this strain helps with nausea , this product makes you sleep at night , " says Dietrich from the company 's headquarters in Denver , Colorado , where pot is sold legally .	23	Finite
You do n't know what it 's like here .	6	Finite
Choose to pay only when people click ( CPC ) or see people your advert ( CPM ) .	0	Finite
I give the floor to Mrs Green .	1	Finite
Many countries and regions are worried , and perhaps with reason .	4	Finite
So ultimately I decided that eHow 's model would not build the resource I envisioned .	3	Finite
How many samples do you anticipate being found during the course of the project ?	3	Finite
However , you can open the page in Design view and change the property settings .	11	Nonfinite
Even for those who later abstain , " visual - spatial abilities , abstraction , problem solving , and short - term memory , are the slowest to recover . "	24	Finite
Take the kittens back to the shelter .	0	Finite
He ate a mouthful of the left-over granadilla pudding , and there was the smallest tremor , passing for a moment through his head .	1	Finite
Hitchcock preferred to work with the best talent of his day — film poster designers such as Bill Gold and Saul Bass — who would produce posters that accurately represented his films .	25	Nonfinite
“ There have no business being there unless they are undermining Pakistan , ’’ says a Pakistani official .	14	Finite
Institutional recipients , said Mauer , are required to exhibit their donated Warhol photographs every ten years as one stipulation .	3	Finite
I understand you may not have credit approval yet so perhaps we can leave the appropriate sections blank in the meantime .	5	Nonfinite
We are a little less reactionary .	1	Finite
If a schema is specified while exporting from Access , then the XML documents created are considered to be valid XML documents .	15	Finite
In spite of everything , it was impossible for Quinn not to feel glad of this .	6	Finite
How can i get my kitten to stop biting when he plays ?	11	Finite
These sums give these countries enormous leverage over the United States .	2	Finite
Combine equal amounts of the first and second solution in the container and close the bottles .	0	Nonfinite
I would personally put him somewhere else .	3	Nonfinite
When they see that you ar nt harming them , the will go up on your finger when you say up .	2	Finite
I look at some of these other comments & laugh because people think that the world revolves around them !	12	Finite
This place is identical to the Youngstown Sports Grille , so I imagine they are owned / operated by the same people .	12	Finite
When I found out them came up with the Nook Tablet , I was pretty disappointed though , because I bought my Nook color for the same darn price !	2	Finite
Dando refused and Vivien had to go home to the children , and Rebecca Edwards protested that hers were alone too .	1	Finite
Harry tried , yet again , to explain .	7	Nonfinite
After they showed up there was a little trouble to get my car unlocked , it took quite a bit of time but the job was well done .	5	Finite
As you know , the suffix ONLINE is purely descriptive and now used by many companies .	7	Finite
Although rare , one east-west numbered street may even intersect with a street of the same number running north-south .	9	Nonfinite
It was Jefferson who said that the tree of liberty must occasionally be refreshed with the blood of patriots and tyrants .	1	Finite
This city - state emerged in the same period as Sukhothai .	4	Finite
Makes me want to race !!!	4	Nonfinite
They could not find any cafes or food shops that provided Halal prepared foods .	10	Finite
Beards / Muffs : If your Silkie has a beard / muff the offspring could have a beard as well , as these genes are incomplete dominate .	24	Finite
So my opinion is Guinea pigs .	3	Finite
For instance , you might say something like , " I do n't know why every song on the radio nowadays has a Texas Flynn feature . Does he even have time to record between rehab stints ? "	4	Finite
This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution of racial categories across the various reported reasons for discrimination .	4	Finite
I was kind of curious , what exactly is Guild Wars ?	1	Finite
You can then select all the popular promotions from the Other group and create a new custom group that will be captioned Popular .	20	Nonfinite
So I got just my other rear tire replaced .	2	Finite
Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else .	5	Finite
I was told to leave a restaurant because I ordered water with my meal ( apparently this is " washing down " your food " ) and not ordering wine .	4	Nonfinite
We had a larger black population in the 70s than we have now but they did not have any power until Willie Brown was elected .	23	Finite
Little children are raised on deep hatred and on admiration of so - called martyrs , and the Western World does not notice it because its own TV sets are mostly tuned to soap operas and game shows .	22	Nonfinite
The two screamed to frighten the bear and warn their friends in a tent several metres away but the bear ripped into that tent and began mauling 31 - year - old Alain Parenteau .	4	Nonfinite
Service was okay not great , we came for a late lunch .	7	Finite
The freeze thawed some after Yang 's 2003 mission .	2	Finite
Make certain you get two females .	3	Finite
I will be on a plane to Houston at 8:00 a.m .	2	Nonfinite
If you should decide to arrange lodging at a different hotel , please do so quickly as there is limited availability in all surrounding hotels .	3	Nonfinite
Pompey took command of two legions in Capua and began to raise levies illegally , an act that , as was predictable , took advantage of the Caesarians who were in his favor .	11	Nonfinite
And if you send me a story , that would be great to !	3	Finite
It is often beautiful , but its sentences tend to start , pause , and finish at the end of lines , with the risk of monotony .	1	Finite
As with Christian Identity and other hate - related philosophies tied to the Aryan Nations and the neo-Nazi Creativity Movement , Jeffs has preached racism as well .	22	Finite
What do I look as if I 'd sing ?	8	Nonfinite
I would like to discuss this with you on Friday am .	2	Nonfinite
However , as you will see , the questions I thought of got kinda long - but I think we need answers for all of them .	4	Finite
U.S. officials have said the plot , thwarted by Britain , to blow up several aircraft over the Atlantic bore many of the hallmarks of al Qaeda .	19	Finite
It will give you a lot more power , as well as control over how your black and white photo looks :	2	Nonfinite
‘’ There is much better tactical cooperation between our forces on both sides of the border , but the movement of Taliban still goes on both ways , ’’ he adds .	2	Finite
I was about to give up when I met Jason and Neal .	1	Finite
We can meet at Hyatt Regency Downtown ( Smith Street ) .	1	Finite
It is possible when the matter is raised with the Committee on Petitions .	1	Finite
In early June 2003 , a CIA report concluded that the reason for Atta 's and Zacarias Moussaoui 's inquiries into cropdusters was in fact for the contemplated use in dispersing biological agents such as anthrax .	22	Finite
I thought it would be a good idea to see how a few that I liked would look like on a model ( by looking the dress up online ) .	9	Nonfinite
A strategy that might prove helpful is to consider how fortunate you are that life has been good to you so far .	12	Finite
In some parts of the city , numbered streets intersect , so the distinction is important .	9	Finite
I show that we also had 20.000 at LS HPL for the 13th .	5	Finite
He also remarked that " the existence of such a document could lead to consequences that are as likely as they are unacceptable " .	21	Finite
They do n't seem to know anything but the hype they are told and the packages they have available to them .	1	Finite
The European Commission maintains that everything depends on supply .	3	Finite
Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .	3	Finite
“ You want it ? ” she says .	7	Finite
For heaven 's sake , let them have it , it 's someone else 's turn to burn the midnight oil there , now ...	17	Nonfinite
Of course , they would be closing in 5 minutes , so I would have to hurry up or get it the next day .	5	Nonfinite
i believe that NASA is a HUGE waste of tax payers ' money , but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies , that i find it best not to think about it .	16	Finite
Worse yet , what is going on will not let us alone .	7	Finite
they may then chose to ask you to bring more evidence , or just look up the record and hand you the certificate .	1	Finite
Of course it must do financial news and sports well enough .	3	Finite
I need a new lawnmower , so I 'll try to bump it up a little more .	11	Nonfinite
And , I can say , this was one of my favorite places to eat in all of Richmond .	7	Finite
Well , would n't you know it .	5	Nonfinite
He has got that hard edge to his game but also the soft hands .	1	Finite
A few minutes after I left , I was called and informed that " I " left my wheel lock ( which they should have left in the car ) .	23	Finite
Abby Freeman is our good friend who has non-Hodgkin lymphoma , and she needs your help !	2	Finite
I did n't end up buying my car here , but I did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me .	12	Finite
or you could even spray some scented spray on the leash and he will go for the scent and probably , if you act quick enough , will stay on the leash .	4	Nonfinite
However , any queries you created were not visible in the Database window because there was no option to set this mode in the user interface .	6	Finite
He had even imagined the conversation that would follow : he , suavely diffident as the stranger praised the book , and then , with great reluctance and modesty , agreeing to autograph the title page , since you insist .	7	Finite
I will be in Sao Paulo from Sept 20 - 22 and Buenos Aires from Sept 23 - 24 .	1	Finite
There 's a Miramar in Florida , just north of Miami .	1	Finite
The president of the Community of Madrid , Cristina Cifuentes , represents the most conservative , while leaders of the party , such as the Sectorial Under - Secretary , Javier Maroto , represent the most progressive .	11	Finite
Users can interact with the component in design mode in that application only ( not in the browser or in other applications ) .	2	Nonfinite
In some cases , for example Hamlet , Troilus and Cressida and Othello , Shakespeare could have revised the texts between the quarto and folio editions .	15	Finite
1 ) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to enovate and 2 ) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate confidentiality agreement .	21	Finite
Regarding how long the beverage will be made available , Stan remarked to The Brooklyn Paper , " We 'll keep it around until he ’s irrelevant . I hope he ’s there the whole way " .	29	Finite
It did so again during this legislature , in July , and then , in September , it voted once more to approve the whole Commission .	1	Finite
Baghdadis do n't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more , you never know where you might get stuck .	14	Finite
I thought it would pass until he started to vomit blood and would nt drink any water .	12	Finite
$ 15 m - Amount of a contract awarded to an American firm to build a cement factory in Iraq .	14	Nonfinite
Hjalmar 's as gentle as a lamb and he has to keep the peace somehow .	9	Finite
She wore a starched white affair on her head , had a wart on one cheek , and silver-rimmed spectacles hung on the tip of her nose .	20	Finite
Before he could get up and leave , the words were already out of his mouth . Do you find it exciting ?	17	Finite
His quest for objects did not abate amidst the greenery .	6	Nonfinite
I do n't understand it at all .	3	Nonfinite
I do not think , however , that this report has come too late .	3	Finite
That is the line taken in the reports before you today .	1	Finite
they puff out to look bigger and badder and they can scratch you a lil if u r holding them to tight :)	11	Nonfinite
4 . In Section 6.2.1 I 'll just note that the discount rate sentence I think is still an open issue .	6	Finite
Now , to bring that home , I thought I 'd invent a little game .	3	Nonfinite
To tell the truth , this 's the first time for a week we 've had time to sit down to eat .	1	Nonfinite
She highly recommended him and described him as the " Saintly Instructor and Simply the Best Instructor there is .... very calm , pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions " .	5	Finite
And the Moldovan airline used to transport the shipment was blasted by the UN in 2003 for smuggling arms to Liberia , human rights group Amnesty has discovered .	9	Finite
U.S. Muslim groups criticized President Bush on Thursday for calling a foiled plot to blow up airplanes part of a " war with Islamic fascists , " saying the term could inflame anti-Muslim tensions .	14	Nonfinite
The white pages allowed me to get in touch with parents of my high school friends so that I could track people down one by one and the restaurant section is basically my cookbook .	3	Finite
Would it be possible to persuade others to agree with what he said , even though they did not believe him ?	2	Nonfinite
" Pop art was about what popular American culture really thought was important " , Kathryn Waters said .	10	Finite
Paris also claims that her passport was taken away from her and she was forced to work in the engine room .	6	Finite
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions : Please do not transmit orders and / or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account ( s ) by e-mail .	11	Finite
Your mom just called and said your dad 's surgery will be at 2:30 p.m .	3	Finite
Musharraf held elections in October of 2002 , in which center - right parties did well , but in which nearly 20 percent of parliament seats went to the fundamentalist religious party coalition , MMA .	26	Finite
Of course , they would be closing in 5 minutes , so I would have to hurry up or get it the next day .	16	Nonfinite
She sort of appologized for Dan taking the day off to go skiing - but he could do the repair on Sunday !	17	Nonfinite
This means that when you move a series or category field to the filter area and back , previously hidden items are again hidden .	1	Finite
Reach over 800 million people where they connect and share .	7	Finite
Do not live here , you will regret it !	2	Finite
Also , for the thing to work you need to have many dedicated volunteers willing to do the management ( onerous ) and many willing to do the reading .	16	Nonfinite
Just remember to make sure the mother is properly caring for the baby .	3	Nonfinite
So should Ukraine really be forced to create a new constitutional order based on the Big Lie ?	7	Nonfinite
In a recently-accepted Evolution paper Bos and colleagues describe ants appearing to self-medicate .	8	Finite
Test simple image and text - based adverts and use what works .	0	Finite
However , when we are at parties or when they are people around she seems to ignore me .	10	Finite
There is an outside chance we could have everything set to go this week .	1	Finite
When they saw a cartoon of their prophet , people had to die .	12	Nonfinite
But , when I suggest that she get Frank to model for her , she laughs .	4	Finite
They were abrasive and rude - when they were the ones who messed everything up .	1	Finite
Move the strap adjusters around .	0	Nonfinite
We are only doing public domain works , for a number of reasons , partly to keep simplicity in our copyright situation -- public domain means it s as simple as can be .	32	Nonfinite
Ozone is something that we understand the causes of , and the steps that need to be taken to improve air quality . "	14	Finite
I 'm forwarding a revised development agreement term sheet , showing revisions from your original version .	1	Finite
I did n't feel guilty about the garage sale , that 's why I was annoyed - being notified at 10:00 at night GRRRRRRR .	14	Finite
the economy is down and when enron collapses , the energy industry is going to be in a world of hurt .	2	Finite
" The US will work its way through the loss of a city and we are making progress after seven short days .	3	Finite
In 1606 the name of William 's daughter Susanna appears on a list of those who failed to attend Easter communion in Stratford .	9	Finite
Some people put in a very dilute Acriflaven solution to slow down the fungus , so one can take white eggs out with a pipette or eyedropper .	18	Nonfinite
It would be nice if Shankman and John Arnold could attend .	10	Nonfinite
That pollution was money to that community , and those people dealt with the pollution and absorbed it into their skin and into their bodies because they needed the money .	11	Finite
50 m - Number of voters in total who voted for Bush in 2000 .	9	Finite
( I 've even had a pair of killies leave eggs on a floating thermometer !	9	Nonfinite
I mean , there 's only so many times you can polish a prefect badge .	4	Finite
They said they were " unable to tell me until they ordered my dress " .	3	Finite
why will hav to pay customs if it is a gift ... ??	2	Nonfinite
Considering Socotra is a fairly new eco-tourism destination , their facilities are decent .	11	Finite
This is a spectacular ship , a very popular choice of families to spend their leisure time .	1	Finite
They do n't speak the best English but enough to get by .	1	Finite
By the end of 2005 you 'll have a whole new start with regard to your career and your earning potential - and a possible new partnership to top it off !	7	Nonfinite
He was five feet six , I should judge , and had his grip on the handle-end of ever so many millions .	1	Finite
Certainly I did n't know them .	4	Nonfinite
All offspring from this cross will have soft feathers , as hookless feathers are a recessive gene .	13	Finite
And some of those whale meat samples were whale meat .	7	Finite
Take your time and really explore the Maya sites , walk for miles along the Gulf of Mexico , attend a village festival , photograph the wildlife , crawl through a cave or swim in a cenote .	19	Nonfinite
I shall also refer the matter to the College of Quaestors , and I am certain that they will be keen to ensure that we comply with the regulations we ourselves vote on .	18	Finite
Everything except the display worked fine before I took it in .	4	Finite
This could n't be farther from the truth .	3	Nonfinite
But air traffic controllers in Baghdad have no record of the flights , which supposedly took off between July 2004 and July 2005 .	15	Finite
Of course , Curtis , said Hjalmar .	5	Finite
My skylight was making a horrible noise when the wind blew .	2	Finite
You can also try practicing in front of a sympathetic friend or family member once you ’re ready for a “ real ” audience .	1	Finite
The anger has spread throughout the Muslim world , including Iraq .	2	Finite
Remember that the Occupation is emphemeral . "	4	Finite
Having completed this operation , he would return the notebook to his pocket , pick up his bag , and continue on his way .	20	Nonfinite
I feel that the way some doctor s offices work around here is a little bit absurd so I 'm happy that these guys do n't do those two things in particlular .	9	Finite
The RHS collected comments sent in by schoolchildren and teachers involved in the experiment .	2	Finite
i m pretty sure that they do see things on the tv screen because my cat chases things around the tv screen	7	Nonfinite
It 's also fuelled the emergence of modern high - rises -- like the visionary MahaNakhon , Bangkok 's tallest building .	1	Finite
But Cotton ’s dark deeds did not occur due to some sort of compulsion to kill .	7	Nonfinite
You should ABSOLUTELY call your veterinarian back immediately to clarify anything you have questions about .	1	Finite
" We had to take action . ''	2	Finite
in order to bring immediate results it will also be necessary to have constant monitoring of the implementation of the directive .	9	Nonfinite
Therefore , substantial demand side measures and targets should be adopted .	9	Nonfinite
The US National Hurricane Center said Rita was " extremely dangerous " and could become a top - level category five storm on the Saffir - Simpson scale .	14	Nonfinite
The photo clearly shows the narrow touch display bar above the keyboard that has been anticipated in rumors .	3	Finite
A PivotTable list is an interactive table that you can use to analyze data dynamically from within a Web browser .	3	Finite
Your luggage will be brought to the entrance , if you 'll just give me the tickets ...	13	Nonfinite
Microsoft is 4 - 0 ( they took down Netscape , Suns Systems , MAC and IBM ) and Google may be their next target .	20	Finite
I do n't want to waste my time with them .	1	Finite
Glad I called before I arrived with my box to ship .	10	Nonfinite
Compounding this is the well - based suspicion that Syria has perhaps the most advanced chemical weapons capability in the Persian Gulf .	10	Finite
TRY THIS PLACE - YOU 'LL LOVE IT .	0	Finite
Do n't waste time , just drive 10 minutes more down to Stevens Creek , they actually do try to help their customers there !	18	Nonfinite
And as I looked at the map of it in a shop-window , it fascinated me as a snake would a bird – a silly little bird .	19	Finite
BAD COFFEE , DO NT BOTHER !	3	Finite
Everyone was very nice .	1	Finite
You 're getting old , he said to himself , you 're turning into an old fart .	11	Finite
And , he did n't think he needed to know anything about South Asia , with its nuclear giants and radical religious politics -- the latter a dire security threat to the US .	3	Finite
How long does it take to train new people at work ?	6	Nonfinite
I am indeed checking on flights to Seoul and do n't think I 'm going to go at exactly the same time as my parents .	11	Nonfinite
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair ( she only wanted one , however ) .	17	Finite
I am waiting to hear about a possible call Friday morning .	1	Finite
I always ask leave , in the interests of science , to measure the crania of those going out there , he said .	2	Finite
At first , it looked as though Uncle Vernon would manage to gloss the whole thing over ( Just our nephew – very disturbed meeting strangers upsets him , so we kept him upstairs )	9	Finite
This means we ca n't look at the issue you raise with these animals .	3	Finite
The coefficient and standard error are as followed :	5	Finite
the International Date Line jogs eastward to keep them on the same calendar day as the rest of New Zealand .	4	Finite
They eventually turned it over to a collection agency and now will not even discuss the matter .	14	Nonfinite
Incitement by Arab TV , accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies , has become a powerful weapon of those who lie , distort and want to destroy everything .	25	Finite
The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns , and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus .	30	Finite
Paul Dewar , an Ottawa New Democrat MP , said the combined security lapses raise serious questions about the government 's ability to secure sensitive documents .	14	Finite
News of the retreat came as a great shock to Danish public opinion which had considered the Danevirke to be impregnable , and General de Meza was promptly relieved of his command .	26	Finite
From a moral standpoint , you guys are really gon na take 2,000 bucks from someone that needs that truck to work and support his family when you know it s just a piece of scrap metal ?	23	Nonfinite
The first thing you notice when you arrive on location is that the waiting line literally goes out the door and spills into the parking lot .	4	Finite
Dampen the mixture with water so it 's ready to provide the right environment for the basil seeds to germinate .	7	Finite
You will be aware from the press and television that there have been a number of bomb explosions and killings in Sri Lanka .	1	Finite
I have counted around 25 of them and they currently reside in a 20 gallon tank .	1	Finite
Any of the tip - top places have great ice - cream , get them to mix it up .	16	Nonfinite
( think of a balding man lol ) Look for clean feathers .	1	Finite
This is the very best in the Gables .	1	Finite
Well I recently bought the Nook Color , and I have to say that I am very happy with it .	3	Finite
Even the public clinics and hospitals that do exist are often rendered useless by high rates of absenteeism by doctors .	7	Finite
His early plays were mainly comedies and histories , genres he raised to the peak of sophistication and artistry by the end of the 16 th century .	11	Finite
Mr President , our committee views these issues very differently and , to start , I will speak from the point of view of research .	17	Nonfinite
Sure , some items are a little pricey , but c'm on ... have you ever been out to eat in Seattle before ?	4	Finite
Do we have someone who is watching this out there ?	0	Finite
Those having to deal with these risks should therefore meet stringent requirements .	3	Nonfinite
I worked with Andrew for 2 months and did acupuncture and herbs .	1	Finite
2 of them are kinda whitish and are about 4 - 5 cm long .	3	Finite
So I kept reading and then I saw the dates , it was from mid day Friday and arriving home mid day monday . :(	7	Finite
By year 's end , your creative decision - making will have carried you to whole new peaks - and a whole new view from above .	10	Finite
The presence of the Sea Tigers in the area with guns , cash and drugs makes the situation extremely dangerous .	15	Finite
Well it took us a while to find one that we liked .	7	Nonfinite
Do I need a protein skimmer or any other equipment ?	2	Nonfinite
Worst experience ever like a sardine can and the bartender downstairs is the rudest person I have ever met .	16	Finite
All three of Mrs Weasley 's sons were taller than she was , but they cowered as her rage broke over them .	19	Finite
Without a doubt the best place to grab a tall bloody mary and some eggs benedict .	7	Nonfinite
They tried to run my credit score as less as possible so it wo n't hurt my score .	13	Finite
Meditation has to do with what is called ideation .	3	Nonfinite
Caplan dismisses retrospective voting , quoting a pair of scholars who call it “ no more rational than killing the pharaoh when the Nile does not flood . ”	11	Finite
Keep in mind though that if you end up failing I will not let you forget it ( and , as we have established , I have the memory of an elephant ) .	0	Finite
So I still can recomend them but prepare pay twice as much as they tell you initially .	14	Finite
I like my Monkey Brain on a stick for sure .	1	Finite
It turned out being very good quality tmobile service and I was happy with the new tmobile phone .	1	Finite
This magma tends to be very viscous due to its high silica content , so it often does not reach the surface but cools at depth .	17	Finite
All you can do is take each section ( individual video ) and edit them together on software .	2	Finite
He can eat all his feed and does n't drop any , but can not eat hay from lack of muscle to chew it .	22	Nonfinite
However , in the mid-1980s , Cleveland earned the nickname the " Comeback City ' as the urban core experienced a dramatic revitalization process that continues today .	25	Finite
When civilians launched a suicidal attack on an armed force in Kyiv on February 20 , their sense of representing " the nation " far outweighed their concern with their individual mortality .	2	Finite
I do n't know if there is anything I can do but I 'm always willing to help .	17	Nonfinite
" He devoured books of every kind , feeding indiscriminately on religious works , history and literature , philosophy and physics .	2	Finite
" What we know is that he 's always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their enemies , " former CIA OBL unit counter terrorism chief Michael Scheuer has said .	16	Nonfinite
Stardust is a NASA Discovery mission that was launched in 1999 .	1	Finite
We feed the chickens scraps of veggies and fruits throughout the day , but it 's nothing that a rabbit would n't be able to digest just fine .	1	Finite
But if not just say no but i hope there is like one out there somewhere .	8	Finite
In great confusion , there and then they decided to go .	10	Nonfinite
Various mitigating actions have been and will be taken to provide focus , gain comfort over control levels and to provide assurance to senior management as to the accuracy of the Q1 DPR and business balance sheet .	20	Nonfinite
I would be interested in hearing what conclusions you reached and what you found that was most convincing .	2	Nonfinite
If you still do n't enjoy the kittens , see what other opportunities are available .	5	Nonfinite
This was the station 's mess-room .	1	Finite
It pretty much covers dating stuff .	3	Finite
Indeed , it may be forced to retreat from the Middle East and concentrate on its domestic problems .	4	Nonfinite
In all my travels I ’ve never seen anything like it and am often met with an odd look when I explain them to foreigners .	21	Finite
But that ’s not the case .	2	Finite
WHAT IS THAT ?????	1	Finite
Nice local pub , excellent food ( especially wings ) , and do n't go if you have a limited amount of time .	14	Finite
In an interview with Terry Gross , Stephen Colbert said of his time at Second City that they had decided on not doing political humor and , in particular , hackneyed political humor such as Ted Kennedy drinking jokes .	18	Finite
The voices of Evelyn , Neil , and the South African flew about the car ;	11	Finite
The appropriations shall be authorised by the budgetary authority within the limits of the financial perspective .	3	Nonfinite
The person who best explains this , and helps me out the best with my question will be REWARDED WITH TEN POINTS !!!!!!!	16	Finite
why will hav to pay customs if it is a gift ... ??	8	Finite
Politicians profess an Oath to this nation but once in office pursue their party agenda and reward their voters .	16	Finite
They were chirping and doing their every day business .	1	Finite
" This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .	2	Finite
You can check that out as well , to confirm that this is all real , and for a worthy cause .	2	Nonfinite
And one of our friends , our common friends , he introduced us during study hall , and we just kind of hit it off from there .	22	Finite
Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest .	1	Finite
My goal , however optimistic , is to execute the risk policy by the end of today .	6	Finite
It has nothing to do with true fanatic religious beliefs .	4	Nonfinite
1 Choose the kind of basil you wish to grow .	7	Finite
i wan na meet girls from san francisco i am from mexico ?	3	Nonfinite
you do n't know what that means ?	6	Finite
We carved out little squares for the ants to live in ( covered with old CD covers to prevent them escaping ! ) .	1	Finite
This retreat came as a surprise to the Austro - Prussian army , and almost all of the Danish army succeeded in completing the evacuation .	20	Finite
" To have a business allow that type of filth to be purveyed through their website or through their system is something that they say they ca n't handle .	26	Finite
Even worse , the dark , narrow street Harry could see through the dusty shop window was definitely not Diagon Alley .	16	Finite
Catriona is well and has landed herself a pretty cool job in PR .	4	Finite
October is National Magic Month in the US .	1	Finite
I also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of services that I did not need .	17	Finite
Despite Sept. 11 , the United States still supports the Kashmir groups that back jihad as part of the price Washington is paying to keep Pervez Musharraf happy .	8	Finite
I choose Console Pros and I 'm happy I did .	1	Finite
Do you shoot back at someone trying to kill you , standing deliberately behind a group of children ?	2	Nonfinite
The creature slipped off the bed and bowed so low that the end of its long thin nose touched the carpet .	7	Finite
And on April 3 his chief aide in Najaf was suddenly arrested along with 13 other members of his organization , and the Coalition forces are put into violent conflict with his organization , which leaves 7 US soldiers dead .	9	Finite
Remove your fingers from the existing grip and replace them with your new laser grip .	8	Finite
He is kind of hate walking with leash , every time I put the leash on , he will try to bite it .	18	Finite
750,000 - Tons of toxic waste the US military , the world 's biggest polluter , generates around the world each year .	16	Finite
The second-class trading area had been laid out long ago and haphazardly ; shops cropped up suddenly , streets met , the car plunged and rolled .	23	Finite
“ So I hate to put a little pressure on you , but the fate of the republic rests on your shoulders , ” he told the crowd gathered on a sports field at the University of North Carolina .	5	Nonfinite
Anyway , I was practically raised on this stuff , and being a connoisseur of West Indian cuisine , Jamaica Way is a bit toned down to suit the American palette .	27	Nonfinite
He could be killed years ago and the israelians have all the reasons , since he founded and he is the spiritual leader of Hamas , but they did n't .	2	Nonfinite
How could millions of customers be reimbursed if the charge had already been included in their electricity bills ?	5	Nonfinite
The impacts of climate change on the region and the globe are projected to increase substantially in the years to come . "	11	Finite
Once you have a budget or an amount in the bank then you 'll be able to figure out where you can go , for how long you can go and what you can do when you 're there .	33	Finite
I do n't know about birding in that part of the world but you might possibly find help at this site : http://www.wildlifeofpakistan.com/PakistanBirdClub/index.html	1	Finite
A warm , gentle breeze swirls around your body and relaxes you even more .	10	Finite
We ca n't avoid being politicized ( to use a word as murky as the condition it describes ) because it is necessary after all to know what is going on .	26	Nonfinite
we purchased a new home but was unable to sell our old house so we contacted this property management company and they have helped us quickly rent out our house and keep it maintained .	15	Finite
Hopefully he did n't spel anyting incorrectly .	2	Finite
Chemicals are still on our agenda in the EU .	1	Finite
Let me know .	2	Nonfinite
These guys took Customer Service 101 from a Neanderthal .	2	Finite
You can also copy data displayed in a PivotTable view to other programs , such as Microsoft FrontPage .	3	Nonfinite
Iguazu is in Argentina :)	1	Finite
This term is qualified by a further concept called a junction which represents one idea , expressed by means of two or more elements , whereas a nexus combines two ideas .	8	Finite
One of the people assassinated very recently in Sri Lanka was Mr Kumar Ponnambalam , who had visited the European Parliament just a few months ago .	10	Finite
If we have time next week , I could step you through our website -- www.weathereffects.com .	9	Nonfinite
why do nt you get some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does something right .	12	Nonfinite
Another problem is that sometimes bad eggs will fungus and the fungus will spread out and kill all the eggs .	7	Finite
Wish I knew what he was up to , said Fred , frowning .	2	Finite
I 'm unsure of this , because once I watched a commercial of cat food with my cat and she did n't react to seeing another cat on TV .	22	Nonfinite
The Commission set out the basic ideas for the protection of the euro in a Communication it published as early as 1998 [ 1 ] .	17	Finite
America can adopt a new growth strategy – moving away from excess consumption toward a model based on saving and investing in people , infrastructure , and capacity .	1	Finite
It must be stamped out .	2	Nonfinite
Perhaps that 's why a surge of tears clouds his pupils while the syllable of time unearths his crop and surrenders his mystery to the bound waters .	8	Finite
We loved most of the locations that both of the ships visited and do n't believe that this should be a distinguishing factor on deciding between the cruise lines .	19	Nonfinite
Six black men advanced in a file , toiling up the path . They walked erect and slow , balancing small baskets full of earth on their heads , and the clink kept time with their footsteps .	15	Nonfinite
Coron has taken an important position in the tourism industry .	1	Finite
They do make a host of florescent proteins , and these may interact with the light of the ROV to give that gorgeous glow .	11	Finite
Mr Cox , Mr Hänsch , would this be acceptable to you ?	6	Finite
His delight in killing people became a campaign issue in 2000 when he seemed , in one debate , to enjoy the prospect of executing wrong - doers a little too much .	20	Nonfinite
Ca n't anyone help you ?	3	Nonfinite
The owner is the one who is unable .	2	Finite
We refuse to play the part of hapless victim in future history textbooks .	3	Nonfinite
Chahine said her immediate family spent about $ 20,000 to return to Detroit via Syria and Jordan .	1	Finite
i m traveling to lourdes for a day	1	Finite
There 's also an option to send emoji , GIFs , custom memes and stickers via the platform , and connect your Twitter feed .	20	Nonfinite
It 's much more fun when there are other people that can understand your language .	11	Finite
When he started out his poems were about beating drums , and blow , bugle , blow .	2	Finite
Let me know if you have any questions .	2	Nonfinite
The recall of all OBSF stock in early April and retention on balance sheet ( reduced where economically viable ) until positions are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated .	31	Nonfinite
The application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods can help Enron to improve further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor fuel .	23	Nonfinite
( 1 ) Everyone has the right freely to participate in the cultural life of the community , to enjoy the arts and to share in scientific advancement and its benefits .	19	Nonfinite
The liq value for the call is CORRECT .	6	Finite
Thank you guys .	0	Finite
So if you lose him , he is easier to find , because smaller rodents just LOVE to escape from their cages .	3	Finite
See the steps for approval below .	0	Finite
But while the ( otherwise perishable ) thoughts are still fresh in my mind from the hearings on Monday and Tuesday , I wanted to throw out some observations for discussion in the days / weeks ahead .	8	Finite
Like you said " the kids egg him on " .	2	Finite
The Kashmir issue generates far more terrorism , and even the threat of nuclear war , than Iraq ever did .	19	Finite
Other methods , such as the method adopted in 2005 , makes the snitch a tennis ball in a sock , hanging out of the running shorts of the snitch runner .	11	Finite
i 've only tried to feed him one at a time .	1	Finite
Once we agree on the list , we can sign the EEI Master .	8	Finite
They shall be published in the Official Journal of the European Union if the texts in the present languages were so published .	2	Nonfinite
A bit pricey , so I did n't go very often , but it was always a treat when I did .	8	Nonfinite
Why did you choose to run in the Republican Party ?	1	Finite
Overall , it is not a good solution , but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it .	32	Nonfinite
The broker called back shortly after I spoke to you to let me know that the kestrel air park building and the strip center at fm78 & walzem had both sold .	28	Finite
The story " Umoregi " ( " In Obscurity " ) signaled Higuchi 's arrival as a professional writer .	11	Finite
" When a chicken or another animal with this tendency becomes frightened , its heart rate lowers and it stops moving .	10	Finite
However , I can say what features they would / could have .	11	Nonfinite
Not the smartest move to take off on a worldly adventure if you 've never traveled before and you do n't put where you would be traveling from .	5	Nonfinite
Against the pallor of his skin , the flaxen thinness of his hair , the effect was almost transparent , as though one could see through to the blue veins behind the skin of his face .	24	Nonfinite
It sounds ( according to your own statement ) that they had a roomful of dogs , so they must be doing something right - and are keeping those dogs safe from potential problems .	19	Finite
When you export data from Access to an XML file , you choose to save the structure of a form or report into a ReportML format .	12	Finite
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar 's property ) .	15	Finite
All are equal before the law and are entitled without any discrimination to equal protection of the law .	7	Finite
The window did n't break !	2	Finite
I went across the bay last night to attend a farmer 's market and music event .	8	Nonfinite
He was trained to a harness / leash for outside time but he knew to use the litter pan inside .	1	Finite
Dostoevski , no mean judge of such matters , thought there was much to be said for the murderer 's point of view .	14	Nonfinite
“ You even talk to those people -	3	Finite
Oh I 'll tell you who 's still around though – Barry Forsyth .	3	Nonfinite
You can invite people to war over noses , but nobody will go to fight for noses any more .	2	Nonfinite
Took 1 + hour to deliver to Chatham , hair in food , driver did n't know area .	0	Finite
Copyright and the EU 's principle of free competition should be taken into account in the televising of sports as of other events .	10	Nonfinite
The Incas treated the crop as sacred and referred to quinoa as " chisaya mama " or " mother of all grains . " [ 1 ]	2	Finite
69 - Percentage of Americans who believed the White House 's claims in September 2003 that Saddam Hussein was personally involved in the 11 September attacks .	18	Finite
Never drink and drive .	3	Nonfinite
Having a pet is n't easy .	3	Finite
Until now Pakistan has not facilitated such a return and clearly it can not happen until there is both a pull from Kabul and a push from Islamabad .	14	Nonfinite
I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what 's the point ?	20	Finite
The study combines qualitative and quantitative approaches .	2	Finite
The main reason is Google is more accessible to the global community and you can rest assured that it 's not going to go away .	19	Finite
Gasping for breath she pulled a large clothes brush out of her bag and began sweeping off the soot Hagrid had n't managed to beat away .	4	Finite
Let me know what schedule works for you .	5	Finite
Some critics consider Balzac 's writing exemplary of naturalism - a more pessimistic and analytical form of realism , which seeks to explain human behavior as intrinsically linked with the environment .	22	Nonfinite
They 'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want , plus all the information you need to apply .	23	Finite
The South Korean company initially thought a battery fault was to blame , and switched its own component for a third - party power cell .	5	Finite
i have tried putting him in a small container and putting him in a dark place for an hour or so and he wo n't touch the pinky .	25	Nonfinite
What happened to McGowan ?	1	Finite
Return to the top	0	Finite
A page created using Microsoft Access 2000 must be converted before it can be used with Access 2002 .	12	Finite
The worst thing that can happen for any restaurant like Zahav is to have too many people write hyperbolic reviews making claims that " everyone " is going to " love " the food , decor and service .	13	Nonfinite
From what we hear from the news media , one could easily conclude that all Christians are opposed to gay marriage .	10	Finite
the following day his new son - in - law , Thomas Quiney was found guilty of fathering an illegitimate son by Margaret Wheeler , who had died during childbirth .	26	Finite
As Pakistan 's president had been telling the United States he was " forced " into taking a hawkish line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman , this was an embarrassment .	4	Finite
If you see a dark spot in the egg , that means it is fertilized and will hatch if cared for properly .	11	Finite
She used to make packages of sandwiches for Mweta to take with him when he cycled for miles about Gala province at weekends , speaking at meetings .	15	Finite
The only way to know for sure is to call 611 , or your cell phone help line , and ask .	7	Finite
Abby is our beloved friend , and we are trying to raise money for her any way we can , so this prize money is important to help her continue to receive her life - saving treatments .	11	Nonfinite
The Jewish marriage living to the right of George 's house said that he is an arrogant person who does never return a greeting .	19	Finite
Seriously , I talked this morning with Tom Hall and we agreed that Ecogas would pay him $ 53,000 .	14	Finite
How can I say such an abomination , ask you ?	8	Finite
International law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones , stands behind them and shoots with immunity and can not be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government .	13	Nonfinite
one was strong and healthy , while the other was emaciated , shackled , carrying the baggage of disease , and confronting the massive barrier of malnutrition .	1	Finite
Whatever Stillman had done , he had done ; wherever Stillman had gone , he had gone .	11	Finite
When creating a page , you can use the contents of a connection file to set the ConnectionString property of the page , but choose not to create a link between the page and the connection file .	27	Nonfinite
Dallas Criminal Attorney Peter Barrett is absolutely committed to vigorously supporting your rights and achieving a successful outcome .	5	Finite
And do n't even think about asking to speak to the manager because this guy is , and pardon my French , a jerk .	1	Finite
After my last day in Sydney , I will be going to Fiji before heading back to the states .	8	Finite
The units may only work for a short time because mice can become used to them . [ 4 ]	12	Nonfinite
What I like most about Dr. Liau is that she is very caring .	2	Finite
In the third week I had more than $ 10,000.00 and it 's still growing !!	12	Finite
The simplest way is to just peg players by throwing dodge balls .	10	Nonfinite
Whether such an offer were accepted or declined would make no difference ; justice would not be served then .	8	Finite
He said Mr Dar , 33 , was arrested in Indian - administered Kashmir and belonged to the outlawed Lashkar - e - Toiba militant group .	15	Finite
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1 - 2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything .	2	Nonfinite
Anyway , I got you message , and I got the World Series thing ( although I had already received	9	Finite
sorry for not sending it to you earlier ( totally forgot to open my outlook ) .	12	Nonfinite
cats react to the treatment they receive , they are not toys .	1	Finite
The origin of the word Hispania is much disputed and the evidence for the various speculations are based merely upon what are at best mere resemblances , likely to be accidental , and suspect supporting evidence .	6	Finite
St François if you go at the eastern point of Guadeloupe , you will reach La Pointe des Chateaux , a scenery made of sand and rocks which have vaguely the shape of a castle .	4	Finite
The sample includes our " caveat " , so it should be fine .	2	Finite
He and his master dragged me to my room and held judgment upon me as a convicted traitress .	4	Finite
In some places , that may mean teaching agricultural extension workers how to make their messages more relevant to female audiences , or encouraging them to visit when women are most likely to be at home .	26	Nonfinite
I have melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch ( much larger than the plumbers torch , but it can be run of those propane cylinders you can buy for a gas grill ) .	25	Finite
B&B came out very quickly to give us our quote back in June .	1	Finite
Then she sighed in a way that seemed to suggest she was regretting her decision to take him home .	16	Nonfinite
When he finished school , Balzac was an apprentice in a law office , but he turned his back on the study of law after wearying of its inhumanity and banal routine .	2	Finite
A strategy that might prove helpful is to consider how fortunate you are that life has been good to you so far .	3	Finite
Please clarify " all " do you intend 10MM for ENA as well ?	5	Finite
How do you run a cafe , with no refills on coffee - ?	1	Finite
because all of the food blogs I ve read say so and I will travel from maryland if that s true	7	Finite
Finally , the " Hatfill theory " seems to have been exhausted or at least lost public favor .	7	Finite
I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what 's the point ?	16	Finite
No extensions shall be granted for the contracting period .	2	Finite
The mice will sniff the smell of cat urine and clear off in a jiffy .	10	Nonfinite
Doug and I met with the Chairman of PUCT and have had subsequent conversations .	10	Finite
WILL SOMEONE PLZ HELP ME IT 'S DUE WENSDAY !?!?! :(	3	Nonfinite
Are you free for lunch some day this week ?	0	Finite
my female chameleon just laid eggs yesterday and today some of the eggs are soft when i mean soft i mean like not like ordinary chameleon eggs .	20	Finite
DPA : Iraqi authorities announced that they had busted up 3 terrorist cells operating in Baghdad .	4	Finite
Let s be clear about this ...........	2	Nonfinite
Finishing the largest item on your list of things to do will make you feel extra productive and give you the boost to do other things you ’ve been pushing to the side .	23	Nonfinite
Note that you are not required to link either a CSS file or an XSL style sheet to an XML document in order for Internet Explorer 5 ( and later versions ) to display the document .	3	Finite
After you paste the line , you do not need to recreate the group – the new line is automatically part of the group .	11	Nonfinite
While many mousers are great pets as well , not all are .	11	Finite
Explanations of the origin of music depend on how music is defined .	6	Finite
" We are seeing many , many countries and especially large new emitters like Brazil , South Africa , India and China stepping up to the plate in terms of playing a role in reducing emissions , " said Guilbeault .	2	Finite
I would like to invite you to come to a site where you can hear talking parakeets that are not just mimicking , but actually talking in sophisticated conversational language .	18	Finite
Set a timer for ten minutes , and take a nap , read a book , or call your friend .	8	Nonfinite
Some reporters ( you know , the ones with journalistic ethics ) have actually uncovered the truth about George Bush 's service in the Texas Air National Guard .	4	Finite
I can print it here , initial it , and fax it to whomever you want .	6	Nonfinite
I should like to address one final point .	1	Finite
Their head of nature policy , Jeff Knott , stated : “ I ’d be amazed if either a ban or licensing was introduced off the back of it ” .	22	Finite
Cloaking himself in Yasser Arafat 's legacy , Abbas pledged to fulfill Palestinian dreams of statehood .	11	Nonfinite
Men 's shorts should be knee length or more , if worn at all .	4	Nonfinite
The modernist revolution in the arts during the early 20 th century , far from discarding Shakespeare , eagerly enlisted his work in the service of the avant-garde .	19	Finite
Mine learned to " go to the bathroom " only in their cages and loved to ride on my shoulder or hang out in my hoodie pouch .	16	Nonfinite
( See attached file : Constellation Power ( GISB draft ) .doc ) ( See attached file : Sam3102.doc )	1	Finite
The increased FDI would create 18,000 new jobs in the pharmaceutical industry .	3	Finite
London is a deliteful city to visit and easy to get around .	6	Nonfinite
Josh Kindig , he 's coming on board , he has some ideas for that too , he wants to take over " aywv " and do more gaming news .	18	Finite
Your children will be taken care of and loved by a professional staff .	2	Finite
The Chapman lighthouse , a three-legged thing erect on a mud-flat , shone strongly .	12	Finite
By the way , Cullen and Dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to Melanie Gray .	13	Finite
if the computer is completely shut off , the USB ports are n't getting power , so they wo n't charge your phone	18	Finite
Now that I live here , this is my favorite place to grab flowers for friends and coworkers !	7	Finite
Another time I 'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where " Mommies " get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason .	16	Finite
It was because of the discredited policies of his own Conservative Party .	1	Finite
Sandi sez it 's actually happening at 10 AM and it 's renewable - focused .	11	Finite
JUNO AND OPEN I LOVE YOU GUYS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	4	Finite
In June and July of 1973 , he accumulated 56 points , enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973 - 1974 year .	8	Finite
To encourage participation , the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development ( EBRD ) could invest in companies alongside foreign and local investors , as it did in Central Europe .	1	Nonfinite
Also if they have diarrhea , check in with your foster coordinator .	6	Finite
No one 's going to take you seriously if they 're full of typos and whatnot .	2	Finite
The Chernobyl Children 's Project ( http://www.adiccp.org/home/default.asp ) offers several ways to help the children of that region .	12	Nonfinite
The southeast is the driest , enjoying a more continental climate .	2	Finite
Spring and late autumn are the best times to visit Athens .	9	Nonfinite
not until the plane had come to a stop on the runway , and they were waiting for the health inspector to come aboard .	15	Finite
I started with 21 email addresses .	1	Finite
It remains a small , quaint fishing town with laid back charm but with increasing media exposure it is growing , slowly but steadily ,	18	Finite
Several " group theories " have also been proposed .	5	Finite
Not that his whole year at Hogwarts had been fun .	7	Finite
You look for sleighs and frost when you hear this jingle-belling .	1	Finite
Is there supposed to be a cashout booked in Sitara for these months ?	4	Nonfinite
They 're our favorite pizza place to order from ... and they 're a local , family owned company !	12	Finite
When the bars were safely in the back seat with Ron , Fred reversed as close as possible to Harry 's window .	3	Finite
He handed it to Auster . You see , he said .	1	Finite
Shrugging , he gives up and I turn to the twice disagreeable chicken and eat guiltily , my appetite spoiled .	19	Finite
This fact means that the European Parliament , the Commissioner and the Commission must act decisively and strategically .	2	Finite
The only neurological sign that he shows is that he barely drags his toes and sometimes has trouble with his right lead .	7	Finite
Branch out and try something other than the Pad Thai , the curries are fantastic .	13	Finite
I remain convinced that if we can just get the facts in front of people they will modulate their approach .	17	Nonfinite
Then , from the darkness , he began to hear a voice , a chanting , idiotic voice that sang the same sentence over and over again : You ca n't make an omelette without breaking eggs .	7	Finite
put the heater on the snake he will love it and the the next day you will have dinner	7	Finite
Summers can be very warm and with the cold wind across the plains it can get very cold in the winter , but it does not last long .	1	Finite
I think that you understand that your largest and smallest golden wonders are males .	1	Finite
It 's important to use sanitary , clean tubes for your glowsticks .	1	Finite
What does independence mean – I do n't use freedom , I do n't like the big words – what does your independence mean , then ?	14	Nonfinite
Her voice was listless in the dark and she was even harder to understand when I could n't see her properly .	2	Finite
, Do you want us to come over to the Enron b in your call .	6	Nonfinite
Nobody likes the Parisians , even then Parisians do n't like Parisians .	1	Finite
The MoI in Iraq is equivalent to the US FBI , so this would be like having J. Edgar Hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the Weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	21	Nonfinite
could you also CC me the first few times you send it ?	3	Nonfinite
Along with an area on the page for those to join the mailing list .	10	Nonfinite
' I will send your things up .	2	Finite
I had to get a permit here , it was cool	3	Nonfinite
Bray asked , How on earth have you managed ?	6	Finite
There are tons of specialty boutiques and gourmet caterers , as well as clothing and sporting good retailers .	1	Finite
If possible , can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5 ?	3	Finite
For this to be possible , what we need from the European Commission are not just good intentions , but clearer guidelines and a firm commitment to monitoring the way these resources are used by the Member States .	3	Nonfinite
His eyes began to mist .	2	Finite
SQL Server verifies that the account name and password were validated when the user logged on to the system and grants access to the database , without requiring a separate logon name or password .	9	Finite
They have sent over their top reporter Ahmed Mansour to the town , and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of Al - Sahhaf .	1	Finite
That was our reaction to all of the J-Lo stuff .	1	Finite
Put a metal detector in front of every train station in Spain and the terrorists will get the buses .	16	Nonfinite
On August 21st , 2009 I ordered furniture from Hickory Furniture Mart and contracted for HDS to deliver it .	13	Finite
Since being a good friend to someone usually means helping them , they often ca n't stand the thought of a good friendship .	14	Finite
$ 3.7 m - Amount the EPA valued each human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during the Bush administration .	7	Finite
And noticed two other breeds that look a lot alike .	6	Finite
Clap your hands or give it a gentle shove until it jumps up and walks away .	4	Nonfinite
I went on along Fleet Street , but could not shake off the idea .	8	Finite
So I just needed to know if it is a suitable place to live in and in what ways .	8	Finite
Chancellor Angela Merkel must reach out to President Vladimir Putin to ensure that Russia is a partner , not an opponent , in the Ukrainian renaissance .	3	Finite
“ There have no business being there unless they are undermining Pakistan , ’’ says a Pakistani official .	9	Finite
They were accomdating with my scheduled and work with my insurance to get payment for the surgery .	1	Finite
Now that Oxitec has conducted promising field trials in the Cayman Islands , Malaysia , and Brazil , it is preparing to conduct trials in other countries , including the United States .	3	Finite
I say we just keep the dough and go to Mexico .	8	Finite
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language .	11	Nonfinite
I have nothing bad to say .	1	Finite
She never looked back at me — poverty and failure and political disrepute being all , these days , contagious and synonymous .	2	Finite
Is there anyone else we should tell ?	0	Finite
Jana made me feel very comfortable .	1	Finite
( Two people in a cabin will spend more onboard , so cruise lines charge you more to sail alone .	18	Nonfinite
Just remember to make sure the mother is properly caring for the baby .	1	Finite
Business Case : If we offered Dean 55 k or 60 k it would still constitute a over a $ 10,000 increase ( approximately 25 % ) and taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory at the specialist level .	5	Finite
The Superdome stadium is without power , and toilets are overflowing .	3	Finite
I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once , you ca n't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .	15	Finite
We have had the cat for 10 years and do nt want to leave it .	1	Finite
But today , unable to see the end of war , he has lost the sensation of being borne upon any such wave .	13	Finite
I would highly recommend NDI - and will spread the word to my neighbors .	3	Nonfinite
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	2	Finite
Traders over here seem to have a lot more respect for other humans .	3	Finite
Find him before he finds the dog food .	0	Finite
Somewhere in between his rudeness he asked if we smoked .	6	Finite
It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms , a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war .	12	Finite
I think we should try to migrate to one of these .	1	Finite
Export the data schema using XML Schema standard ( XSD ) .	0	Finite
A storm yesterday caused a crane to fall into Mecca 's Grand Mosque , killing 107 or more and wounding 238 , according to Saudi Arabia 's Civil Defense Authority .	3	Finite
As Rogers notes , " Balzac was interested in any social , political , or economic theory , whether from the right or the left .	2	Finite
I decided it was time to grow up and made an appointment .	3	Finite
Attached is the letter I originally sent to you on May 10 in this regard .	1	Finite
Of course , the potential of educated , empowered women to drive sustained economic growth is not limited to South Korea .	15	Finite
Let me know what 's happening as soon as you can , love from Hermione .	10	Finite
It seems perfectly possible to me that he dictated the story to someone else – namely , to the barber and the priest , Don Quixote 's good friends .	8	Finite
I have been a patient a NW hospital and it was great .	1	Finite
Anyone who 's stayed on is a fool if he has n't thought about that , said Bray .	5	Finite
and it seems this is the FIRST site of ragnarok 2 hahaha since the site is new send me your suggestions and comments	2	Finite
you will need to give him only a small place to explore , so he can make it his territory , and feel safe there .	11	Nonfinite
A few more years may pass before everybody acknowledges that it is a World War , but we are already well into it .	5	Nonfinite
Thus far , none of the many " human rights " busybodies across the world have bothered to even notice such a development .	15	Finite
Blooming onion , the only reason to visit this restaurant .	7	Nonfinite
From the moment you enter the restaurant , you know you are some place special .	9	Finite
Whatever your political persuasion , the FBI and CIA deserve our support .	9	Finite
Power be where power lies .	1	Nonfinite
West Oakland was once a burgeoning working-class neighborhood with its roots tracing as far back as the opening decades of the 19th century .	2	Finite
Let s get together soon .	2	Nonfinite
Indeed , they do n't understand what kind of good service private schools held " ( ( it ) ) .	3	Finite
I like that something will be a bit of secret , or even unreliable narrator : someone tells something and first you trust him but then you read more and you become thrilled by everything .	1	Finite
There is a link to the contest page .	1	Finite
So it changes , so one year we got to be in the Press , but they have now stopped adult ads .	10	Nonfinite
He says : I not know that town , I have to get to work , I 'm in PHILLY .	1	Finite
Rhodesians and South Africans , said Le Monde , were toasting the Israelis in champagne .	9	Finite
Get there and there was nothing .	4	Finite
giving the new kitten her own small territory will help her to feel safe and will give her a place to go to when scared .	15	Finite
A different layout lets you calculate and compare summarized values for different elements in your data , or display summaries for a subset of the data .	18	Finite
Even if you do not have a cat , you can use used kitty litter to deter mice .	10	Finite
The high altitude serves to cool the climate , which would otherwise be very hot .	3	Finite
Is there any other way to communicate or do your friends only understand text .	12	Nonfinite
This is one of the worst places I have stayed , we cut out stay short and went to the Mulberry .	17	Finite
After all , in a world of solid farmers , useful craftsmen , dissolute aristocrats , and flunkies , demand for manufactured items and flunkies was limited by how much of each aristocrats could use .	33	Finite
He had told me that he found indescribable delight in reading dictionaries for lack of other books .	1	Finite
I began to distinguish the gleam of eyes under the trees .	1	Finite
My concern is that between now and then Dunn , the AG have the time and resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief , which could be detrimental to generators / marketers ' claims .	18	Nonfinite
Nor did she realize that he wrote popular literature which aimed to please the general public and in no way wished to be associated with serious literature .	20	Finite
You must be a Jew , we are speaking Yiddish .	2	Nonfinite
Hope all is well .	0	Finite
But they have n't been up to anything extraordinary as far as I can see in recent weeks .	13	Finite
Also we do not address calculation of a termination payment in the event of a change in law as the long form does -- again , more in the interest of " saving space " than anything else ...	2	Finite
This was the coup de grâce and encouragement the settlers needed to get their independence .	10	Finite
I am 21 , so yeah we were both kids when we knew each other !	12	Finite
Then the need to be mature , that is , old enough , and big enough to breed .	4	Nonfinite
I do not think the prior e-mail got through to Kay .	1	Finite
He walked a hundred yards or so up the road , and , meeting a man on a bicycle , greeted him in the language that had come back to him as he lay in the room .	33	Finite
Abbas , a refugee himself from what is today the northern Israeli city of Safed , called the refugee issue " very important and very dangerous . "	16	Finite
But I did find this website , www.igourmet.com , where they sell all types of sausages , including blood sausages !	11	Finite
Production of the smartphone model was completely discontinued .	5	Finite
Aspiring derivatives traders certainly will be more confident of their career prospects .	4	Finite
Then we assign a headline to a specific writer to execute .	10	Nonfinite
It s important to their religion that they only consume Halal food .	9	Finite
His plays have been translated into every major living language and are performed more often than those of any other playwright .	2	Finite
The winters are considered to be very mild .	5	Nonfinite
If you select controls of different types , Microsoft Access displays only the properties that are shared by the group in the property sheet .	2	Finite
Pardon my questions , but you are the first Englishman coming under my observation ... .	0	Finite
I will never go back to this place and I am reporting them to the better business bureau for such horrible customer relations and basically sabotaging my pizza and taking my $ 25 .	3	Nonfinite
She has also been charged with trying to kill her two - year - old daughter .	1	Finite
Quinn would go there and talk to him face to face .	1	Finite
It shall submit a draft of the protocols for conclusion to the Council .	2	Nonfinite
It was Joseph Goebbels who said that if you repeat a lie often enough , people will believe it .	1	Finite
You may find a normal budget hotel for Rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned , the links below may help you to find good hotels in Delhi and Agra .	22	Nonfinite
I recently took a rescue puppy to this Clinic and I was SHOCKED at how well Romeo and My family was treated .	11	Finite
By September of that year the Dow had tumbled to 744 .	7	Finite
An XML schema file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document , providing a series of element names , as well as which elements are allowed in the document and in what combinations .	4	Finite
What about the golden handshake – would n't it be cheaper , in the end ?	6	Finite
( b ) Is it right that Enron has 3 sets of bad faith proceedings in Texas ?	8	Finite
Whatever you strive to do , something always seems to be holding you back .	4	Nonfinite
There he rented rooms from a French Huguenot named Christopher Mountjoy , a maker of ladies ' wigs and other headgear .	2	Finite
Fort Lee is a small town but is piled high with apartment buildings .	2	Finite
I will be happy if they can serve when food is piping hot .	2	Nonfinite
I sent a graphic that would have been distorted if printed as it was .	13	Finite
At the baggage carousel I see my youthful Hasid again and we take a final look at each other .	5	Finite
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .	15	Finite
They might be imprisoned or executed	2	Nonfinite
Unfortunately Debbie and I will not be able to attend due to previous committments .	9	Nonfinite
These grew spontaneously one out of the other , and once you had been present at the first , you got handed on to all the others .	1	Finite
This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically upon any breach by You of the terms of this License .	7	Finite
Tires were the right price and now the car feels like it is riding on rails around turns .	9	Finite
Otherwise , I will be sending it to Peoples as our final revision by mid morning .	4	Nonfinite
To encourage participation , the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development ( EBRD ) could invest in companies alongside foreign and local investors , as it did in Central Europe .	15	Nonfinite
We must accept that .	2	Nonfinite
I would like to draw people 's attention to Amendments Nos 1 and 2 which were agreed by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs but not accepted by the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .	1	Finite
But , the newly established Republic of China considered Mongolia to be part of its own territory .	11	Nonfinite
Some times , the airline provides these at the airport , however check first that this is the case .	12	Nonfinite
Afterwards I took it back when it was borne in upon me startlingly with what extreme nicety he had estimated the time requisite for the ' affair . '	7	Finite
Continue two blocks to Hubbard and take another right .	6	Finite
yes do not hold any animal s mouth shut it wil close their air way , he s just a kitty and they are very rambunctious , get him toys .	3	Finite
Stardust is a NASA space capsule that collected samples from comet 81P/Wild ( also known as " Wild 2 ) in deep space and landed back on Earth on January 15 , 2006 .	1	Finite
The employees do n't really seem to enjoy what they are doing and it shows .	5	Nonfinite
You know that your hostess has lost a son ; that her sister lost children in the 1973 war ;	5	Finite
Aunt Petunia burst into tears and hugged her son , while Harry ducked under the table so they would n't see him laughing .	18	Finite
Glad I called before I arrived with my box to ship .	2	Finite
I have a few questions , first I want to start a sump filter , but I have no idea on how the water intake and water return would work .	1	Finite
Would it be possible , he wondered , to stand up before the world and with the utmost conviction spew out lies and nonsense ?	6	Finite
The Bad : I was at Napa recently and was unpleasantly surprised at poor waiter svce and subpar food .	9	Finite
They will be there by noon on the 20th , and the surgery will last 1.5 hours and then they 'll watch him for 2 more hours before they put him into ICU .	13	Finite
I ca n't imagine them not being able to meet the Feb 05 deadline .	1	Finite
The government 's Flag Consideration Project has planned a number of conferences and roadshows as part of this process , with the first meeting set to take place in Christchurch on May 16 .	26	Nonfinite
At this point , our IT contacts are backpedalling a bit and suggesting they can overcome the TIBCO and Terminal Server problems .	14	Finite
Among the animals that were available to touch were pony's , camels and EVEN AN OSTRICH !!!	8	Finite
I was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that I have had in my life .	1	Finite
Where there had been only one beaver colony in the park 's northern range before the wolves returned , now there are nine .	17	Finite
Have patience with him , you just got him and who knows how he was treated before you brought him home .	14	Finite
Recent years are seeing a revival , and trendy hotels , bars , shops and restaurants are making it a place to be again .	16	Finite
Shiu Ka-chun of the Social Welfare constituency defeated their opponents , hence the pan-democrats ' seats in the functional constituencies increased from 9 to 10 .	20	Finite
Then I nearly fell into a very narrow ravine , almost no more than a scar in the hillside .	3	Finite
The broker called back shortly after I spoke to you to let me know that the kestrel air park building and the strip center at fm78 & walzem had both sold .	2	Finite
You can export just the schema ( data structure ) of a table , query , datasheet , form , or report to an XML schema file .	21	Nonfinite
Of course Bush would have tried to stop 9/11 if he had known it was coming .	4	Nonfinite
There is also the Desert Rose ( adenium obesium ) which looks like a blooming elephant leg .	11	Finite
He says : I not know that town , I have to get to work , I 'm in PHILLY .	5	Finite
i have a Mature male and female they are together a lot but never laid eggs as far as i know can anyone help me figure out how to make them mate	1	Finite
( 14 ) As a general principle , the energy consumption of EUPs in stand-by or off - mode should be reduced to the minimum necessary for their proper functioning .	19	Finite
he tried to keep his eyes open but the whirl of green flames made him feel sick	13	Finite
Olympus X - 940 14 Megapixel Digital Camera has filters and can do all sorts of special effects .	8	Finite
Space Shuttle Endeavour , which will launch on STS-134 at the end of the month on April 29 , will be sent to the California Science Center in Los Angeles , California following its retirement .	5	Finite
It would be appreciated if you could advice me on this matter .	6	Finite
The Settlement date shall be the date ( s ) set forth in the Product description on the Website .	3	Finite
Microsoft Access provides ways to both import and export XML data as well as transform the data to and from other formats using XML related files .	14	Nonfinite
When you select one or more items in the filter field , the data that 's displayed and calculated in the entire PivotTable view changes to reflect those items .	2	Finite
Abbas also pledged to resolve the problem of millions of Palestinian refugees and their descendants .	2	Finite
So ultimately I decided that eHow 's model would not build the resource I envisioned .	8	Finite
They also do n't tell you that they 're going to mail you an " application " to be admitted to be a patient .	18	Nonfinite
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of May 1 .	1	Finite
UCAN 's executive director and the attorney team will be available to answer questions about the complaint .	12	Nonfinite
In Iraqi society , PM Allawi is responsible for protecting his clan , including especially his first cousins , so this kidnapping makes him look weak and brings substantial shame on him .	27	Finite
He reports that the Iraqi Islamic Party , which had earlier been absolutely committed to getting out the Sunni vote , is now wavering and saying their position will depend on the situation .	29	Nonfinite
That would be preferable but it does n't matter , could be something similar	10	Finite
For example , did you know that George Bush spent considerably more time in uniform than John Kerry ?	9	Finite
Everyone was friendly from the receptionist to the surgeon herself , putting me at my ease and explaining the whole process , both initially and then as we went along .	1	Finite
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	18	Finite
Thought since I will be in Houston , stop by your office for few minutes .	8	Nonfinite
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of May 1 .	8	Nonfinite
Dudley , who was so large his bottom drooped over either side of the kitchen chair , grinned and turned to Harry .	17	Finite
One reader pointed out that the President watched the Americans in the embassy when they took them hostage .	2	Finite
I need to have a form filled out that says I do n't have health insurance coverage through Enron .	13	Nonfinite
He had not called me Muscles or put his hand on my head for a long time .	1	Finite
One thought is to have just the agenda as a couple topics and then lead in with the first two questions as I 've listed .	23	Finite
People were encouraged to submit their designs online at www.flag.govt.nz and suggest what the flag should mean on www.standfor.co.nz .	16	Nonfinite
It set the basis for integration where the economic and judicial mechanisms of the state could be applied throughout the Mediterranean as was once done from Latium into all Italy .	15	Finite
Beside these two buses , there is no public transport , but car rental with driver is available .	16	Finite
Only Caucasians had any political power , corporate presence or owned businesses except for Mom and Pop stores in some neighborhoods .	10	Finite
They would have no problem teaching a hegemonic superpower a lesson if the need arose . "	1	Finite
They even want to go to school on the weekends !!	2	Finite
And frankly , I face a big obstacle .	4	Finite
Owing to its history , Łódź has an impressive collection of residential , commercial and industrial 19th-century architecture including some of Europe 's largest factory buildings , now mostly repurposed as shopping centres or lofts .	6	Finite
If You create a Derivative Work , upon notice from any Licensor You must , to the extent practicable , remove from the Derivative Work any reference to such Licensor or the Original Author , as requested .	13	Finite
They felt like they were going to fall off of me and it was very difficult to see what I would actually look like were I to purchase some of these dresses .	13	Finite
This article will show you how to save time and prevent wear , extending the life of your overalls until they are so soft you could wear them to bed .	7	Nonfinite
His preferred method was to eat a light meal at five or six in the afternoon , then sleep until midnight .	5	Nonfinite
Does 5 make a chain ?	0	Finite
Every thing here is good .	3	Finite
We never had to worry about a thing , and they led the way the whole time .	4	Nonfinite
They went into the Sputnik Bar for a moment , meeting music like a buffeting about the head , and then someone said that he thought the arrangement had been to meet at the railway crossing .	31	Nonfinite
They began to withhold power from California , and on Dec. 7 the ISO declared its first Stage 3 emergency and braced for blackouts , which were narrowly averted .	26	Finite
Is good or bad ?	0	Finite
You can only import a single document at a time into Access .	1	Finite
Harry and Hermione looked around : sprinting up the crowded street were Ron , Fred , George , Percy and Mr Weasley .	3	Finite
Upon receipt , I shall forward to each of you a copy of the reviews for your respective associate .	4	Finite
This man had verily accomplished something .	2	Finite
Sorry I have n't written you guys in a while to keep you properly updated .	11	Nonfinite
You need a lot of money for hotels , airfare , seeing the sites , food , local transport - you name it but life costs .	21	Finite
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch .	23	Finite
Amnesty chief spokesman Mike Blakemore said : " It 's unbelievable that no one can account for 200,000 assault rifles .	9	Finite
On a recent event quote that I had done , they came in thousands of dollars over their local competition .	7	Finite
Due to the Judge in the 1983 case ruling that a CIA agent could not testify using a pseudonym , therefore opening him to cross-examination by Wilson , the prosecution had a problem .	13	Finite
Not to submit to what societies and governments consider to be important .	8	Finite
Any major dischord and we all suffer .	6	Finite
Emergency teams in the southern US are battling to reach survivors of Hurricane Katrina , the most destructive storm to hit the country in decades .	20	Nonfinite
Where do we vote ?	3	Nonfinite
Auster looked the check over carefully and nodded .	1	Finite
i am sure i could have persuaded you to give me some action .	1	Finite
Why do I raise the matter ?	3	Nonfinite
The one guy who was there , I 'm guessing was the owner , was probably the least helpful person I 've ever met .	21	Finite
Cinnamon basil really does smell like the sweet spice , and it also has unusually beautiful and fragrant flowers .	4	Nonfinite
The high altitude serves to cool the climate , which would otherwise be very hot .	12	Nonfinite
The poor quality starts at the receptionist desk , where the staff is very impatient and lack the efficiency I once loved about the office .	3	Finite
The reason for it is because people were fighting for our land , either defending it or extending it , because that was the main source .	7	Finite
When he tried to call again , he could no longer get a dial tone .	4	Nonfinite
But what their contented little minds will never know is that I knew it when I took the job , I knew it all along , and I 'll say it now as loud as I 'd say it then ...	16	Finite
Try googling it or type it into youtube you might get lucky .	10	Nonfinite
0 - Number of principal civilian or Pentagon staff members who planned the war who have immediate family members serving in uniform in Iraq .	11	Finite
The passionate beginning , the long openness and understanding between them should have meant that she would know what he wanted .	13	Finite
All this is highly unlikely , as with most al - Qaeda crackpot schemes .	2	Finite
Harry also had a good comment --- do n't specify the amount of rate increase in our comments ; rather note that the rate increase needs to be well - reasoned and based on facts and evidence .	2	Finite
. . . Murph Archibald is Red Blount 's nephew by marriage , and in 1972 , he was coming off a 15 - month tour in Vietnam in the infantry .	18	Finite
But your cat is passing a LOT of urine , and this is bad .	12	Finite
Rodents require special bedding in their cages to absorb their waste , and this needs to be cleaned regularly , or your hamster could suffer from problems due the buildup of ammonia from his urine .	14	Finite
New Zealand 's Prime Minister John Key said he believes redesigning the flag now has a " strong rationale " .	7	Finite
that 's fine , i do n't want to see you either , i just need to make a cd .	1	Finite
One of the most famous plants is the dragon 's blood tree “ dracaena cinnabara ” which exists only on Socotra and nowhere else on the Earth .	17	Finite
Rumor also had it some renegade biologist brought a caged pair to Yellowstone and released them into the wild sometime in the 1970s , hoping to reestablish a breeding population .	14	Finite
It is a political process and I have decided not to be present , so it was said .	16	Finite
The new NCL Epic does sound amazing , although I have n't sailed on her yet .	4	Finite
If you 'd like to , you can add this email address to your existing Facebook account to ensure that you won't get Facebook invites sent to you in the future .	8	Nonfinite
Yvan , and Ben , please provide answers to these question via written correspondence so that their is limited probability of misunderstanding .	17	Finite
I really enjoyed the staff at Wessex , also the manager Sherri was always very nice and helpful .	12	Finite
Why did you choose to study mathematics ?	1	Finite
i would n't bother with yoga i 'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem , ride bareback , with no irons , there s also a way to ride on your knees ?	8	Nonfinite
It was Mr. Bush 's job to organize the Republican county chairpersons in the 67 Alabama counties .	1	Finite
Surprise with the punchline .	0	Nonfinite
Quinn had never seen anyone move in such a manner , and he realized at once that this was the same person he had spoken to on the phone .	23	Finite
For instance , if the person has a band-related username , you might say : " Hey , cool name . Did you see those guys when they last came to town ? "	6	Finite
some parents would not eat there fish till a certain age jack dempsey for example would not eat there offspring till they mature but i would move the baby fish into a smaller tank and feed them flakes	2	Finite
To prove that he was not a self-obsessed ingrate , he began to question Auster about his writing .	11	Finite
John Donovan from Argghhh! has put out a excellent slide show on what was actually found and fought for in Fallujah .	4	Finite
Overall , 2005 is sure to be a year you wo n't forget .	6	Nonfinite
The town 's death toll may be " in the hundreds " , municipal spokesman Vincent Creel said .	17	Finite
Great for the kiddies - they love the labyrinth ( do n't forget to tell 'em it s really a ' pagen ' thing ! ) .	6	Finite
Although the region is small , it is characterized by unique land and marine biodiversity .	3	Finite
Could be I give so many talks I ca n’t remember .	8	Finite
Enron needs to use this situation to quickly get our viewpoints up into the PUCT and ERCOT ISO on what is driving these problems and our proposed fixes .	3	Nonfinite
Another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time , meaning users can not retrieve them and read them later ( as they can with e-mail ) .	4	Finite
He was a thin man , going bald , but the little hair he had was as red as any of his children 's .	15	Finite
After you have had the chance to review the attached , please send me a marked - up draft and we can discuss our concerns from there .	12	Nonfinite
I aspire to your feeding regime , flakes early and something live later in the day .	1	Finite
Since they released kinect this was kind of their way of releasing a new Xbox so they do n't plan on making another one for a while .	5	Finite
If you keep the cage clean they do n't smell and you can buy spray on cleaser for them , just massage it into their coat and groom them .	12	Finite
We outsiders are not stable enough to appreciate them .	7	Nonfinite
On Friday , fishermen rescued over 700 asylum seekers whose boat sank , and the Indonesian Navy reportedly saved 200 more after they were found swimming along the coast of Aceh , Indonesia .	18	Finite
It was n't until he gave up and walked out the door that someone asked Can I help you .	5	Finite
Arrogance and smugness is often a reflection of limited life experience , and feeling concerned that those with greater life experience " have got something over them " .	3	Finite
Enough of those , in a highly contested area , will lead to chaos election day .	10	Finite
“ What do you think was the main reason for these experiences ? ”	5	Finite
If you do n't want to retain your filter selections , make sure the AutoFilter button is not selected before you start selecting items to filter .	2	Finite
I know saltwater is a possibility , can you give me a possible stocking option for that too ?	9	Nonfinite
Access will create a backup copy of the page ( pagefilename.bak.htm ) at the same location as the original data access page file .	2	Nonfinite
All I say is , it works .	3	Finite
If you are familiar with Microsoft Excel PivotTable reports and want to work with the data in Excel , there are two ways to accomplish this .	10	Finite
Use a funnel to make everything safe and easy .	0	Nonfinite
7 . Delete the definition of Costs as it is already defined in Section 6.2.1 .	9	Finite
We do n't want a knot in your tongue after speaking to your friends .	1	Finite
The air of the bar was acrid with triumph .	5	Finite
You do not need to call the embassies to get professional advice .	1	Finite
Started in AD 842 , this is the first Islamic building to adopt the four-courtyard layout of Sassanid palaces .	6	Finite
It also helps to mask the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning .	12	Finite
If we are to get a common transport market genuinely up and running , it is important that we should not only have regulations but that these regulations should also , as far as possible , apply to every country .	22	Nonfinite
No one employs people from Hartpury because of what they received on work experience .	2	Finite
Every move Google makes brings this particular future closer .	4	Finite
But this is what he says about civet cats :	2	Finite
We have tried many different computer people until now - we will stick with Qualitech Computers !!!	1	Finite
I look at some of these other comments & laugh because people think that the world revolves around them !	16	Finite
CC makes things more complex .	1	Finite
He was released on US$ 20,000 bail on Thursday .	1	Finite
You 'll note we offer a couple of versions of some books .	2	Nonfinite
Wed. Sept. 20 - Leave Houston around 6:00 pm	4	Nonfinite
Your appliances are also murder on the straps , which are almost always the first things to wear out on your overalls .	17	Nonfinite
With the development of artificial twines the sisal boom ended , and Mérida slowed to a more sleepy provincial capital until development picked back up in the late 20th century .	9	Finite
If you could define a place that will remind you of your visit to the Chathams , then this very special place will be at the top of your list .	22	Finite
Rather , says one of the prelates , he would stay in Rome and become Party secretary .	10	Nonfinite
Ideally the quaffle and bludgers should be slightly deflated so that they are easier to throw and catch .	17	Nonfinite
The history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it not only speaks to Bush 's character as an addictive personality , but may tell us something about his erratic and alarming actions as president .	9	Finite
Shakespeare divided his time between London and Stratford during his career .	1	Finite
In the end , they are actually successful .	5	Finite
Please address , and I 'll check with Legal as well .	1	Finite
I shopped it around and they were extremely competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my tires which should extend the life and get me better gas mileage .	1	Finite
So far what they have done together has been good for us and that ’s how we would like to keep it ’’ , says Karzai .	4	Finite
All are equal before the law and are entitled without any discrimination to equal protection of the law .	1	Finite
He will be in Calgary in a couple of weeks and will interview you then .	1	Finite
While we ca n't make any promises , we will do our best to bring in at least some of these special guests .	4	Nonfinite
I want to use this opportunity to welcome Brian Ryner to Google !	1	Finite
Not so , Kids are what kids are and will do what they do .	7	Finite
Make sure the temperature is good .	0	Finite
I do n't know about birding in that part of the world but you might possibly find help at this site : http://www.wildlifeofpakistan.com/PakistanBirdClub/index.html	16	Nonfinite
If you do add all the entities , does that mean that we would not need to put in place a separate agreement for ECCL ?	15	Nonfinite
The term of office of one of the Judges of the Court of Justice appointed in accordance with paragraph 1 shall expire on 6 October 2009 .	21	Nonfinite
Alejandra González Anaya , one of the parade 's creative directors , explained to CNN why Mexico have decided now is the time to put on such a show .	20	Finite
Glandular secretions will become regulated .	3	Nonfinite
Take care and hope to hear from you soon .	3	Finite
He knows what he wants .	4	Finite
I am not sure from the article as written that the global nature of this effort comes across .	1	Finite
“ Do n’t you quote the founders at me , ” Derya snaps .	12	Finite
For anyone who wants to see the capital in all its glory , November 's a great time to go .	19	Nonfinite
He told the BBC ’s Andrew Marr Show : “ A general election is frankly the last thing that the Government wants . ”	1	Finite
Scientology defector arrested after attempting to leave organization	6	Nonfinite
The company gets busy but you never have to wait long because they ARE orginizied , so you are in , out , and paid well for your scrap	7	Finite
The American novelist Herman Melville 's soliloquies owe much to Shakespeare ;	7	Finite
I have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35 % more light / heat and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well - being of him .	22	Finite
Go to Jeju island !	0	Finite
Orr is not relaxing , it 's not a safe space , and the owner is awful .	1	Finite
With Bush , the aggressive militarism of the Bush administration , as predicted , induced Russia to extend further its offensive military capacity ; it ’s still going on right now .	14	Finite
What do french men find sexy ?	1	Finite
Fluff with a fork and serve .	0	Nonfinite
I would have had to because with the economy the way it is i ai nt haves much monies fo repairs round the House ....	1	Finite
She said , There 're bulbs like you see in films round the star 's dressing-table , and they light up and spell INDEPENDENCE HURRAH .	1	Finite
The poor quality starts at the receptionist desk , where the staff is very impatient and lack the efficiency I once loved about the office .	12	Finite
We started it basically , because I wanted to - I wanted to work with Isabel on a lot of projects that we had going on together .	23	Finite
We prefer the layout of rooms and it is always clean .	1	Finite
If anyone would like to be conferenced in or attend in person , please let me know .	5	Nonfinite
If elected governor , how will you be able to implement your agenda while dealing with a hostile legislature ?	10	Nonfinite
There 's no need to cover them , unless you want to use netting to keep the birds off .	5	Nonfinite
Well , not much I can say except I 'm very disappointed with this experience .	9	Finite
If you have received this email in error please notify the sender .	9	Finite
I do n't hang around with people like that .	3	Nonfinite
At present , there are no plans for additional meetings with foreign powers to discuss the Bush exploration initiative or to extend an invitation to China to join the space station partnership , Beutel said .	21	Nonfinite
I 'm assuming this was in reference to the January earthquake , do n't worry , it was very deep , so nothing was effected :)	12	Nonfinite
Chicken saltimboca was excellent and then there 's the chocolate mousse that comes straight from heaven .	7	Finite
If you 're looking for homestyle Japanese food , you ca n't beat this	2	Finite
If you graduated you were assigned a fighter , if you were not quite fighter pilot material you had no response to fly another aircraft , you were washed out .	18	Finite
If you carry out the Save As command after making changes to the object 's formatting , but before saving your changes , the current formatting – not the saved formatting – will be used to create the page .	33	Nonfinite
He should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark - skinned foreigners want extradited , CIA operative Michael Meiring .	2	Nonfinite
Imagine a hotel having problems with people .	0	Finite
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great atmosphere , amazing food , and great customer service !	1	Finite
he wo nt even try to bite .	6	Nonfinite
However , if you use a particular logo for the on - line service , that should be registered .	17	Nonfinite
In my opinion , we should show CRRA a copy of the LOI with the assumption that the Development Agreement is attached .	5	Finite
It was difficult to realize his work was not out there in the luminous estuary , but behind him , within the brooding gloom .	7	Finite
We must not content ourselves with sealing another hole in the safety net and shutting our eyes to the fact that , where transport safety in Europe is concerned , there is still much more to be done .	36	Finite
I urge all St. Thomas the Apostle parishioners and all of South Florida residents to come see Gus !!!	1	Finite
he says : Why you tell me you r in WARWICK TOWNSHIP ?	5	Finite
You 'll notice that if you leave the flowers , the plant will become lanky and the leaves wo n't be as full or tasty .	18	Finite
You would think they were praying to it .	2	Nonfinite
No business is going to push customers away without good reason ; so is n't it reasonable to think they might know what they 're doing ?	20	Finite
But if you want to murder by suicide , you do not have to board a plane in order to explode yourself and kill many people .	23	Nonfinite
lol They where super friendly towards us and treated us like people not walking bags of cash .	8	Finite
Let me know if you have any questions .	5	Finite
According to a couple sources , the world record for the oldest cat was a cat in Devon , England who reportedly live to the age of 36 .	13	Finite
I have since purchased two cars from this dealership , The first one was from Phillip and the second was from Richard .	13	Finite
No cards , no presents , and he would be spending the evening pretending not to exist .	16	Nonfinite
Spread out quinoa evenly and cover baking dish completely with aluminum foil .	0	Nonfinite
He has also had to pay the £ 15 each up front so woul d be grateful if you could get the cash to him as soon as poss ible .	15	Nonfinite
Because the 10.000.000 people dying from malaria will otherwise be dead .	9	Nonfinite
Yes , he too would have liked to have this wife and this child , to sit around all day spouting drivel about old books , to be surrounded by yoyos and ham omelettes and fountain pens .	27	Nonfinite
It would certainly be counterproductive to make an offer , as some have already tried , when the Russians want nothing to do with it .	12	Finite
i am in portland .	1	Finite
your dress should be unambiguously modest and cover your entire torso and most of your limbs .	7	Nonfinite
i mean a 2 day stay was a ok stay even tho the manager looked like he was chineze and that we only slept and went out from 8 to 7 to see New York .	25	Finite
What your morning paper did not tell you , however , was that the CIA seized a similar disc from Ayman Zawahiri 's right - hand , Ahmed Salama Mabruk , 5 years earlier .	4	Finite
http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemID=1361&itemType=PRODUCT&path=1%2C3%2C477&iProductID=1361 If anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird .	16	Nonfinite
50 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 15 October 2003 .	11	Finite
As a parent , I can well imagine how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning .	5	Finite
Even if the majority of situations that arise in the workplace can be resolved without conflict .	7	Finite
I asked myself sometimes what it all meant .	1	Finite
A Health Care Proxy is not written in stone and can be changed .	4	Finite
This time he claimed to have fought the battle without even bothering to put on his corslet until two hours after the fighting began .	5	Nonfinite
I read you were coming back , there was an article in the paper , my wife Margot sent it to me in Switzerland , so I thought it was you .	8	Finite
They 've always been timely and inexpensive .	1	Finite
Which is why he did n't say we 're at war with Islamic people .	6	Nonfinite
Will they take it as an opportunity to educate viewers about disability and diversity while showing superb athletic performances without engaging in a discourse of pity ?	0	Finite
Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg tweeted to Mohamed and said the boy was welcome to come and tour the company .	14	Nonfinite
the weather is going to be fine , hector was just blowing smoke .	9	Finite
He 's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he 's been in town for awhile .	9	Finite
I really do belive he left the nail out becuse of the horse s Hoof condition and It s a added bonus he would get to see her again	2	Finite
The outer circle can not be eliminated by force .	5	Nonfinite
Legislative measures may be needed where market forces fail to evolve in the right direction or at an acceptable speed .	8	Finite
Thank you , Mr Kinnock .	0	Finite
Are the adherent of ' Crowleyan Thelema ' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect ' energy ? '	20	Nonfinite
This e-mail is sent by a law firm and contains information that may be privileged and confidential .	12	Finite
You can check that out as well , to confirm that this is all real , and for a worthy cause .	9	Nonfinite
They may not respond right away and they may fight so ther smaller one can fit in one of hide spaces if it gets attacked .	23	Finite
I have seen horses Loose Nails On there Own And do just fine with ONE nail gone Now if he had left out 2 or 3 I would be wondering to ...	1	Finite
I looked at my father but he did n’t turn his head .	7	Finite
But I still wanted to push against his hand and put my hand in his pocket and steal the leather palmed glove , that secret animal .	5	Nonfinite
I am amazed how the details get fuzzy on an old project .	6	Finite
A great way to be mischievous in an elevator is to carry on a running commentary while you look at yourself in the mirror .	18	Finite
Talk about a beat - your - head - against - the - wall moment !	0	Finite
Five minutes before my initial lesson , I got a call from Gerry advising me of his arrival and to come down as soon as I was ready .	26	Finite
The puppets used were picked specifically for this task with careful attention to their appearance .	3	Finite
If the PX comes back again , I will call their in - house attys .	3	Finite
I 'm sure it 's terribly good , keeps the mind flexible .	1	Finite
In regards to death metal , the problem is , once again , a question of education , history and the vacuous lack of perspective in American culture .	8	Finite
The main reason I wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust .	22	Nonfinite
Musk , which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive , makes the scent of perfume last a bit longer after each application .	16	Finite
Starting in February , you will be able to export the data , as opposed to using the spreadsheets .	6	Nonfinite
I do hold a HHa certificate in the state of NY but I looking to move to Delaware anyone know how I can get certified in delaware ?	23	Nonfinite
It 's difficult to do anything with that place now ;	1	Finite
The debate is closed .	2	Finite
Also , as I mentioned to you , we have faxed your mark - up to Melanie Gray at Weil Gotschal in Houston to keep her informed .	24	Nonfinite
The fellow was carrying papers from Zawahiri and bragging about his ability to manipulate anthrax .	2	Finite
If you have to wait , due to financial reasons , then wait .	2	Finite
" Luckily , someone in Sony Australia was like , ' Hey , by the way , did you guys notice this ? ' " says Pall .	25	Finite
Some of that time was just lost time -	4	Finite
Beware of the nail program you are not taught to use a nail drill AT ALL you learn the old fashioned way of doing nails you will not be able to do well in a salon !!!	31	Nonfinite
if everything is filtered , and you still have this problem - try changing the filter - if it is still there , try doubling up on the filters ...	23	Finite
I have a dwarf hamster who HATES his wheel and does n't use it -	10	Finite
That means expense , space , and they require weekly cage cleaning .	1	Finite
The goal is for him to move on with his life and for us to move on as well .	15	Nonfinite
or were they actually fighting ?	1	Finite
This is however a very busy shop but there are appointments available & the staff up front will surely make sure you get back in a timely manner .	17	Finite
We had a great stay , your service was excellent and we will use you again !	12	Finite
It resurfaced painfully later when - as a renowned and busy author - he traveled to Sardinia in the hopes of reprocessing the slag from the Roman mines in that country .	14	Finite
Stardust @ home is a highly distributed project using a " Virtual Microscope " that is written in html and javascript and runs on most browsers — no downloads are required .	15	Finite
The L.I.T is so close to Moyross , yet again the ppl who talk sh*t about Moyross still go there .	13	Finite
" Loving " opens with Richard and Mildred already a couple , eliding over a courtship that would have been interesting to see , if only in brief .	22	Nonfinite
Finally , we ask that the Commission ensures that Structural Fund monies are spent in a way which is transparent .	7	Finite
There is nothing phony , however , about the efforts we Ukrainians are now making to defend our country and our democracy .	16	Nonfinite
Remain calm and confident , and love is very likely to flourish in 2005 .	7	Finite
If Abbas does not change his former thinking and continues the path of Yasser Arafat , then there will not be peace in the Holy Land and the Palestinians will ultimately suffer .	18	Finite
If al - Qaeda can kill Musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by Islamist junior officers , they can hope to catapult the MMA to power as political allies and hosts .	23	Nonfinite
The Lawyer – the best of old fellows – had , because of his many years and many virtues , the only cushion on deck , and was lying on the only rug .	9	Finite
Really enjoyed it .	1	Finite
Today I went into Kwik Kar and there were two cars in front of me for inspection ... but I was still out of there pretty quick ... barely had time to read a chapter in my book .	20	Finite
I would say if he does not call you back by friday call him again he could be playing hard to get ?	17	Nonfinite
The two institutes were later joined by the Leiden University Libraries .	3	Finite
I will NEVER do business with Sun Toyota again .	3	Nonfinite
They 're going to talk about their kids , they 're going to talk about football , they 're going to talk about the weather .	13	Nonfinite
This tax is not well publicized but it is essential to remember it .	8	Finite
I concur that Ba'athists and former security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out of 18 governorates , along with the capital , if Americans are to be removed from the picture entirely .	30	Nonfinite
If you have any questions , please request clarification prior to rating the answer .	2	Finite
That is why I want to highlight some of the issues that I believe the Commission must have at the forefront .	13	Finite
This e-mail is never sent unsolicited .	2	Finite
I want you to have it .	4	Nonfinite
Susan Scott would like authorization to order an Aeron chair for each of her offices - on 47 and 41 .	3	Nonfinite
Add aquasafe with the water you put in it .	6	Finite
Being a grocery shop , maintaining 5000 different products was a challenging job .	9	Finite
This would be necessary to keep safety standards at the level they were in northern regions previously .	12	Finite
There was a violent scuffling noise , the peony bush shuddered and Ron straightened up .	10	Finite
The Obama administration proposed to tie IMF reform to the presumably imminent approval by Congress of funding for Ukraine .	3	Finite
If you prefer larger cupcakes , then add a half a cup but make sure the muffin pan is larger and the cupcake holders are bigger .	18	Finite
Egypt did not use poison gas against Yemen in the 60's because of Israel .	1	Finite
Posada 's crimes , on the other hand , must seem like ancient history , especially to a people who do n't know their history .	20	Finite
I would say if he does not call you back by friday call him again he could be playing hard to get ?	5	Finite
Once one had been received , the next ten , mailed on two separate dates , were easily collected .	16	Finite
I recently got a tattoo done at Aztec and I could not be happier .	12	Nonfinite
When he joined the group , they were listening to her .	7	Finite
Germany : You can obtain the tourist card through the Cuban embassy in post .	3	Finite
OK , 1701 LOCUST STREET i say .	6	Finite
He had served three terms of three years out there ... Because triumphant health in the general rout of constitutions is a kind of power in itself .	20	Finite
Tell me , what events is today important such as how many elephants Hannibal had on the Alps , when you can have helicopters ?	21	Finite
Whatever Stillman had done , he had done ; wherever Stillman had gone , he had gone .	6	Finite
i have tried putting him in a small container and putting him in a dark place for an hour or so and he wo n't touch the pinky .	1	Finite
Can you please review this additional language to the risk management policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge ) ?	3	Nonfinite
No messages will reach the EES organization unless IBM agrees not to use their proprietary message delivery tool , WebSphere , and will use WebLogic instead .	12	Nonfinite
Service was horrible .	1	Finite
Contributions at the Pericles actions are ensured by the ECB , the Commission , Europol and , in some cases , Eurojust , Interpol and the US Secret Service .	5	Finite
But today , I got a boy and realized that he is HUGE !	11	Finite
His wife was listening , laughing softly , sitting back majestically for a moment .	2	Finite
I 'll be in Okinawa for about a week so I was wondering what are some fun things I could do ?	19	Finite
It is literally monkey see and monkey do with them .	7	Nonfinite
And , you 're going to develop a hopeless romantic streak .	3	Finite
Or was Mr Eichelberger simply an executive with a client to please and a job to do a pure professional ?	16	Nonfinite
Once the first bottle has been filtered , wash out the bottle and pour the Skittles vodka back in .	4	Finite
" As a way to commercialize his work , he would make a blue Marilyn and a pink Marilyn and a yellow Marilyn , and then you could pick your favorite color and buy that .	11	Nonfinite
It is a starting place to look	6	Nonfinite
The snake had charmed me .	2	Finite
Mrs Clinton has a reputation for a hawkish outlook , but this will be tempered by war - weary public opinion in the US .	2	Finite
They 're all heroes , you know , heroes of the struggle .	1	Finite
Nida brings in the reminder that while there are no such things as " identical equivalents " in translating , what one must in translating seek to do is find the " closest natural equivalent " .	1	Finite
We called our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it taken care of .	8	Finite
Can you give me the Sitara deal # ?	0	Finite
Workers who do these introductions look at the interaction objectively ; and it 's good to see they are able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem .	16	Nonfinite
In line also with the recommendation of the evaluator of Pericles , it is appropriate to extend the Pericles programme , based on the need to :	16	Nonfinite
Privileged / Confidential Information may be contained in this message .	4	Finite
The price they gave was good so I said hey this seems great .	3	Finite
I am not such a fool as I look , quoth Plato to his disciples , he said sententiously , emptied his glass with great resolution , and we rose .	1	Finite
He crept up behind me and sprang upon me just as I had finished the note .	6	Finite
maybe it 's beacuse you love to work with animals and you just ca n't be ha[[y if you were n't soing that job	13	Finite
The researchers found that ozone pollution caused 46 percent of previously heat-attributed damage to soybean crops .	2	Finite
That basically means do n't swallow it , do n't put it in your eyes , do n't bathe in it , and do n't really expose yourself to it directly at all .	8	Nonfinite
So my advice is that NEVER TRUST THIS DEALER .	6	Finite
I am doing a project and need to know what kind food Argentina people eat for breakfast , lunch , and dinner .	8	Nonfinite
Soon afterwards , around the time of his father 's death , Balzac wrote El Verdugo - about a 30 - year - old man who kills his father ( Balzac was 30 years old at the time ) .	26	Finite
I found that the lion , in place of his sword , now held a rather large plaque .	13	Finite
The CIA reportedly has been quietly building a case that the anthrax mailings were an international plot .	13	Finite
They think that modernity may endanger their tradition .	1	Finite
We 're set for 11/01/01 .	1	Finite
A pirate electronic version is available but not in French .	4	Finite
" Balzac himself attributed his condition to " intellectual congestion " , but his extended confinement in the " alcove " was surely a factor .	3	Finite
It 's so much fun over there , and I 'm positive that you 'll love it ! :)	1	Finite
Scholars are not certain when each of the 154 sonnets was composed , but evidence suggests that Shakespeare wrote sonnets throughout his career for a private readership .	18	Finite
I well remember what intelligent , informed people were saying in the last years of the Weimar Republic , what they told one another in the first days after Hindenburg had brought in Hitler .	2	Finite
Speaking in the parents ' defense , Tom Molomby , SC , said that , as the parents came from India , where homeopathy is in common use , they should be declared not guilty due to cultural differences .	31	Nonfinite
In August 1969 , Pope Paul VI removed the death penalty from the Vatican law and revoked it from all offences .	16	Finite
When they sound off , it is a true audio / visual experience .	6	Finite
What you do n’t want to wash with them is anything that can get twisted up with the straps , like women ’s long sleeve shirts or kids ’ blankets .	4	Nonfinite
There remained the problem of how to occupy his thoughts as he followed the old man .	7	Nonfinite
They may not be familiar , but they will be fascinating .	9	Nonfinite
The joint debate is closed .	3	Finite
Our Rector Barbara and our Deacon Clare also have signed the Declaration .	8	Finite
You 'll have to come visit to check out my new house .	4	Nonfinite
You can even take some words of languages , altering them or not .	1	Finite
That is the problem : you can not comment on things that you have not read .	8	Nonfinite
" They ( electricity generators ) grinned and beared the $ 750 price cap , but this new plan by ISO was too much , " said Dunn , whose committee has been investigating since March .	31	Finite
It is also peak tourist season , which means there are far more people just about everywhere but the most remote corners of the island , and prices are at their highest .	28	Finite
He also told me that he worked on the cast of will and grace and that they were all jerks .	6	Finite
I have stayed in this hotel many times , and while it typically offers a decent bang for the buck , its client base largely consists of troubled youngsteers and evictees from the local , not so pleasant hood .	25	Finite
New York 's main contract , light sweet crude for delivery in November rose 60 cents to close at 66.80 dollars per barrel .	17	Nonfinite
Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I 'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon .	13	Finite
Objects or donations should be placed in front of a monk so he can pick it up , or place it on a special cloth he carries with him .	4	Nonfinite
I see you re still recovering from the accident .	1	Finite
On the other hand , this is essentially a statement that the company is overpriced from the guy who knows it best -- and happens to be the best investor of the last century .	6	Finite
Do n't pinch on the lower part of the stem , or the basil plants will grow tall and reedy .	15	Finite
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be reliable , but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete .	22	Finite
Israel , however , is much closer to Iraq and is likely to suffer from Iraqi instability much more acutely than will the United States .	4	Finite
We trust and appreciate Scott Larson and know that he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs !	12	Nonfinite
There has been talk that the night curfew might be implemented again .	8	Finite
Feel the meaning , do n't just think of its wordy meaning or try to translate from Sanskrit ( BABA NAM KEVALAM ) to an English meaning ( Infinite peace and happiness ) .	13	Finite
ReportML is a " language " developed by Microsoft and specific to Access which can be used to describe Access database objects in XML .	15	Nonfinite
But , unless you personally know the members of your audience , here are some good rules of thumb to follow :	13	Finite
I would recommend them for any custom lighting or Lighting Repair and Restoration Chicago	2	Nonfinite
However there were visible signs of a crackdown on the Pakistan side .	2	Finite
When those lucky enough not to have Herpes create a climate of shame and indignity for those of us who do , not only are they hurting us , but they are hurting themselves .	8	Finite
" We do not believe the suspect has ties to this school , or to the two girls , or specifically to the Abbotsford area , " she said .	7	Finite
Cultural differences do exist , and so I do not understand why there should not be mandatory provision for exemptions .	10	Nonfinite
Other Thoughts : Will try this place again .	3	Finite
If you wish to no longer receive invites from your friends , you can use the unsubscribe link in the footer of the email .	13	Finite
when the door opens , he will get that the one room is hers , and he will be OK with that .	17	Finite
However , it was too oriented to small posts in the West and not as well - prepared for an overseas conflict .	3	Finite
And the basic idea behind the Checks and Balances we have is that if one branch of the Government goes crazy , the other two can hold it down .	26	Nonfinite
In Saintsbury 's view , " They are curiously , interestingly , almost enthrallingly bad .	7	Finite
Yo mama `s so fat , she could sell shade .	2	Finite
Grand - standing is ignored .	3	Finite
Do you have the heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are now ?	6	Nonfinite
It is difficult to imagine a justification for any action that could envelop the United States in a military and economic conflict with Iraq , Iran , Syria and China simultaneously .	4	Nonfinite
Take the quinoa off the heat and let stand , covered , for 5 minutes .	7	Nonfinite
I highly recommend Bay View if you are looking for Accommodation in Camps Bay .	2	Finite
You have to stand up to that and I would rather someone ran at me rather than round me .	9	Finite
We are aiming to have the programme printed next week , so I would really need to know as soon as possible if you would be available to speak at this year 's congress .	17	Nonfinite
If this is the best that Tucson has to offer , I am out ta here ...	7	Finite
He says authorities are reacting slowly to his urgent calls for mandatory iodised salt .	1	Finite
This is a homeland security issue of the most existential kind .	1	Finite
A bus that runs through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her , but I could n't do it .	19	Nonfinite
I remember it when I laugh .	5	Finite
I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again , I 'll definitely order a steak .	10	Finite
Affected parties have also criticized the fact that the manufacturer 's public declarations are also included in the defect definition .	13	Finite
If using a t-shirt to strain , be sure fabric softener or a dryer sheet had not been used with it , lets you get some extra ( unwanted ) flavoring ( and potentially toxic chemicals ) .	15	Finite
And their breakfast is awesome !!	3	Finite
Enron needs to use this situation to quickly get our viewpoints up into the PUCT and ERCOT ISO on what is driving these problems and our proposed fixes .	8	Nonfinite
" I ca n't promise you that .	4	Nonfinite
There s [ sic ] something in the hilarious anarchy of the net that produces these ' events ' every now and again . "	1	Finite
It is no surprise that the federal and state governments have classified the National Natural Heritage as a nation - wide endeavor of the highest priority and have documented it starting in 2005 in a coalition contract .	27	Finite
You 'll be among the first to seize upon new societal trends to create new opportunities for yourself , as your creativity will be at an all - time high .	7	Nonfinite
Bush came out today and said that if he had known what was coming , he would have expended every effort to stop it , and that so would have Clinton .	9	Finite
In a limited economic sense , therefore , the organization can argue warming might be a good thing .	10	Finite
I 've also sent over a number of friends to use the services here and everyone is extraordinarily pleased !	1	Finite
I do know that most of the time this plant was not buring like it did in July and August of this year .	1	Finite
I do n't believe that folks who believe that America is the land of opportunity will change their views from this recent news .	10	Finite
We 're in the process of developing a strategy to take us through the next few months .	1	Finite
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language .	6	Finite
Also woodpeckers were pecking in the trees and I just sat and watched .	10	Finite
I ca nt decide between height or width .	3	Nonfinite
If you must use them , be vigilant and be ready to push , if you can go elsewhere then I would .	3	Nonfinite
While we ca n't make any promises , we will do our best to bring in at least some of these special guests .	2	Finite
These may be reasonable assumptions , but the estimate was deeply unsettling to many .	9	Finite
The city mayor said rescuers were unable to retrieve the dead .	8	Nonfinite
Louisiana 's Governor Blanco urged residents to spend Wednesday in prayer and assured them the crisis would eventually be overcome .	7	Nonfinite
Whether it is appropriate or not is another thing we leave to the pros to decide .	15	Nonfinite
A helicopter snored over the celebrations , drowning the exchange of greetings when Bray was introduced to someone in the street , expunging conversation in bars and even speeches .	2	Finite
i need to know how they are different and alike in these area's	6	Finite
Hey , Mr. Computer , you ca n't log an email in to your sister ?!	8	Nonfinite
Also , he loves teaching so much , his price is unbeatable , but that does not change his level of skill .	10	Finite
When it serves their business needs , all of them collaborate beautifully .	10	Finite
Try to be playful and even slightly sarcastic as you respond to the statements of the person you 're talking to .	0	Nonfinite
One of these papers , written by Eichelberger himself , was translated into Arabic , " commented upon by members of Nasser 's staff , translated back into English for Eichelberger 's benefit . "	10	Finite
You are in a state of peace and relaxation .	1	Finite
For example , if you export a table of Customers Orders , you can also choose to export a related Orders Details table and Customers table into the same file .	13	Finite
Hiller replied : " No , it 's four questions of four leaders in four hot spots . " . . .	1	Finite
I have purchased over 15 vehicles ( cars , rvs , and boats ) in my lifetime and I have to say the experience with Michael and Barrett Motor Cars of San Antonio was one of the best .	21	Nonfinite
It was a wrong number that started it , the telephone ringing three times in the dead of night , and the voice on the other end asking for someone he was not .	1	Finite
I do n't like to write to him – with those messengers of ours you never know who may get hold of your letter – at that Central Station .	5	Nonfinite
You will notice that Questar has requested a " Payment Plan " that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events .	16	Finite
Maybe someone wanted to play a practical joke on you .	4	Nonfinite
You need either a filter for each device except the DSL modem , or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks , except the one which the DSL modem connects .	1	Finite
They are invoicing for this and I do n't have an invoice for it .	1	Finite
Here are the sample Agreements .	1	Finite
He stressed , however , that NASA would not follow this week 's Chinese mission through formal channels .	9	Nonfinite
He 'd just randomly walk up to you and start the biting .	4	Nonfinite
All those sunny reports about the progress in Vietnam were correct , the Communists WERE being defeated .	9	Finite
Russia can have no say in it – and nor should other countries , however helpful they wish to be .	17	Nonfinite
All the regional countries have publicly backed the Karzai government and supported the electoral process , but serious undercurrents remain as they all have their favourite contenders in Afghanistan .	19	Finite
Filled up on too much beer and hence can not comment on the food .	8	Finite
The pastor at this church is cool , I met him after some holiday service .	5	Finite
talk about law enforcement not having the will ...	0	Nonfinite
I did n't understand what she 'd said except that they were visiting .	1	Finite
This is money you 've earned .	4	Finite
Balzac 's literary mood evolved over time from one of despondency and chagrin to one of solidarity and courage - but not optimism .	4	Finite
For them , dating would normally be meeting in groups or parties , then pairing off .	4	Finite
And you might think by reading this I blame the kids .....	3	Nonfinite
Of course , you would then be in a position to sell calls again if the stock makes a bounce .	6	Nonfinite
Also they will fill your tires with air and other small maintenance tasks for free , even if you did n't buy your car there !	19	Finite
The conference will also discuss what it will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to achieve an efficient regime for ensuring that the nation has a reliable grid and regional trading system .	16	Nonfinite
Just be aware , not all cats have enough energy , interest or training to hunt mice .	15	Nonfinite
U.S. Senator John Cornyn , Republican from Texas , issued a statement regarding the rejection of Johnson Space Center ( JSC ) in Houston , Texas as a location .	9	Finite
Well , said Fred , put it this way – house-elves have got powerful magic of their own , but they ca n't usually use it without their master 's permission .	5	Finite
Someone in the CPA sat down and thought up ways to stir them up by closing their newspaper and issuing 28 arrest warrants and taking in people like Yaqubi .	7	Finite
Although there is nothing illegal about the generators acting together to lobby against price caps , Dunn believes the letters and other actions around the same time showed clear coordination among energy officials .	17	Finite
Ben made another announcement on March 28 , 2005 :	1	Finite
This would have to be determined on a case by case basis .	1	Finite
I would highly recommend that you read through some reliable bearded guides to make sure you have everything set up correctly :	16	Finite
he might never be a cuddly , loving , tame bird , but you can still have a friendly bond .	16	Nonfinite
Despite the name , this entity appears to be a MTM company .	6	Finite
Please check out my who let the dog out blog .	5	Finite
therefore , it may be helpful to focus your efforts on opening your reserve parachute .	7	Nonfinite
how can we ensure that Union policy interfaces with the subsidiary national policies for regional development ?	3	Nonfinite
I hope everything went all right and that Harry is okay and that you did n't do anything illegal to get him out , Ron , because that would get Harry into trouble , too .	16	Nonfinite
She noted then that women customarily walked about 10 feet behind their husbands .	1	Finite
He was prompt , knowledgable , friendly , clean and just an overall great guy who obviously cares about his business .	1	Finite
" That 's why he did the Campbell Soup cans or the Marilyn pictures , these iconic products of American culture whether they be in film , video or actually products we consumed .	2	Finite
He said they are looking for people and based on what I told him an interview was a formality .	16	Finite
You go through quite a bit .	1	Finite
Some people are willing to take your horse , but they really have old trailers that are not the safest in the world .	5	Nonfinite
Mrs Mason screamed like a banshee and ran from the house , shouting about lunatics .	7	Finite
Where do you advertise ?	1	Finite
We returned after 3 PM , found no one there , and a note from the innkeeper with directions to our room .	1	Finite
Many details remain to be worked out , but we will keep you advised .	4	Nonfinite
You should double check with the necessary embassy before you leave though .	3	Nonfinite
I know this is going to be expensive .	6	Nonfinite
" Do you know the history of this world ? "	1	Finite
How do you run a cafe , with no refills on coffee - ?	3	Nonfinite
The lunch specials are more food than most people can eat for about $ 6 .	10	Nonfinite
Not the smartest move to take off on a worldly adventure if you 've never traveled before and you do n't put where you would be traveling from .	21	Nonfinite
This weekend I 'm off to Sao Paulo and Buenos Aires on business .	3	Finite
Is that something you are up for ?	4	Finite
He walked forward he stretched out his hand for the handle	4	Finite
It is estimated that Israel has over 200 nuclear weapons yet neither the US nor any of her allies expresses the slightest concern .	1	Finite
In effect , the administration tried to make the IMF more interesting , particularly to encourage Republicans in the House of Representatives to support the reforms .	15	Nonfinite
Go in and you will not think you are in Chesapeake .	0	Finite
In addition , the clothing is of much better quality than the clothing from hot topic , which is made as cheaply as possible by people living in horrible conditions in Asia .	18	Finite
I think a test like this one is much needed .	1	Finite
I am not sure how reliable that is , though .	1	Finite
However , they did not expand until ships big enough to cross seas were built .	13	Finite
Many online stores carry them , like Adorama :	3	Finite
Harry Potter must say he 's not going back to school –	5	Finite
However , in the mid-1980s , Cleveland earned the nickname the " Comeback City ' as the urban core experienced a dramatic revitalization process that continues today .	7	Finite
I say we just keep the dough and go to Mexico .	1	Finite
She handed me a shirt she bought at the stadium and she gave me a big hug .	12	Finite
It is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in Afghanistan .	9	Finite
Creative Commons is not a party to this License , and makes no warranty whatsoever in connection with the Work .	2	Finite
The titular hero of one of Shakespeare 's most famous tragedies , Hamlet , has probably been discussed more than any other Shakespearean character , especially for his famous soliloquy which begins " To be or not to be ;	34	Nonfinite
Here 's a Miami Herald interview with the relaxed terrorist and former CIA operative in a luxury condo , published yesterday .	1	Finite
We have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as AT&T , Duke Energy , Pitney Bowes and Daimler Chrysler , and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts .?	30	Finite
( The mixing of religion and militarism is a whole other topic .... )	7	Finite
I think he did it on purpose because of my simple request for another slice of grandma that was n't so well - done ( actually , burnt ) .	1	Finite
The steamer was sunk .	2	Finite
Almost 2600 persons participated in these events .	3	Finite
Beardies are actually quite delicate .	1	Finite
They are adorable they have beautiful colors and personality .	1	Finite
Athens was just a small provincial village when it was chosen in the 1830s to serve as the national capital of the modern Greek State .	15	Nonfinite
It 's portrayed as though it 's dark , black and evil .	6	Finite
The call in number is 800.713.8600 .	4	Finite
The restrictions would drive prices as low as $ 65 per megawatt - nearly 12 times below the $ 750 per megawatt limits of seven months earlier .	3	Nonfinite
No matter what state I am in when I arrive , I always leave feeling better .	13	Finite
But you need to ask yourself do you feel the same way ?	6	Finite
If I had been in your place , I probably would have done the same thing .	11	Finite
In a statement to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation , the Church denied these allegations :	11	Finite
North Oakland is a sweeping term , referring to just about everywhere north of Uptown and Lake Merritt .	2	Finite
" Some people have stories about coming from the Earth , " Veronique said .	3	Finite
First of all , I am very sorry to hear you 're having this issue with your cat . :(	9	Nonfinite
Quinn paused , looked around the room without seeing anything , and tried to start .	12	Finite
There was a click again and the rustle , and I could not think of what it could be .	1	Finite
I may have to postpone again , I 'll let you know later this morning .	8	Finite
We take the Wikipedia approach : if you think it should be better , please help it be so .	17	Nonfinite
To bring a little more light to the world is what I want , out of all of this .	12	Finite
No major obstacles to ratification have been reported .	5	Finite
By 1598 , his name had become a selling point and began to appear on the title pages .	11	Finite
Best money I 've spent on remodeling ever .	3	Finite
I specially did n't say anything about the colour because I did n't want to muddle you up .	13	Nonfinite
Oh , did you ? he laughed .	2	Finite
Can you help out ?	0	Finite
Shojai told the opening ceremony of the month - long fair in Tehran 's Palestine Contemporary Art Museum .	1	Finite
She waves , antlike , then crawls through a dormer window .	1	Finite
He estimated that there should be around 45 particles , but this number is very uncertain — I would n't be surprised if it is quite different from that .	20	Nonfinite
" If Donald Trump becomes president , the government here will still have to work with him to advance whatever shared agenda there is , to ensure that Canadian businesses and interests are represented in Washington . "	20	Finite
The sample includes our " caveat " , so it should be fine .	11	Nonfinite
I could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and sell an animal as meat the way I prefer to eat it .	12	Finite
In this scenario , pieces of option three remain stubbornly impervious to artificial intelligence and continue to be mind - numbingly boring , while option four – engaging in social reciprocity and negotiation – remains limited .	34	Finite
Do not go to this salon , especially if you have to get your hair straightened .	10	Finite
Look at a map and you try to figure out how , in fall of 1999 , you could possibly pull off such an operation without Pakistani facilities .	18	Finite
MUST READ - Do not waste your time in this store .	0	Finite
Believe it or not , but the channel guide has been most helpful to my family members that visit and do n't know where to start when it comes to watching satellite tv .	20	Finite
Because Usamah is Saudi , my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the Wahhabi school of Islam that predominates among Saudia 's some 15 million citizens .	10	Finite
The old man had become part of the city .	4	Finite
It 's really difficult to find a place that is absolutely dark and accessible to you when you 're outside .	1	Finite
For example , you can group a field with date values into different months , and specify the interval as 2 , to create groups such as Jan-Feb , Mar-Apr , and so on .	16	Nonfinite
Thanks to all who volunteered .	4	Finite
Do yourself a favor and give them a call .	0	Finite
Jared just told me you have a BUNCH of stuff on your plate and I think you are about to get much busier too .	15	Finite
At first glance , for a city of 760,000 and agglomeration of 1.428,000 , there does not seem to be much to see .	17	Nonfinite
It was Don Quixote who engineered the Benengali quartet .	1	Finite
XML syntax ( the tags and their placement in a document ) defines and describes the data in an XML document but does n't indicate how the data should be displayed .	24	Nonfinite
All you need to do is place your favorite combination of Skittles candies into a glass or bottle of vodka and wait for it to infuse .	5	Finite
Such is the case with actions undertaken in Colombia , for all South American countries and Bulgaria , also including other South - Eastern European countries .	1	Finite
Let cool completely on the rack .	0	Nonfinite
how can we ensure that Union policy interfaces with the subsidiary national policies for regional development ?	7	Finite
And they must be greeted with an open spirit and clear mind because they form the new generation of beauty and hope .	3	Nonfinite
It actually needs to be relatively waterproof - the last one I bought had me soaked in anything more than light / moderate rain .	13	Finite
The SQL Server must be running on the same computer as the Access project .	3	Finite
If you want a motto for 2005 , the best one to adopt would be " go with the flow . "	12	Nonfinite
He was three months late in filing a name for the business , and he threatened to call his company Apple Computers if the other colleagues did n't suggest a better name by 5 O'clock .	1	Finite
It has cat 's " Meowing " for the vocals , and you might really find yourself in those furnaces , feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they die .	13	Finite
The bus is obviously the cheaper option , and travelling up from Buenos Aires the trip is a full 20 hours , although the buses are very comfortable with spacious reclining seats .	2	Finite
If you 're really ambitious , set a goal of helping others become fluent in the language .	6	Nonfinite
If you keep the cage clean they do n't smell and you can buy spray on cleaser for them , just massage it into their coat and groom them .	27	Finite
I have been suffering from back pain for over 12 years and have been to numerous specialists , physios , osteos and chiros with no help .	12	Finite
I can not describe how delicious the mango and cheese pastries and the omelets are to die for .	1	Finite
He was referred to me by a friend , who did n't have the best experience with Ted , but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end .	26	Nonfinite
So you have imagination , you have total freedom , you can invent characters , you can invent all kind of development and surprises and this kind of end of story or another .	17	Nonfinite
My husband has been a professional chef , so he is a good judge of quality food .	10	Finite
Virtually any other combination you can think of !	6	Nonfinite
The management from Julie and Janice to the work staff , esp. Edwin , are just wonderful .	14	Finite
I was obviously anxious to hear the speech in full ,	5	Nonfinite
Now I hide a lot less . " )	2	Finite
I am intrigued by the competition for trading platforms and was astonished to hear that Goldman , Morgan , BP and Shell were going to launch a site to compete with yours .	13	Nonfinite
I 'll pay up to 200 - 250 for it if I have to .	2	Nonfinite
The salads are limp and the rest of the food is n't any better ( ok , the nachos are not too bad ! )	19	Finite
Anything smaller you will grow out , anything bigger will be too big and difficult to control and manage , especially when riding .	18	Nonfinite
Zawahiri said that the US should expect another 9/11 on US soil .	5	Finite
I am going to try and study aboard but idk where I can go I can not decide where do you think would be the best place to go ?	17	Nonfinite
What you project will always come back to either reward or haunt you .	2	Finite
The ACIA found Arctic winter temperatures have increased 4 degrees to 7 degrees Fahrenheit in the last 50 years and should go up about twice that much in the next 100 years .	2	Finite
I try to say it every time as if it was the first time I said it .	10	Finite
What place or town would be most interesting to visit for european ?	9	Nonfinite
the attitude of some staff is terrible , did not solve anything only say i can do nothing .	10	Nonfinite
Steve , I noticed that our allocation from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21 % year on year ( ie ) $ 13.9 M from $ 11.5 M .	11	Finite
Mr President , with your permission I should like to begin by expressing my admiration for the way in which you executed the quick changeover of the chairmanship just now during the debate .	8	Nonfinite
It is at the southeast end of Downtown .	1	Finite
The terms of office of the Members thus appointed shall expire at the same time as those of the Members in office at the time of accession .	9	Finite
The president was a lieutenant and Archibald had been a lieutenant , too ; he figured they had something to talk about .	15	Finite
Ordinarily , George would come in around noon ; he would ordinarily leave around 5:30 or 6:00 in the evening .	12	Nonfinite
It put hair on my chest and thanks to the owner s advice I invested vanguard , got myself a woman like Jerry , and became a republican .	1	Finite
His explosive temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of Fallujah last spring , killing 600 Iraqis , most of them women and children , in revenge for the deaths of 4 civilian mercenaries , one of them a South African .	4	Finite
We have worked on the networks too long for this to happen .	1	Finite
Tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between India and Sri Lanka would encourage Sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process	13	Nonfinite
You have received this BBC Breaking News Alert because you subscribed to it or , someone forwarded it to you .	16	Finite
If all the controls that you 've selected share the same property setting , that setting appears in the property sheet ; otherwise , that property box is blank .	16	Finite
Performance tests will either be performed on a project basis or a unit by unit basis in a given project .	4	Nonfinite
Pretending he had n't noticed this , Harry sat down and took the toast Mrs Weasley offered him .	2	Finite
Quinn asked him about the essay .	1	Finite
Another great business bites the dust !	3	Finite
Your reserve chute should have been packed by a certified rigger and is moderately less likely to fail ;	4	Nonfinite
Both of these men are heavily involved in the private sector of the space industry , and both are also involved with another space company called SPACEHAB .	18	Finite
The 1616 edition of Ben Jonson 's Works names him on the cast lists for Every Man In His Humour ( 1598 ) and Sejanus His Fall ( 1603 ) .	8	Finite
In a form or report , the Name property never appears when more than one control is selected because control names must be unique .	16	Finite
Cullen and Dykman ( attorneys for Boston Gas Company ) approved all of our changes on the agreement to release the Tenn and Iroq space back to Boston Gas .	19	Nonfinite
" The US does not dictate what happens at the IMF , but it does have a disproportionate influence .	5	Nonfinite
I knew that he was an innocent but I would never have believed him to be ignorant of such a thing .	9	Finite
The term became a prominent result in searches online , and gained dominance on Web search engines including Google , Bing , and Yahoo! .	2	Finite
From there , you can look up at the islands La Désirade , Petite Terre , Marie Galante , Les Saintes , La Dominique but also have a perfect view of the islands Grande Terre and far away Basse Terre .	5	Nonfinite
The warm chocolate cake was very tasty , but served at room temperature , not warm by any stretch of the imagination .	4	Finite
You are the only one auto glass repair shop in the area I would count on .	14	Nonfinite
And indeed nothing is easier for a man who has , as the phrase goes , followed the sea with reverence and affection , than to evoke the great spirit of the past upon the lower reaches of the Thames .	26	Nonfinite
France does n't have a good reputation .	1	Finite
When I finally found someone at the desk who could speak English , they moved our room , but we still did not receive the single queen we had " reserved "	14	Finite
PLEASE DO N'T USE THIS MOVING COMPANY IF YOU DO N'T WANT TO : CRY , HAVE TROUBLE AND A BAD EXPERIENCE ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE .	9	Finite
My understanding was that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC 's online profile in order for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC 's peak load periods .	5	Finite
You 'd think they would do a good job but they do n't care unless they are getting paid full price .	13	Nonfinite
If you Do n't want to grow out of it quickly get a 14 ' 2 ..	4	Nonfinite
How FusionRetail has overcome these issues ?	2	Finite
At night , however , he slept alone , and the avenger might find him .	12	Finite
He responded by purchasing a classified advertisement in the Gazette De France , hoping that his anonymous critic would find it .	19	Nonfinite
All respondents who indicated they were discriminated against — specifically , those who responded with sometimes or often to the perceived discrimination measure described above — were asked the following question :	5	Finite
Having enjoyed a career peak at home in Australia , Geyer returned to live in Los Angeles in 1984 to concentrate on breaking into the musical scene there .	11	Finite
Was the San Francisco Bay Area mostly Caucasian back in the early 1970s ?	0	Finite
There are so many wonderful great places to dine in houston .... do n't . waste your time here .	8	Nonfinite
He gained further reputation at court once he was dispatched as an envoy to the Khitan Liao Dynasty in the summer of 1075 .	8	Finite
I found out they did not even drive the car , stated they looked at it before .	7	Nonfinite
One twelfth of each annual amount shall be payable to Bulgaria and Romania on the first working day of each month in the corresponding year .	7	Nonfinite
And before Harry could stop him , Dobby bounded off the bed , seized Harry 's desk lamp , and started beating himself around the head with ear-splitting yelps .	20	Finite
He could also wait until the end of his first term to use a provision in the Paris agreement to pull out of the pact .	3	Nonfinite
Please let me know if you would like for me to conference you in .	3	Nonfinite
SECOND-YEAR STUDENTS WILL REQUIRE :	2	Finite
The Onion has a different creative process where we are not trying to hit everything in the 24 hours and on the same notes .	2	Finite
In this day it s rare to find such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash .	12	Finite
It is a starting place to look	1	Finite
He had been staring absent-mindedly into the hedge – and the hedge was staring back .	12	Finite
They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they " do as they wilt " .	18	Finite
2 ) did Vietnam m 16's have a 3 - shot burst function ?	2	Finite
Ok so if youre snake will take pre-killed , you can " gas it " .	12	Nonfinite
it was assumed that he would pick up family and other relationships merely by being exposed to them .	1	Finite
Please respond to Mary.Ellenberger@enron.com	1	Finite
Our friend is a world traveler and loves unpretentious dining experiences and inspired food .	2	Finite
He said it sarcastically .	1	Finite
Cleveland is a culturally diverse city on the shores of Lake Erie , one of the Great Lakes , in Cuyahoga County , Ohio , USA .	1	Finite
By moving quickly to Iraqi sovereignty and improvement of Iraqi lives , the US may be able to get Iraqis on its side , so that they turn in the foreigners .	27	Finite
They went the extra mile to repair my cowboy boots -- they had to have a special kind of paper that looked like wood grain to fix the heels .	1	Finite
I have many friends that have laptops bought in the UK that use them here	1	Finite
I have n't had a chance to send it yet .	7	Nonfinite
Do n't blame him please , he feels lonely and wants to show his attention to all of you to look after you , please forgive and sympathy if he miss something .	0	Finite
When you see the first green tendrils push up through the soil , it 's time to remove the plastic wrap .	14	Finite
Madam President , in the Swedish version of Amendment No-4 there is an unfortunate mistake .	11	Finite
I just have a few issues supporting my back and my left leg flops .	13	Finite
It is clear that the payment will be made in shares .	7	Nonfinite
They want to save their friend .	3	Nonfinite
I believe that there might be a sign - flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue .	5	Nonfinite
The highly coloured lithograph of the Faithful Hero seemed to look dimly , in the light of one candle , at the man with no faith in anything except the truth of his own sensations .	10	Nonfinite
President Santer rightly pointed out that financial reform is one of the main pillars of Agenda 2000 .	3	Finite
Or are you undecided ?	1	Finite
" That provision would enable Putin to try to coerce and manipulate Russian - speaking regions into vetoing the country 's European future .	7	Nonfinite
Arctic summer sea ice will decline by 50 percent by the end of the 21st century , the assessment found , with some models predicting complete disappearance of summer sea ice .	19	Finite
1561 Ruy Lopez writes his book on chess .	3	Finite
It felt as though he had lost half of himself .	1	Finite
In theory , market - determined currency values are supposed to isolate the domestic economy from the vagaries of international finance , rising when money floods in and falling when the flows are reversed .	25	Finite
Since Enron 's employees are assigned an SAP identification numbers ( P number ) and an HR number , could Enron as a company use these IDs instead of the SS numbers ?	19	Finite
" The future is only peace . The problem is how long will it take and how many victims will it call for . "	14	Nonfinite
If you would be so kind , could you possibly let me know of your status over the next couple of days ?	10	Nonfinite
When a child is born in Canada the birth is registered before the baby can leave the hospital .	3	Finite
More than ever , police and prosecutors have the tools and the will to go after horrific crimes , even when the defendants are seemingly powerful individuals or institutions .	7	Finite
( Khalid Mohammed 's involvement dates back to Bojinka , as does Hambali 's ) .	11	Finite
I guess Mom is going to come back down sometime in March or April to see the new baby .	3	Finite
Volunteer organization Comic Corps of Canada collects donations of comics , to distribute to children and youth in the hospital .	12	Nonfinite
I know I would n't .	3	Finite
I think he 'd have embraced Henry Davis .	3	Finite
It was small and leathery-looking , with a large , knobbly , bald head exactly like a potato .	1	Finite
A simple formality assured me the secretary , with an air of taking an immense part in all my sorrows .	3	Finite
Dr. Mann killed our pet	2	Finite
“ The Vietnam War was winding down , and the Air Force was putting pilots in desk jobs .	12	Finite
Much later , when he was able to think about the things that happened to him , he would conclude that nothing was real except chance .	22	Finite
Rhodesians and South Africans , said Le Monde , were toasting the Israelis in champagne .	5	Finite
Be persistent , but do n't pester them about it cause that 'll get you nowhere fast .	12	Finite
I would recommend them to anyone !	2	Nonfinite
“ So I hate to put a little pressure on you , but the fate of the republic rests on your shoulders , ” he told the crowd gathered on a sports field at the University of North Carolina .	25	Finite
The other fields are outer fields .	3	Finite
We took our 7 month old and she laughed and giggled when ( very harshly I might add ) grabbing and ' kissed ' the goats and lambs .	22	Finite
I assume we should come over EB .	1	Finite
President George W Bush , who has cut his holiday two days short , has called on Americans to donate to the Red Cross or other organisations .	14	Finite
What you see in New Orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system , a form of socialism that many in this country know is the true problem .	27	Finite
Amnesty chief spokesman Mike Blakemore said : " It 's unbelievable that no one can account for 200,000 assault rifles .	5	Finite
Do you think we need to do more ?	6	Nonfinite
Should there be death penalty , for deliberate multiple murders ?	2	Nonfinite
You also may need to treat the incubation water .	5	Nonfinite
Analysis revealed that historic amounts of data had been used to cause the disruption .	7	Finite
Now , of course , there 's a new building , with presumably better facilities .	6	Finite
I did n't end up buying my car here , but I did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me .	20	Finite
Donations can also be made through Charter One Bank .	3	Nonfinite
What individuals would you like to see in a Hill administration ?	4	Nonfinite
What does independence mean – I do n't use freedom , I do n't like the big words – what does your independence mean , then ?	3	Nonfinite
When is the wedding ?	1	Finite
Anyway , I got you message , and I got the World Series thing ( although I had already received	17	Finite
The Russians are in disarray , perhaps in retreat .	2	Finite
When s/he responds , add your own comments or ask follow-up questions and proceed from there !	2	Finite
He 's a good chap , if they 'll let him alone , he 's learnt a lot , and one 's done what one could ...	21	Finite
The money funds their travel , explosives , hideouts and permanent search for soft vulnerable targets .	2	Finite
The rigorous enforcement of implementing measures is necessary to reduce the environmental impact of regulated EUPs and to ensure fair competition .	6	Finite
rent car & drive to first hotel ( less than 1 hour away ) ; collapse	15	Nonfinite
yet again it was a great stay from begiinning to end .	3	Finite
When they see that you ar nt harming them , the will go up on your finger when you say up .	12	Nonfinite
In 1566 , a league of about 400 members of the nobility presented a petition to the governor Margaret of Parma , to suspend persecution until the rest had returned .	23	Nonfinite
Al - Qaeda wants them , Iran wants them , Russia wants the better ones , and all the US wants is to give them all a piece of coal .	21	Finite
It only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa .	27	Nonfinite
It often nests in tree stumps or under rocks and foraging workers can sometimes be spotted climbing trees .	14	Nonfinite
He could , of course , see with his own eyes what happened , and all these things he dutifully recorded in his red notebook . But the meaning of these things continued to elude him .	6	Nonfinite
If you should miss a meal , you also missed a great show .	9	Finite
Do you still have the historical nymex settle file that you created for Lavo 's spread analysis ?	11	Finite
Say something like , " Huh .	0	Finite
The owl Mum and Dad bought Percy when he was made a prefect , said Fred from the front .	14	Finite
It looks as if NASA is transitioning away from the shuttle model , as in the past they have proven to be quite dangerous as Columbia has recently proved .	18	Finite
Our son 's comment was the best , I think .	4	Finite
11 . In Events of Default , clause ( a ) refers to a dispute section which I 'm not sure exists .	18	Finite
Sounds like we may actually get these documents executed early next week .	5	Nonfinite
And she knows quite well that we 'd never see each other in London either .	7	Finite
Wiki Media Foundation , the group behind the Wikipedia online encyclopedia project , said Friday that search giant Google has volunteered to host some of its content on company servers .	19	Finite
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID .	11	Finite
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	21	Finite
When the next hailstorm blows through , I will not hesitate to contact James at Team Texas Construction .	8	Finite
“ More people are turning to credit … While this borrowing might be manageable now , a sudden change in circumstances could lead to debt problems . ”	11	Finite
Wish they could see famous Harry Potter now , he thought savagely , as he spread manure on the flower beds , his back aching , sweat running down his face .	3	Nonfinite
Energy saving is the most cost-effective way to increase security of supply and reduce import dependency .	8	Nonfinite
Fill flats or individual seed containers with a mixture of equal parts perlite , vermiculite , and peat .	0	Nonfinite
Secondly , he will still out price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. Paul Thomas , Jason Choate , Todd DeCook and Peter Makkai .	6	Nonfinite
Marx 's work Das Kapital also makes constant reference to the works of Balzac and urged Engels to read Balzac 's work The Unknown Masterpiece .	6	Finite
Biographers suggest that his career may have begun any time from the mid-1580s to just before Greene 's remarks .	6	Nonfinite
" I 'm afraid not , " explains Winston , " that is what we would call a GREAT LOSS . "	15	Finite
We will be back again and again !!	2	Nonfinite
Mrs. Indira Gandhi arrives this afternoon and yesterday it was United Nations and Sekou Toure .	9	Finite
I do realise that this is only a small step towards increased transport safety , but I would ask you to endorse this report .	18	Nonfinite
When Baptist Pastor Stephen Jones talks about what makes for a happy marriage with Janice , his wife of 35 years , one special ingredient might surprise you : Double - dating with coupled friends who happen to be gay .	38	Nonfinite
such a great idea this was , so easy to load and pack , no ramp , no step up no back aches .	12	Nonfinite
Right now that seems to be the US , EU , and IAEA .	5	Nonfinite
It is funny what some people will do for a few francs a month .	1	Finite
I do hope to see you visiting us at the fire and we shall prepare a feast for you , as well .	14	Nonfinite
They can smell it so i 'm sure he knows what it is and just do n't want it .	17	Nonfinite
Should the United States undertake military action against Iran , the ramifications in Iraq would be immediate and extreme .	4	Nonfinite
Legislative measures may be needed where market forces fail to evolve in the right direction or at an acceptable speed .	10	Nonfinite
He also had bright blue eyes like Frank Sinatra did :)	9	Finite
Any suggestions and helpful hints to make this a more positive experience would be extremely appreciated .	12	Finite
He did not like the girl sitting next to him , and it offended him that she should be casually skimming the pages that had cost him so much effort .	18	Nonfinite
Now that the picture is clear , the two main competing lists seem to be the United Iraqi Coalition list and Allawi 's Al - Iraqiya list .	4	Finite
However , I will touch upon it only in passing .	4	Nonfinite
The hall ended in a T and we went left through the gym , walked underneath the bleachers and stood next to the side door , waiting for the rain to stop .	31	Nonfinite
My parents do not like me , They constantly reassure me that they will throw me out of home when I turn 18 .	2	Finite
Anything smaller you will grow out , anything bigger will be too big and difficult to control and manage , especially when riding .	10	Nonfinite
( He is 92 pounds ) He does not listen to any commands , but my major problem is that he will not go outside on command , or even with me .	23	Nonfinite
Do n't know the economics of Fujairah but Dubai is basically bankrupt so you would n't want to end up like them !	14	Finite
Convicts broke stones with hands like that , here .	1	Finite
Mike one of owners was awesome , he explained the detailed plan , and executed on time , I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .	4	Finite
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	11	Finite
Bending to the left indicates : " I know how to fulfil Your demands . "	11	Nonfinite
Thank you ,	0	Finite
I 'm pretty sure it 'll be worth it .	5	Finite
Say after I finished those 2 years and I found a job .	9	Finite
A press conference will be held to discuss the consumer class action lawsuit to be filed today .	4	Nonfinite
The Rams , the VCU sports team , also made the NCAA Final 4 this year , too !	9	Finite
Perhaps Sudan should be added to the list .	3	Nonfinite
These are the people who keep Jerry springer on the air .	1	Finite
I have been in some of them , and ... well , we wo n't talk about that .	1	Finite
Perhaps it is especially important , however , to define in precise terms the responsibility that city will have to assume .	20	Nonfinite
May seem a little silly , but , taking a long ride on the Metra system or the " L " system is a great way to see the city and sites without spending a fortune .	22	Finite
The Union of Rationalist Atheists and Agnostics ( UAAR ) has launched a petition which now has more than 11,000 signatures , asking the government to respect and execute the sentence of the Supreme Court .	26	Nonfinite
But it is less clear how the government will create additional jobs for women .	9	Nonfinite
He is delighted to be here , and he is suffering the one activates the other .	1	Finite
At that moment , there was a diversion in the form of a small , red-headed figure in a long nightdress , who appeared in the kitchen , gave a small squeal , and ran out again .	23	Finite
Doing this too often can quickly turn an otherwise flirtatious conversation into one in which you appear needy and self-loathing .	16	Finite
The battles and demonstrations were provoked by the US assault on Fallujah .	4	Finite
There are limited resources for public health and we must see to it that they are exploited effectively .	10	Nonfinite
I have thus proposed that the frost rating be lowered to -40° C .	8	Finite
how rough is too rough ?	2	Finite
If you get eggs in the mail in a medicine vial , that is fine .	2	Finite
In China the hair is typically put in a chemical bath to remove the cuticle completely , Tarlo explains .	4	Finite
In particular , annexes cannot be adapted to take account of technical and industrial developments .	5	Nonfinite
Hence , I think that we have to reference the manufacturer .	8	Nonfinite
You 'll see .	1	Finite
I have 5 sisters and so including my mom ... he is the only guy in a house of six females .	11	Finite
Can you give me the Sitara deal # ?	2	Nonfinite
The blog aims to help address " a gap between scientists and ' the general public ' . "	5	Nonfinite
In the third week I had more than $ 10,000.00 and it 's still growing !!	5	Finite
Anything smaller you will grow out , anything bigger will be too big and difficult to control and manage , especially when riding .	9	Finite
And I 'll be instructing the State Prosecutor to act when I 'd rather not , too .	3	Nonfinite
The crew at The Creative Workshop went over and above the call of duty and gave me back a car I can drive anywhere and finally enjoy owning .	6	Finite
Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto - Leite , Senior Counsel ( 713/345-7942 ; francisco.pinto.leite@enron.com ) or me with any questions or comments .	5	Nonfinite
Their service sucks to start off with , people are cruel and ignorant .	2	Finite
As long as you are a gentleman and treat them with respect they wo n't have any problem talking with you and your nationality will have nothing to do with how they treat you .	28	Nonfinite
Quinn was no longer that part of him that could write books , and although in many ways Quinn continued to exist , he no longer existed for anyone but himself .	10	Nonfinite
Dobby heard tell , he said hoarsely , that Harry Potter met the Dark Lord for a second time just weeks ago . that Harry Potter escaped yet again .	1	Finite
Lay some knowledge on them dude .	0	Finite
Thought you 'd like to know that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the Compaq Center ... it 's all about you and your needs .	32	Finite
i emailed you saaaaaam .	1	Finite
Stop by at least once or you 'll go to heck !	0	Finite
When you move a field that has custom groups between row and column areas , the custom group fields that are based on the field move with the field .	20	Finite
And I thought it was really unusual that someone in their mid-20s would initiate conversations , particularly in the context of something as serious as a US senatorial campaign , by talking about their drinking the night before .	12	Finite
McDonnell did well early in his term pushing back against Senate Democrats who wanted huge tax increases in response to major revenue shortfalls during the recession .	13	Finite
I wanted to watch it with them , but they decided they ’d rather watch it without me in the end .	1	Finite
We just had our wedding on 11/7/08 and was very impressed .	2	Finite
This left Westmoreland with few options , so he adapted a Search and Destroy strategy instead of a Clear and Defend strategy which is , in the long run , the preferred method of pacifying an insurgency .	11	Nonfinite
seriously , can you imagine having to live through these last few nights without heat ?	4	Nonfinite
You can also try practicing in front of a sympathetic friend or family member once you ’re ready for a “ real ” audience .	16	Finite
I just wanted to send you a quick note to let you know that I 'm out ta here !	15	Finite
We feed the chickens scraps of veggies and fruits throughout the day , but it 's nothing that a rabbit would n't be able to digest just fine .	22	Nonfinite
The receptionist of " Hand made " , the former film making company of George Harrison said : " we do n't have any relation with that man anymore and we do n't want to know anything about him " .	35	Nonfinite
Just like what happened in Enron 's initial VPP program they are find more interest in oil drilling projects rather than natural gas projects .	11	Finite
I just want a simple way to get a good deal to whatever Restaurant I want , whenever I want .	19	Finite
Forgot to cc you .	0	Finite
We 've been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the " Babies Elliott " had arrived .	1	Finite
I would be interested in hearing what conclusions you reached and what you found that was most convincing .	15	Finite
They are either raised coral limestone or coral atolls .	1	Finite
The writing is simple , yet the individuals ( especially the bourgeois title character ) are dynamic and complex .	15	Finite
Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !	13	Nonfinite
They are also friendly .	1	Finite
I 've never kept cichlids though .	1	Finite
Okay our room was at times noisy but we were in a mega busy city at an extremely busy time of year .	3	Finite
My dog has been sick for about 3 days now .	2	Finite
But there is nothing in the brilliant air and the massive white clouds hanging over the crumpled mountains that suggests exhaustion .	19	Finite
He was sent to France to have insignias made for members of the Society , a group of veterans of the war .	1	Finite
And , having only two days makes you realize what you have with your family .	11	Finite
All the same , we must not content ourselves with enacting European law to ensure greater safety .	5	Finite
Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated .	2	Finite
I would like to learn how	4	Nonfinite
I have never seen this car before until this lady at wal mart had it and she told me she got it here and that everyone was so nice to her .	13	Finite
Whereas it is essential , if man is not to be compelled to have recourse , as a last resort , to rebellion against tyranny and oppression , that human rights should be protected by the rule of law ;	31	Finite
When he went home on leave he rioted on a large scale – pompously . Jack ashore – with a difference – in externals only .	7	Finite
I played dumb and asked him questions that I already knew the answers to and he responded with half truths and a few falsehoods .	4	Finite
" Architecture wo n't help deceased people , but it helps to keep their memories alive among the living , " he says .	2	Finite
I 'm not sure how I would have handled it .	7	Nonfinite
you will need to give him only a small place to explore , so he can make it his territory , and feel safe there .	16	Nonfinite
The climate is so dry that these plains are sometimes thought of as part of the Sahara .	2	Finite
I went with Emily and her Mom last night to see the musical " Rent " and it was wonderful .	10	Nonfinite
And it 's not all about how much you earn , cost of living is much higher in many cities in Australia .	2	Finite
And that huge load was passing into the people that ate this meat .	10	Finite
That too was stopped .	2	Finite
5 - Number of years the Bush administration said in 2003 that global warming must be further studied before substantive action could be taken .	22	Nonfinite
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive .	19	Nonfinite
While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong .	10	Finite
He also remarked that " the existence of such a document could lead to consequences that are as likely as they are unacceptable " .	2	Finite
It is very clean , staff is friendly , and I have never waited !	6	Finite
Since it will be Janet signing , it will probably be better to have the initials on the pages first .	3	Nonfinite
Other Thoughts : Will try this place again .	4	Nonfinite
2000 - Year that Cheney said his policy as CEO of Halliburton oil services company was " we would n't do anything in Iraq " .	20	Nonfinite
Isfahan International Airport or Isfahan Shahid Beheshti ( IATA : IFN ) was a military air base before the revolution .	12	Finite
... Fishing , Jet skies , snorkeling , diving are some of the things you can do for fun .	9	Finite
That being said , I do n't know how their delivery service is .	5	Finite
Please allow me to say that the present report can be judged very positively .	9	Finite
Thank you though .	0	Finite
no one was charged for forced marriage , only the beating .	2	Finite
He shook it , feeling the uncanny slenderness of her bones , and asked if her name was Norwegian .	17	Finite
Marx did not see how the replacement of textile workers by automatic looms could possibly do anything other than lower workers ' wages .	3	Nonfinite
I do n't steal , I was n't acting suspiciously .	6	Finite
It sounds like a firmware issue and the camera requires a re-boot just like what happens in a computer - needs a re-start from time to time but it should n't be happening in a camera .	31	Nonfinite
4 Items for the inner field are repeated for each item in the outer field .	6	Finite
This is a busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant , which also must be wonderful - so just ask for what you need , and I 'm sure they will do their best to be hospitable .	16	Finite
On the one hand , it should pressure Musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " Legal Framework Order " that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .	25	Nonfinite
I do get my hackles up a bit when people haul out the old ' Rock - N - Roll made them do it ' argument .	10	Finite
Abby is our beloved friend , and we are trying to raise money for her any way we can , so this prize money is important to help her continue to receive her life - saving treatments .	29	Nonfinite
My dogs are far from perfect , and one of them I believe would be a little much for daycare here herself ( at least initially ) .	14	Nonfinite
so better inquire in railway office	2	Finite
Your reserve chute should have been packed by a certified rigger and is moderately less likely to fail ;	17	Nonfinite
Praising his portrayal of society while attacking his prose style , Flaubert once wrote :	13	Finite
You do n't have to sit and wait around forever like most places !!	1	Finite
Heh , yep , I like to wear silk chemises , panties even stockings with garter belt .	7	Nonfinite
There is an e-mail by Moussaoui , however , dated July 31 , 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to 6 months .	17	Finite
One member actually was convicted of beating his teen daughter unconcious when she ran away from ' marriage ' to her father 's own brother .	3	Finite
More than two billion people around the world live in areas prone to iodine deficiency , and yet the problem is easily fixed .	20	Finite
I plan on taking Michael to the new Star Wars exhibit at the Museum of Fine Arts .	1	Finite
I have no idea how China Delight won number 1 Chinese restaurant in Montgomery - There needs to be a recount on that vote .	7	Finite
You can see different treatments that a surgeon ca n't see , so that you can have several treatment options before you decide what to do .	16	Nonfinite
You did a book several years ago , did n't you ?	8	Finite
1584 Ivan the Terrible dies while starting a game of chess .	4	Finite
The fact is , when I began traveling for business to New England , when I first visited my in - laws in Montana and Idaho , I was shocked at the lack of racial diversity .	2	Finite
To get her to talk , although I was tired of lingua and I did n't really want to think about anything .	14	Finite
Bloom Legal was really attentive to my problem , and Seth Bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue I was dealing with .	12	Finite
He opened his eyes to make the words stop .	5	Nonfinite
The bartender is a douchebag and he has a little console behind the bar where he can delete songs he does n't like , and you end up paying for it .	16	Finite
Saddam Hussein did not invade Kuwait , endanger Saudi Arabia and butcher his own people because of Israel .	4	Nonfinite
The Mission was basically latin - american .	2	Finite
In a few words ... I 'm pleasantly surprised that you can still find " old school " service out there where company care more about good name and customers than their pockets ...	23	Finite
If you still do n't enjoy the kittens , see what other opportunities are available .	3	Finite
If you can not park in the lot , then you can park in the shopping center 's garage , and walk up to Endo Sushi .	4	Nonfinite
I love this cage , it 's easy to clean , very spacious and fun for the hamster	6	Finite
As he examined the yoyo , he could hear the child breathing beside him , watching his every move .	7	Finite
Many people , and many students , dislike math .	7	Finite
Tears lurked mysteriously behind his eyes , and his voice seemed to tremble as he spoke , but somehow he managed to hold his own .	1	Finite
One of the finest Israeli writers , A B Yehoshua , speaks about this in an excellent book of interviews , Unease in zion , edited by Ehud ben Ezer .	11	Finite
This is a great facility .	1	Finite
Coming to stay , and overstay your three months visit will lead to immediate expulsion and a lifetime ban to immigrate to Canada - NOT GOOD .	11	Nonfinite
Let me know if you are interested .	5	Finite
I am sorry to own I began to worry them .	6	Finite
" You may want to give me a slap in the face . "	5	Nonfinite
I bought a beginner s quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts .	17	Nonfinite
That , I think , started my thinking about this , but it took a while for the idea to crystallize .	5	Finite
I know you must be going nuts with all the events , so I have not called .	4	Nonfinite
and it will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places , i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go . :D	2	Finite
This right to fork guarantees that wikiHow , the company , will always serve the goal of the mission and our volunteer community .	11	Finite
It was the fault of the parts supplier , and can we imagine how he felt having to put another 2 hours of work in the car .	18	Nonfinite
It was only months and months afterwards , when I made the attempt to recover what was left of the body , that I heard the original quarrel arose from a misunderstanding about some hens .	14	Nonfinite
My assistant Joanne Rozycki has cell , car numbers to reach me .	4	Finite
You could make it to Matoko in , say , six or seven .	1	Finite
It 's a little hard to parse , but at this point his ostensible view is that the Gateses are very good money - redistributors , and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible .	1	Finite
people of a specific ethnic or racial group wo n’t enjoy jokes making fun of their group ;	8	Finite
In April 2012 , the Turkish Minister President Erdogan announced his government 's plans to free Bosphorus by building the Istanbul Canal parallel to it .	15	Nonfinite
If you do not receive the Republican nomination , would you consider running as a third party candidate ?	2	Finite
Attached are an original and blacklined copy of your form of guaranty , which reflect our comments .	14	Finite
I have no idea if that is related or farmers are doing a better job of clearing out opossums now because they know opossums are carriers , but we have n't had an EPM horse in at least 10 years .	1	Finite
A stooping man had appeared behind the counter , smoothing his greasy hair back from his face .	4	Finite
Because I want someone who 's going to treat people nicely and well .	2	Finite
To say that windmills were knights , that a barber 's basin was a helmet , that puppets were real people ?	12	Finite
I said I would buy you a racing broom , said his father , drumming his fingers on the counter .	1	Finite
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	26	Finite
The police commander of Ninevah Province announced that bombings had declined 80 percent in Mosul , whereas there had been a big jump in the number of kidnappings .	18	Finite
Well then I went on a trip to Glasgow and was walking around .	3	Finite
In Balzac Ewelina found a kindred spirit for her emotional and social desires , with the added benefit of feeling a connection to the glamorous capital of France .	3	Finite
The stale cool air of the room had heated ; yet weariness receded , his head was left high and dry of it .	7	Finite
You should ABSOLUTELY call your veterinarian back immediately to clarify anything you have questions about .	12	Finite
While the Museum of Flight was in the top running , I m disappointed that NASA did not choose them .	5	Finite
The idea about this site is that the visitors can send in their own pictures and get them added to the album .	5	Finite
A recent example of weather control was China 's preparation for the 2008 Summer Olympic Games .	6	Finite
I hope that the Commission is able to accept the present amendment .	5	Finite
Seth provides deep tissue massage which has significantly reduced the pain in my neck and shoulders and added flexibility and movement back to the area .	6	Finite
It will be resumed at 3 p.m .	2	Nonfinite
One of the Wesley boys wrote the hymn .	5	Finite
You wo n't even have time to read the entire menu before being asked to order and if you ask for more time your server will wait at the table .	7	Nonfinite
K.C. Maurer , chief financial officer and treasurer at the Andy Warhol Foundation , said 500 institutions received the initial invitation and currently 190 universities have accepted one or more donations .	17	Finite
My conclusion is that you should only go there if you want to wait a least an hour and see all kinds other people being seated before you .	5	Finite
True , the ship had had to be moved into its berth by the tugs but it had been crippled only briefly .	5	Finite
This section pertains to terminated employees who are paid out in the year following the termination event .	2	Finite
Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization ?	0	Finite
If your cat is not trained to use the litter pan , you may have a problem taking her .	3	Finite
I dare n't say dine – we 're homeless , you know ...	1	Finite
Please let me know if you have any questions or need anything else .	3	Nonfinite
Al - Zaman : Guerrillas killed a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party after kidnapping him in Mosul .	5	Finite
I hope you have a good flight back to home .	1	Finite
He is said by one FBI agent to be " very , very , very " dangerous .	1	Finite
When most of the food or drinks I got only included two !	10	Finite
Subject : Where can I get the necessary software to get a " smart " mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps ? ( E.g. , pathalias , smail , etc. )	10	Nonfinite
At the very end of last term , Harry had come face to face with none other than Lord Voldemort himself .	10	Finite
The answer is likely D : all of the above , due to this being a complex reality we live in .	19	Finite
What more can be said : " Burch 's Karate is the GREATEST ! "	10	Finite
Dudley hitched up his trousers , which were slipping down his fat bottom .	7	Finite
It was n't his appointment , it was Paul Auster 's .	1	Finite
and you ! said Mrs Weasley , but it was with a slightly softened expression that she started cutting Harry bread and buttering it for him .	9	Finite
You mean , how did we manage to make it all happen so quickly , right ? :)	6	Nonfinite
One compelling argument for reintroduction was the wolf acts as a keystone predator , an animal that affects the populations , behavior and ecology of a wide variety of species within its range .	17	Finite
I was very pleased to find my accommodations and the hotel staff to be a very calming and comforting part of my trip .	13	Nonfinite
In short , China has the American economy by the throat .	4	Finite
i do n't think so .	1	Finite
I understand that we are still reviewing the attachment that lists the open transactions .	10	Finite
From then on , the Beatles began to get involved in false religions and to preach them to the world .	8	Nonfinite
Strings of dusty niggers with splay feet arrived and departed ; a stream of manufactured goods , rubbishy cottons , beads , and brass-wire set into the depths of darkness , and in return came a precious trickle of ivory .	9	Finite
Users can also filter , sort , and group data .	1	Finite
Louis the German invaded Moravia and replaced Mojmír I with his nephew Rastiz who became St. Rastislav .	14	Finite
I was told to take my coffee to go if I wanted to finish it .	8	Nonfinite
There 's not that much money in fundamental science at the moment , so I try to cut the costs wherever possible .	1	Finite
Nothing contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein .	4	Nonfinite
We took our beloved kitty to him and it came back dead .	1	Finite
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 p.m. .	2	Finite
Do n't be aggressive –– just skeptical and curious .	2	Nonfinite
The p H should be 6.5 - 7 .	3	Finite
As I watched my mother and father 's health deteriorate and ultimately watched them die , it is a very defining time in our lives .	17	Finite
Compare to last decade this University is gaining more prestige in International level	6	Finite
Would do business with them again .	1	Nonfinite
Do you not think some of them , not all , are getting too big for their boots .	11	Finite
Colonel Bray is n't going to run a hotel .	2	Finite
You can not set the SQL query mode new database default to ANSI-92 in 2000 file format because the option is disabled ;	20	Finite
Mrs Weasley and Ginny were going to a second-hand robe shop . Mr Weasley was insisting on taking the Grangers off to the Leaky Cauldron for a drink .	4	Finite
The Dutch students have yet to decide if they will be commercializing their electric motorcycle .	3	Finite
( And , by the way , is anybody else just a little nostalgic for the days when that was a good thing ? )	19	Finite
As I mentioned in my e-mail , John Lepore at Select Energy ( Settlements Group ) is trying to reconcile our list with his list .	16	Finite
Why , how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ???	24	Finite
No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked	2	Finite
Following on the heels of Ben 's annoucement yesterday , I thought I 'd post that I have joined Google as well .	17	Finite
Superior work - always comes through when we need him .	4	Finite
Juan communicated some numbers to me and when reviewing this request would like to ask you to consider the following :	17	Nonfinite
But will future generations , particularly in advanced economies , realize such expectations ?	10	Finite
However , if you 're allowed another option and you want a small - town feel , then head to Edinburgh , Scotland .	4	Finite
My heart pounded as I walked down and pounded even faster upon seeing Gerry in an SUV - Lexus !	2	Finite
This helps the plants grow bushy .	4	Finite
The Union of Rationalist Atheists and Agnostics ( UAAR ) has launched a petition which now has more than 11,000 signatures , asking the government to respect and execute the sentence of the Supreme Court .	16	Finite
· Engaging in social reciprocity and negotiation to keep us all pulling in the same direction .	8	Nonfinite
I used to live in London for 6 months and it 's by far one of my favorite places to be in the world ( I 've been to 45 countries in 5 years ) .	20	Nonfinite
Useful for younger kids who do not have big enough hands or the ability to handle two reins independently .	5	Finite
Then the first woman spoke again : the number was busy .	9	Finite
I wanted to let you know about this before I respond to her request .	10	Finite
Without the funds from our 1991 partners , we would not be able to acquire the oil revenue trapped within Iraq .	14	Nonfinite
We might be mistaken in using the gross domestic product per inhabitant as the sole indicator .	1	Finite
What you see in New Orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system , a form of socialism that many in this country know is the true problem .	28	Finite
Papeluna , a cute Mom / Pop custom printing and paper store , just opened a few days ago .	14	Finite
oh god is there an agenda .	2	Finite
So , as I was leaving I asked for the designer / dress name or style number associated with my top picks .	4	Finite
I was extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it , but the sales guy I dealt with ruined the deal .	22	Finite
I fancy I see it now , but I am not sure – not at all .	9	Finite
As you mark things off , you will be motivated to continue doing so , and seeing it on a regular basis will remind you that your project needs to be done .	30	Nonfinite
This tactic of letters is not merely the modus operandi of these militant islamists inspired by Zawahiri , it is their signature .	4	Finite
It is also called “ T-town ” by the locals and has been called the " Oil Capital of the World " .	11	Finite
Supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening , but I 'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal .	13	Finite
Incidentally , there are twenty columns , and these are reflected in the pool in front , which might also account for its name .	20	Nonfinite
IMF reform is sensible and should be supported .	6	Nonfinite
What is your purpose behind this venture ?	1	Finite
This will prevent the cuttings from burning during the hottest part of the day .	2	Nonfinite
I cannot comment directly on how the Indian government was prepared for this cyclone .	1	Finite
Regular tourists who renew their 30 day visa are eligible to depart the country ( to any destination ) and return immediately enjoying a further 60 days ( 30 days plus a 30 day extension ) .	3	Finite
Disney cruises offer 24 - hour room services , and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like .	15	Nonfinite
On the other hand , the report thinks the news might not be so bad for the North Atlantic fisheries .	7	Finite
An official estimate issued in 2003 suggests there are 50,000 " foreigners " in the Andaman Islands , but unofficial figures are much higher than this .	6	Finite
Will they treat and announce the competitions as they do all others — for better and worse ?	0	Finite
“ It ’s okay , Mom , ” I say .	2	Finite
What made it perfect was that they offered transportation so that I would not have to wait there or take time off of work to go back and forth or try to find a ride .	30	Nonfinite
But , even for South Korea 's most highly educated and capable female workers , child rearing is a major career obstacle .	17	Finite
Now Iran wants to turn the tables and is inviting cartoonists to do their best by depicting the Holocaust .	8	Finite
It 's an event Mexico hopes will eventually rival the Carnival of Brazil .	5	Finite
UN Secretary - General Kofi Annan has indicated it is time to " recognize Hezbollah " after easily being duped by " the message on the placards they are using " .	13	Nonfinite
If using a silicone cupcake sheet , simply have it ready .	8	Nonfinite
Mike one of owners was awesome , he explained the detailed plan , and executed on time , I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .	14	Finite
During the conciliation procedure the Commission , indeed you , Commissioner , declared that a proposal on seaports would be on the table immediately .	18	Finite
I fell asleep thinking about how I wished that the Scathalos outrunners were gone .	1	Finite
i also think the National Endowment for the Arts is a waste , but i guess i would rather see my money go to the NEA than NASA .	2	Nonfinite
I found this pure white bird in my neighborhood , its wing is injured , so I 'm currently taking care of it .	12	Finite
The wit and wordplay of Much Ado About Nothing , the charming rural setting of As You Like It , and the lively merrymaking of Twelfth Night complete Shakespeare 's sequence of great comedies .	27	Finite
If Abbas does not change his former thinking and continues the path of Yasser Arafat , then there will not be peace in the Holy Land and the Palestinians will ultimately suffer .	9	Finite
I also highly recommend staying with a French family .	3	Nonfinite
" At some point , Patricia tripped or the bear tripped her and was at her back .	6	Finite
I have weighed those options and found the three that I have chosen to be more my wife and my own taste .	14	Nonfinite
The city reasoned , " because the users of the private schools pay a frequency fee , this kind of activity is considered as a commercial one " ( ( it ) ) .	2	Finite
Initiatives aimed at enhancing the public 's knowledge of nutrition are also crucial – not least because they can motivate citizens to pressure their governments to take action .	1	Finite
Do you know if Bobby can see visitors ??	2	Nonfinite
Thank you ,	0	Finite
For example , you can select from the Promotions row field all the promotions that run for a specific period and create a group .	4	Finite
Nobody should feel a looser in Afghanistan , ’’ President Hamid Karzai told Pakistan ’s English daily The Nation .	2	Nonfinite
Considering that it is only today that we are dealing with a Commission proposal first made on 19 March 1998 , even though Parliament responded relatively quickly , this time lag is a little too long .	3	Finite
From Mérida , it is easy to take day trips to a vast array of destinations : archaeological sites , ecological parks , typical villages , caves , beaches , colonial missions and more .	7	Nonfinite
He also remarked that " the existence of such a document could lead to consequences that are as likely as they are unacceptable " .	16	Finite
Mookie 's good , but he 's raw , and they ca n't even decide who to put in right .	14	Nonfinite
US outsourcing special ops , intelligence to Iraq terror group , intelligence officials say	13	Finite
K.C. Maurer , chief financial officer and treasurer at the Andy Warhol Foundation , said 500 institutions received the initial invitation and currently 190 universities have accepted one or more donations .	14	Finite
You 'll have to tell me what it 's about first .	1	Finite
Are you playing golf ?	0	Finite
The Great Powers did not fulfill the requests for recognition of Albania .	3	Finite
They already have rights to take it , alter it , and release those changes to the world - this is what the whole open source thing is about .	8	Nonfinite
Everyone was gathering round for servings from the roast sheep , and the fair stocky man from the airport signalled a greeting with a piece of meat in his fingers .	1	Finite
She told me that was to bad she would do nothing to help me since she could not use or resell the piece .	4	Finite
He sits down , saying that the influence of Yasir Arafat is evidently weakening and fading .	11	Finite
Quality is estimated to be a Mars type crude with 25 - 27 API Gravity and 1.5 - 2.0 % sulfur .	1	Finite
These companies find it harder to recruit skilled graduates when financial firms can pay higher salaries .	6	Nonfinite
Fired us up for the actual Paralympics .	0	Finite
Between us there was , as I have already said somewhere , the bond of the sea .	9	Finite
On the floor was a wrapper from a French Chew .	3	Finite
I suppose you can call it speculative , since I 'm not really out to prove anything .	1	Finite
One more thing , they do n't take any credit cards or checks .	7	Nonfinite
Well there ’s no defense against Soviet aggression , so whether you believe that doctrine or not that ’s gone .	2	Finite
and I said , YES , CENTER CITY PHILLY , and he says , NO , Warwick is a township , If you 're at a Radison in Warwick that s too far , try dominos in Pottstown .	23	Finite
What you do know is that there is one fact of Jewish life unchanged by the creation of a Jewish state : you can not take your right to live for granted .	2	Finite
Most of the tourists that I 've come across buy tours along the My Tho waterfront .	9	Finite
As you know , our next meeting is on Wednesday , July 12 from 3:00 - 5:30 p.m .	7	Finite
To this end , I would like to remind you of the resolution of 15 September , which recommended that the proposal be presented as soon as possible .	8	Nonfinite
Those who show up with complaints but can not point to specifics are virtually ignored .	7	Finite
Until Europe wakes up , this unity will not be achieved .	2	Finite
Lots of jokes rehash the same ground and sometimes they retell a story countless other jokes have told .	16	Finite
Other countries , including the ones you mention , have stronger social orientations in all aspects of society .	9	Finite
He should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark - skinned foreigners want extradited , CIA operative Michael Meiring .	1	Finite
What 's the difference between logging in and signing up ?	1	Finite
I think he 'd have embraced Henry Davis .	4	Finite
The mice will sniff the smell of cat urine and clear off in a jiffy .	2	Finite
On the other hand , a healthy ecosystem with good management practices will reduce the chance of these events happening , or will at least mitigate adverse impacts .	13	Nonfinite
It might have been connected with the philanthropic desire of giving the criminals something to do .	15	Nonfinite
The Hatfill Theory ironically might best be understood as an Al Qaeda theory , with a coincidental Malaysian connection adding to the other circumstances .	4	Finite
If you apply in person to the Cuban Consulate , you get the visa straight away .	11	Finite
He had read Quinn 's old work , he had admired it , he had been looking forward to more .	9	Finite
If you feel this guy is worth it then I hope your vet can figure things out .	5	Finite
they are great dogs .	1	Finite
It means they 've gone too far .	1	Finite
" I think America 's obsession with celebrity culture is as strong today as it was when Warhol was living " , said Gustafon .	2	Finite
In the early 2000s , there were five doctors per 100,000 inhabitants .	6	Finite
As the car rattled through the park toward the West Side , Quinn looked out the window and wondered if these were the same trees that Peter Stillman saw when he walked out into the air and the light .	31	Finite
Several analysts have suggested Huawei is best placed to benefit from Samsung 's setback .	9	Nonfinite
Construction was underway at the mosque in order to enlarge the mosque and improve crowd control , which has been a recurring problem during Mecca 's pilgrimages .	18	Finite
The deadline expires today , so if we do not vote , we shall miss the opportunity to deliver our opinion .	2	Finite
And we also are eating meat that comes from some of these same places .	7	Finite
I do n't like to write to him – with those messengers of ours you never know who may get hold of your letter – at that Central Station .	18	Finite
I do n't know if vomiting blood is common with this ailment .	3	Nonfinite
See you all there - this is ling overdue	6	Finite
They can cause property damage , create a mess , and produce unpleasant smells .	11	Nonfinite
I m glad his butt was facing me so he could n't see my red face I think my Mare was even laughing ..	10	Finite
Janell and Dennis will not be able to go anywhere in 2002 due to Janell 's broken leg .	8	Nonfinite
For instance , if the person has a band-related username , you might say : " Hey , cool name . Did you see those guys when they last came to town ? "	29	Finite
We visited on 7/26/08 for dinner We received a gift certificate for the Mama Mia 's on Greenfield Ave .	1	Finite
i am very discouraged and sad and i do n't know what to do .	8	Finite
' Oh , he will go far , very far , ' he began again .	4	Finite
In some neighborhoods , cicada insects make loud sounds from sunset to sunrise .	6	Finite
Hadid studied mathematics at the American University of Beirut before moving , in 1972 , to London to study at the Architectural Association School of Architecture .	18	Nonfinite
You can change the caption of Group 1 to Fixed and Promotions 2 to Category in the Properties dialog box .	2	Nonfinite
A recently released islamist who had been a close associate of Zawahiri said that Zawahiri spent a decade and had made 15 separate attempts to recruit the necessary expertise to weaponize anthrax in Russia and the Middle East .	30	Nonfinite
We have seen the gap between rich and poor widen .	1	Finite
anyway , we shall have three months in London now , with perhaps a week or two in Ireland .	3	Finite
I would like to invite you to come to a site where you can hear talking parakeets that are not just mimicking , but actually talking in sophisticated conversational language .	1	Finite
Otherwise , I will be sending it to Peoples as our final revision by mid morning .	3	Finite
The good news is that there are solutions .	3	Finite
Doss ’s story also has an unlikely quality to it that makes it all the more appealing .	4	Finite
As long as you tell people what you are going to do , he reasoned , it does n't matter .	19	Nonfinite
If you do not have any religious beliefs , or are for another reason unwilling to appeal to your patron deity , skip this step .	2	Finite
Everyone knows that it is politically impossible to turn to the Member States and ask for an increase in the Membership fee .	4	Finite
I am a licensed mental health counselor and I work with variety of mental health problems .	9	Finite
Words can be lethal .	1	Finite
A third important factor is the way the event will be mediated : will NBC have its best sports broadcasters following the event after having worked the Winter Olympics ?	10	Nonfinite
The only problem that I have experienced is the landlord .	5	Finite
See our web page at " http://www.radianz.com	0	Finite
Dunno .	0	Finite
In a bulletin , the FBI noted that the surveillance might relate to a plot to disperse a chemical or biological weapon .	11	Nonfinite
Its support base is much larger than what it seems .	9	Finite
We would still keep the 20,000,000 line referenced in Schedule B of the POA agreement .	1	Finite
Auster 's apartment was on the eleventh floor , and Quinn rang the buzzer , expecting to hear a voice speak to him through the intercom .	20	Nonfinite
Not to mention the fact that they gave us our cats back not even 30 minutes after they were out from surgery .	7	Finite
A proper theology would therefore have to be constructed in the light of its future goal .	7	Nonfinite
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	7	Nonfinite
Please see attached .	1	Finite
Ron held it at arm 's length as it kicked out at him with its horny little feet ; he grasped it around the ankles and turned it upside-down .	9	Finite
Hydrogen peroxide is used to replace the luminol 's nitrogen atoms with oxygen .	5	Nonfinite
I think the women at this salon know that their business is based primarily from referrals . :)	7	Finite
Winter , who in his position as president and chief operating officer of the ISO , submitted a 50 - page emergency request , asking federal officials to abolish the $ 250 price cap .	16	Finite
A query that uses wildcard characters in a criteria expression can produce different results under each query mode .	11	Nonfinite
Thus kaoshikii is a blossoming of the microcosm ( unit being ) in its attempt to attain a link with the Macrocosm ( Cosmic Consciousness ) .	2	Finite
Arab boys are racing their donkeys down the hill .	2	Finite
He had not really lost himself ; he was merely pretending , and he could return to being Quinn whenever he wished .	15	Nonfinite
The Commission proposals refer to the four pillars of employment strategy and the five fields of action of the European Social Fund .	3	Finite
How to Get Rid of Mice Naturally	2	Nonfinite
What else was there to live by ?	5	Nonfinite
I would highly recommend this shop to anyone looking to get a quality tattoo done .	1	Finite
In order to be invited to the debates , we must raise money and poll nationally .	10	Finite
Acquiring open source talent gives a company an inexpensive way of influencing and anticipating the direction an open source project will go .	4	Finite
As for Ted , things are still going well although I have n't see him at all this week ( we are two very busy people ) .	21	Finite
that 's fine , i do n't want to see you either , i just need to make a cd .	9	Nonfinite
When you distribute a Web page that uses components , users who do not have the components installed will be prompted to install the components , provided the Web page designer configures the components to do so .	14	Nonfinite
They took turns to ride Harry 's Nimbus Two Thousand , which was easily the best broom ; Ron 's old Shooting Star was often outstripped by passing butterflies .	4	Nonfinite
Start here if you were born in Ontario .	0	Finite
Previous reviewers said they were pushy and I can understand that , but I find the staff more helpful than anything else .	4	Finite
Your predecessor said earlier – we only finished the debate barely twenty minutes ago – that this report would be voted on tomorrow .	2	Finite
I would n't have believed it of myself ; but , then – you see – I felt somehow I must get there by hook or by crook .	14	Finite
We sued Houston Casualty last year but I do n't recall making any bad faith claims .	10	Nonfinite
It 's very useful !	1	Finite
This time he claimed to have fought the battle without even bothering to put on his corslet until two hours after the fighting began .	23	Finite
We have worked on the networks too long for this to happen .	11	Nonfinite
How could such a thing happen ?	5	Nonfinite
Water the mature basil plants once a day , in the morning , so the water has time to soak in and evaporate rather than sitting on the plants overnight .	22	Nonfinite
Some conservationists want the protection extended so wolves can move into other states , including Colorado , Utah and Oregon , among others .	9	Nonfinite
Because the field list of a page does not show the contents specific to a page , you can use the data outline to review the structure of a page .	9	Nonfinite
Auto Towing is one of the best towing services I have used .	2	Finite
Wait until the fourth or fifth day of the festival when the crowds will have dwindled .	13	Finite
Texas Roadhouse is WAY better !!	2	Finite
I can live with these minimum standards , but I would ask the Commission to monitor the situation very carefully .	15	Nonfinite
If anyone is interested in listening to this song , and in offering their opinion , whether it be positive or negative , I 'd appreciate it .	2	Finite
I 'm interested in what America will look like in 5 years .	7	Nonfinite
The report also found alterations of ecosystem processes such as carbon cycling and storage .	3	Finite
The brochure for the Conference and associated Workshops can be obtained by clicking on the link below : < http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf > << http://www.euci.com/pdf/trans_expn.pdf >>	8	Finite
I wish I had you as my dentist early on in my life - maybe my teeth would have been a lot better then they are now , However I am glad you are my dentist now .	33	Finite
What I have been hearing about the representative in Nicaragua is indicative that the project had not been properly closed down .	15	Finite
A series of scholarly editions of his work , notably those of Samuel Johnson in 1765 and Edmond Malone in 1790 , added to his growing reputation .	22	Finite
Stan commented on the creation of the Santorum cocktail , " When he was winning in the polls , I thought , ' OK , I 'll do a Santorum ' . "	27	Nonfinite
But the rate of productivity growth in construction is low , and the value of many credit - fueled projects subsequently turns out to be low or negative .	21	Finite
Widely considered to be one of the most spectacular waterfalls in the world , the Iguazu Falls on the border of Argentina and Brazil , are a certainly must see attraction in the area .	28	Finite
The historical city hall in Obermarsberg originates from the 13th century and was refurbished after the Thirty Years ' War .	12	Finite
Seems like a good idea to keep the heat on Hoecker & Co. right up until Nov. 1 .	6	Nonfinite
So I question whether or not you want to publish info about fundamental standards that we can not yet report against .	16	Finite
Set aside an area of the house where you can put all the packed boxes .	10	Nonfinite
That might be , said Auster .	2	Nonfinite
For the next hour Quinn alternated between dialing and waiting , always with the same result .	5	Finite
I have ate here 3 times since they first opened , and the service has been poor each time , the staff always comes across as somewhat rude and slow .	9	Finite
Once he is more comfy with his surroundings , then you can start handling him and getting to know each other more .	2	Finite
in order to bring immediate results it will also be necessary to have constant monitoring of the implementation of the directive .	3	Nonfinite
For example , you can group a field with date values into different months , and specify the interval as 2 , to create groups such as Jan-Feb , Mar-Apr , and so on .	4	Finite
I can not describe how delicious the mango and cheese pastries and the omelets are to die for .	14	Finite
Most playwrights of the period typically collaborated with others at some point , and critics agree that Shakespeare did the same , mostly early and late in his career .	15	Finite
therefore they will not attempt to make this claim .	4	Nonfinite
MUUUUUUM ! howled Dudley , tripping over his feet as he dashed back towards the house .	11	Finite
HR , intended to be a key user of this tool , will not use BackWeb because survey responses can not be made anonymous .	14	Nonfinite
ANYWAY WE DRIVE AROUND IN MY VAN AND SOLVE MYSTERYS AND SHIT	2	Finite
i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs .	30	Finite
Radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr said the attack was " criminal " and that " the Zionists have left only one choice for the Arabs , that of fighting and jihad " .	10	Finite
It was quite a poignant fact that I was away on that particular Friday .	8	Finite
A similar entity ( 1179 ) was assigned to Commodity and Trade ( Todd Richards and Mary Fischer ) so this one should be assigned to them as well .	23	Nonfinite
" This reality was noted by playwright Oscar Wilde , who said :	11	Finite
It may seem that the common agricultural policy or the trans-European transport network are higher priorities , but they are not .	13	Finite
As a steady wind begins to blow , fine particles lying on the exposed ground begin to vibrate .	4	Finite
The point is -- FHS gives you the opportunity to make it to a good college , but you need to work hard .	21	Nonfinite
Anyone who doubts that should review a recent letter orchestrated by the Bretton Woods Committee , addressed to Congressional leaders on behalf of an impressive array of former Republican and Democratic cabinet secretaries .	5	Nonfinite
" There 's a lot of impact on plants and they say , ' Who cares ? '	11	Finite
We take note of that , Mr von Habsburg , and I should be grateful if you could provide us with this letter .	17	Finite
It has been 3 weeks and I STILL do n't have my table ( which was NOT cheap , I might add ) .	1	Finite
The heat was heightened by drink and animation and the glass filled by the long , narrow black hand of his neighbour was marked by the fingerprints of the white woman who had relinquished it .	22	Finite
A better approach would entail creating high - quality jobs in modern service industries .	3	Finite
I will be able to attend .	1	Finite
If You create a Collective Work , upon notice from any Licensor You must , to the extent practicable , remove from the Collective Work any reference to such Licensor or the Original Author , as requested .	20	Nonfinite
They phoned the same day , confirmed it was the gearbox quoted me the job , I gave the go ahead .	1	Finite
But you cannot repeat mistakes because the world is not built on repetition ; it ’s built on mutation .	3	Nonfinite
You had mentioned that you might want to include a shaped product .	5	Finite
I 've also got a bachelor s degree so I can go back and do further study or take a different profession .	10	Finite
Sufaat , according to both KSM and Hambali , did not have the virulent US Army Ames strain that would be used .	19	Finite
I 'll still be here in Boston so we 'd do it over the phone .	3	Nonfinite
The Green Group fully agrees with Mr Spencer that we must preserve this proposal for a CO2 tax .	11	Nonfinite
People aged 13 - 17 may be allowed to travel alone at Eurostar 's discretion - you should email them for a decision .	5	Finite
I wish I could make it .	4	Nonfinite
I just do nt want to freak him out or make him feel uncomfortable .	12	Nonfinite
That is wrong .	1	Finite
My suggestion is that Global Counterparty use the same name that the customer has signed on the EnronOnline Password Application -- my understanding is that the EnronOnline team returns inappropriate Applications to the customer until they are correctly completed .	23	Finite
By Friday December 1st , could you please tell me the percentages / amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and November .	8	Nonfinite
I think it s only fair that nowadays every town should provide at least one halal cafe or restaurant and hopefully one day every British catering establishment will be halal .	3	Finite
Should China decide to retaliate against the US to defend its oil and natural gas deal with Iran , the US would be faced with a significant threat .	22	Nonfinite
While some looters are stealing non-essential goods , others are simply trying to find food and water .	13	Nonfinite
85 - Percentage of American young adults who can not find Afghanistan , Iraq , or Israel on a map .	10	Nonfinite
Allowing subscribers is a simple way to broaden your conversation on Facebook , while reserving personal updates for people you know well .	2	Finite
I do n't want to have to deal with those deal - a - day websites like Groupon .	1	Finite
International law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones , stands behind them and shoots with immunity and can not be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government .	20	Finite
Cleveland is the urban center of Northeast Ohio , the 15th largest combined metropolitan area in the United States .	1	Finite
As he wandered through the station , he reminded himself of who he was supposed to be .	16	Nonfinite
The young were mostly dead , and the old men had been taken away , they told us , to learn important new things and to come back when they were ready to contribute fully .	26	Nonfinite
Are whole offices ( eg Tokyo ) unreachable or is it only those who have home offices ?	9	Finite
Comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	2	Nonfinite
You could also keep adjusting your shirt or your hair , keeping a running dialogue about what look is best for you .	3	Nonfinite
As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now .	2	Finite
It was as unreal as everything else – as the philanthropic pretense of the whole concern , as their talk , as their government , as their show of work .	1	Finite
If you have some problems with your windows , you should call them .	2	Finite
( The order of business was adopted thus amended ) .	5	Finite
I have to say the value of this place always amazes me .	3	Nonfinite
One such murder , with the help of hysterical media coverage , can destroy the tourism industry of a country for quite a while , as it did in Bali and in Turkey .	13	Nonfinite
It serves as a reminder of the work that needs to be completed for the cross-linguistic study of SI in particular and acquisition more generally .	11	Nonfinite
We had a lot of colonies containing a lot of ants , and wherever possible we conducted the experiment blind .	16	Finite
But I also see that as a fatal misconception , which is doing Sunnis harm , because I do n't believe the US is going anywhere so soon .	11	Finite
Quinn watched them all , anchored to his spot , as if his whole being had been exiled to his eyes .	15	Finite
Feathered Feet / Shanks - Chicks could have feathered feet / shanks as this is also incomplete dominate .	6	Finite
The many light toys such a swords , devil ears , and lanterns turn the milling crowd into a unique light show that can be observed by climbing the steps of the 70 meter memorial hall on the grounds .	13	Finite
The USI art gallery celebrated the Thursday opening with its display of Warhol 's Polaroids , gelatin silver prints and several colored screen prints .	4	Finite
I do n't know if I should call him again tomorrow or not ?	1	Finite
It has cat 's " Meowing " for the vocals , and you might really find yourself in those furnaces , feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they die .	35	Finite
Amid worsening conditions , officials plan to evacuate a New Orleans stadium where up to 20,000 people took shelter .	7	Nonfinite
More and more tech companies are calling the shots more than ever before on Wall Street , even more than in Silicon Valley .	5	Finite
I will tell you .	1	Finite
October 26 / 27 , hope to be vacation time .	5	Finite
it is a transmedia system in the sense first used by Marsha Kinder ( 1991 ) and popularized by Henry Jenkins ( 2006 ) , in which media-hopping networks of intertextualities extend the “ storyworld ” of an original production .	31	Finite
These animals have the misfortune to produce a substance that is useful in the manufacture of perfume .	10	Finite
Al - Sharq al - Awsat reports that a key eyewitness in the trial of Saddam Hussein for a 1982 massacre at Dujail has died .	23	Finite
Take the messages for what they are : she has no objection in you being pals at uni , but she does not want to take matters further .	9	Finite
As I mentioned in my voice mail , Mike Roberts going to hire Sara Woody , a recent MBA grad from Rice , into his group .	12	Nonfinite
No , it 's really not , so it 's really important to be able to get as a many international trips throughout the year to continue our improvement .	13	Nonfinite
In addition , repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .	18	Nonfinite
Please take a moment to click on the link below and cast your vote for Beyond Control .	5	Nonfinite
Since they consider this an upgrade , they let their other rooms fill up and would not change our room .	12	Nonfinite
I mean , he 's written almost the whole booklist !	1	Finite
The consistory court of the Diocese of Worcester issued a marriage licence on 27 November 1582 .	8	Finite
However , you can open the page in Design view and change the property settings .	4	Nonfinite
We are concerned here with the harmonisation of examination requirements but also , in fact , with minimum requirements .	1	Finite
Thank you ,	0	Finite
It will lie there for anywhere from 30 seconds to several minutes .	1	Finite
He was about to tell her who he was , but then he realized that it made no difference .	13	Finite
Within Fort Lee , the main attraction would be its collection of restaurants .	7	Finite
As President , I intend to keep that promise !	4	Finite
not only is this place too expensive for what it is , it s horrible !	13	Finite
But it did revolutionize the way we think of as a smartphone .	3	Nonfinite
It is a curb bit with a ported mouth piece and some horses appreciate this to give them more room in their mouths for their tongues .	16	Nonfinite
Firstly , your hammie was not stressed out , he wanted attention .	4	Finite
In 2012 , she was made a Dame by Elizabeth II for services to architecture , and in 2015 she became the first and only woman to be awarded the Royal Gold Medal from the Royal Institute of British Architects .	27	Nonfinite
If Jeff is happy , I 'm happy .	2	Finite
Once we agree on the list , we can sign the EEI Master .	2	Finite
My house already feels fresh and good thanks to the Battery Park Pest I 'm enjoying my time indoors much better .	3	Finite
He had never mentioned his Gringotts bank account to the Dursleys ; he did n't think their horror of anything connected with magic would stretch to a large pile of gold .	23	Finite
They pride themselves on being an event and team building company for corporate clients but you better believe they are going to mark you up on that feel good premise .	1	Finite
The Libyan blowing up of the Pan - Am flight had nothing to do with Israel , and I could go on and on and on .	19	Finite
I will not be there at 7:30 , but will see you arond 9:30 on Tuesday .	1	Finite
Response : The US has succeeded in politically isolating Hamas , and started the process of cutting off its funding .	4	Finite
ps I may have to come back to work for a 615 call	3	Nonfinite
One has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these people do n't know what they are , do n't care , or know perfectly well .	26	Finite
Please call if you want to discuss .	6	Nonfinite
1551 Ivan IV of Russia bans chess .	5	Finite
He returned with two bottles , placed them on a wooden crate that served as the coffee table , and sat down on the sofa across from Quinn .	1	Finite
On the other hand , there are already machines that can replace our memory .	11	Nonfinite
Security in the hotel seemed to be excellent , but we were never given an explanation as to why someone would open these items .	11	Finite
They 'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want , plus all the information you need to apply .	25	Nonfinite
It clearly gives the Admin a very strong upper hand to control who when and where direct access can occur without having to say that they oppose direct access .	11	Nonfinite
The next 5 companies were my responsibility while in EBS , and did not get assigned during the reorg .	12	Finite
The Americans have to put away their free - market fetishism for a while and find ways of creating jobs and pumping money into Iraqi households .	15	Nonfinite
Opposite it there are olives still , which Arabs are harvesting with long poles .	3	Finite
They seemed to be no more than broken things , discarded things , stray bits of junk .	1	Finite
Too bad they were out of the Chocolate Lava Cake .	3	Finite
Barbara Walters did a story on gender roles in Kuwait several years before the Gulf War .	2	Finite
Parliament has demonstrated its great interest in this area on a number of occasions .	1	Finite
We 'll see what happens .	2	Nonfinite
The Dursleys had n't even remembered that today happened to be Harry 's twelfth birthday .	10	Nonfinite
I would reccomend anyone to go see Jana Kueck and Robin Talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer .	5	Nonfinite
( I think there are close to 24,000 groups )	2	Finite
Instead , lower growth rates are the natural result of the long - awaited rebalancing of the Chinese economy .	5	Finite
When you have a minute , I 'll give me a call and I 'll come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel .	14	Finite
The impact depends on a number of aspects .	2	Finite
If such a decision is taken with respect to only one of the acceding States this Treaty shall enter into force for that State on 1 January 2008 .	17	Finite
$ 300 m - Amount cut from the federal programme that provides subsidies to poor families so they can heat their homes .	11	Finite
It 's got its own bathroom and tv , and is pretty cozy .	1	Finite
Peter Dale Scott includes an account of how Terrell 's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book Cocaine Politics .	11	Finite
Which do you prefer ?	3	Nonfinite
The city was founded by the Spanish conquistadors in the 1540s on top of a centuries-old Maya city called T'ho .	2	Finite
China 's wider aggression to secure oil and gas was the greatest threat to its international standing in the next decade .	9	Finite
If you know someone who might fit the bill ask them to contact me and / or send me their resume .	12	Nonfinite
Since the 1960s , the city 's economy has been in steep decline .	8	Finite
I tried to do it on the HRonline web - site , but the procedure is too complicated .	1	Finite
Mostly they require tight fitting clothing so they can see that your muscles are working properly and so on .	8	Finite
More significantly , recall Iraq .	3	Finite
of course , it was only in the wizarding world that he had money ; you could n't use Galleons , Sickles , and Knuts in Muggle shops .	16	Finite
An XML schema file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document , providing a series of element names , as well as which elements are allowed in the document and in what combinations .	28	Finite
She is very conscientious about what she signs , and who initials what .	7	Finite
This is about the fourth time they 've done my horse 's feet because I just switched back to them .	1	Finite
Do not go to this salon , especially if you have to get your hair straightened .	2	Finite
nevertheless , in this event these coping strategies may assist .	9	Nonfinite
According to senior counter terrorism officials , both here and abroad , among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it .	29	Nonfinite
Visited Fujairah when in Dubai .	0	Finite
The data must be in a format that Access recognizes , either in a native format or through the use of a schema .	9	Finite
So that alarms me , because there 's quite serious potential for adverse effects and brain damage in the next generation of children born in this country , " he said .	30	Finite
" Expect the unexpected , " and enjoy the ride !	1	Finite
Every pompous jackass from the bush who filled his pipe with tobacco bought with dues from the local party branch .	7	Finite
This was simple prudence , white men being so much alike at a distance that he could not tell who I might be .	22	Nonfinite
Let 's talk before I leave town next Wednesday .	0	Finite
Actually , I think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just do n't be too mad if I have to cancel .	14	Nonfinite
Of course you do , you 're a Mets fan caught in a do-or-die moment in late September at Shea	3	Finite
Do n't go here unless you want to sit , order , eat and be asked to leave all in a matter of 20 minutes .	17	Nonfinite
I like to imagine the thought processes going on in W 's head if he were to actually read the letter , but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter .	18	Nonfinite
In order to determine the appropriate level of oversight , government bodies would presumably conduct a science - based risk analysis .	3	Nonfinite
I expect Craig did n't want Mom to see his place because it was messy .	13	Finite
Let 's get them to support constructive solutions that will make a real difference .	2	Nonfinite
Throw away or donate junk you do n't want to take to your new place .	8	Nonfinite
Is this how your clients usually evaluate these properties ?	0	Finite
This email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization named above .	5	Nonfinite
I launched LibriVox , emailed some friends and some podcasters who where doing literary stuff , and invited them to record a chapter of Joseph Conrad 's Secret Agent .	20	Nonfinite
To a dog , watching T.V. is a lot like watching and old scratchy silent film because their flicker fusion seems to occur at a rate of 70 to 80 Hz .	20	Finite
so i live in Invercargill New Zealand and i want to know if there are any good places to buy an ice - cream sundae from other than mc donald s lol	9	Finite
Warm and sunny winter weather also ensured a thriving tourism industry , and encouraged many Easterners and Midwesterners to relocate to Phoenix .	13	Finite
There s a reason why Frank mcclelland was named best chef of the north east reigon .	7	Finite
For this to be possible , what we need from the European Commission are not just good intentions , but clearer guidelines and a firm commitment to monitoring the way these resources are used by the Member States .	8	Finite
Phoenix is the capital of the state of Arizona as well as the most populous city in the American Southwest and sixth largest city in the United States .	1	Finite
But in general , Delhi is the hardest place to find a nice clean hotel for that price .	5	Finite
I have two upcoming events one is for 200 and another is for 21 .	11	Finite
They were very friendly and were able to explain me exactly what was wrong with it .	12	Finite
She had to hack her way through the ceiling of her beauty shop as flood waters rose in the city of half a million people - much of which lies below sea level .	29	Finite
" People are still intrigued by how stars live , dress and socialize , since it is so different from most people 's every day lives . "	8	Finite
The islands lie 860 km east of Christchurch , in the middle of the " Roaring Forties " .	2	Finite
We trust and appreciate Scott Larson and know that he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs !	7	Finite
If someone thinks there is a business opportunity then they will start opening halal only places .	2	Finite
In fifteen minutes we would be home and my mother would fry eggs .	4	Finite
You can use the filter feature to find specific data values or all data that matches a value .	2	Nonfinite
It also is likely people have released some of these animals into the wild hoping they would survive -- for instance , a ranger in Glacier Park caught someone in this very act not long ago .	16	Finite
I would add setoff language .	1	Finite
We understand that the pipe fitters are also planning to picket the Lake Worth , Florida project as well .	10	Nonfinite
Also , it will be much easier for you guys to monitor because most of the deals will be monthly .	3	Finite
In any case , since the book is supposed to be real , it follows that the story has to be written by an eyewitness to the events that take place in it .	29	Finite
It called a " ploy " the assertaion that the attack was merely on foreign fighters at Fallujah .	1	Finite
More recently , he erred in accepting a transportation bill that had huge flaws and huge tax increases , rather than prioritizing spending and seeking more rational , efficient , decentralized transportation decision-making .	4	Finite
I gave the woman I spoke with today a " You 've been yelped ! " card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna .	20	Nonfinite
the difference is that when a bomb goes off in a West End restaurant the fundamental right of England to exist is not in dispute .	20	Nonfinite
We 've been asking everyday if anyone had heard if the " Babies Elliott " had arrived .	7	Finite
if you want good pizza , go to famoso .	6	Finite
I did n't know that I did n't register him in the ridiculous amount of paperwork I had filled out in the hospital and was supposed to go to city hall within 90 days .	3	Nonfinite
Specializing in short stories , she was one of the first important writers to appear in the Meiji period ( 1868 - 1912 ) and Japan 's first prominent woman writer of modern times .	6	Finite
Downtown streets were originally platted parallel to the Frisco railroad tracks .	2	Finite
Nancy , can you please reconfirm with Mark the price for the gas at Bondad ?	2	Finite
I chose the later , but approached the front desk about the hotel policy to push over their responsibilities on local authorities , not to mention the good night s sleep i paid for but did nt get .	1	Finite
The food was finger licking the bowel fantastic ..	2	Finite
could not find any info online	0	Finite
Google the term or find photography supplies websites and put it in the search box ( or look for studio equipment supplies ) .	4	Finite
This can also be through political , economical , social , and technological influence .	3	Nonfinite
I trust that they will give us better love than they are getting from us , for ours is a very low-quality upward-seeping vegetable-sap sort of love , as short-lived as it is spontaneous .	5	Nonfinite
Jews do , it is well known , make inordinate demands upon themselves and upon one another .	4	Finite
And I ca n't even load the newest version of Cyanogen Mod .	2	Finite
By and by I open a paperback and try to lose myself in mere politics .	4	Finite
A sensitive Environment Canada document was found wet on an Ottawa street by someone who gave it to the CBC today .	15	Finite
I 'm hoping to build this up to be a hub for all the campaigners - a place where people can exchange ideas and advice .	21	Nonfinite
After this I got embraced , told to wear flannel , be sure to write often , and so on – and I left .	14	Nonfinite
Go onto the UCAS website , go onto course search and search for the courses you want to do .	16	Finite
Buy a new phone	0	Finite
There has , however , been extensive statistical analysis of demographic and population data which includes women , especially in their childbearing roles .	1	Finite
But if somebody wakes up one morning and suddenly no longer is funny , then yeah , head first , out the door as quickly as possible , and as sadistically as possible .	11	Finite
If anyone wants the complete article , email me , as it is a very good article which no meat - eater can read and not sense their own hypocrisy .	23	Nonfinite
In the immortal words of Marilyn Monroe , " If you can make a woman laugh , you can make her do anything " ( do n't worry , ladies — the same is true for men ! )	25	Finite
I really want to go to andiamo s for my birthday and i was just wondering how much it would cost for the four of us to eat there	4	Nonfinite
In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .	21	Nonfinite
On one occasion , it is implied he is an undercover agent whose target is Homer .	14	Finite
And , she granted , “ you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different — we can do better — and where she has expressed regret . ”	3	Finite
I 'm going to show you six , if I can , solutions for helping to save the world .	10	Finite
We shall not only condemn them .	4	Nonfinite
( 2 ) No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his nationality nor denied the right to change his nationality .	5	Finite
While he admired and drew inspiration from the Romantic style of Scottish novelist Walter Scott , Balzac sought to depict human existence through the use of particulars .	4	Finite
At this stage it is more important to concentrate on assessing how we can use this process to steer Union regional policy , bearing in mind that the aim is to reduce regional inequality .	31	Nonfinite
the future of ozone pollution is very different [...] leading to either offsetting or reinforcing effects [ of climate change ] on crops " .	5	Finite
try for a large body of water if you are confident your companion can save you from drowning .	0	Nonfinite
We go to Japaneiro 's all the time and we have NEVER been disappointed !	10	Finite
When you look at the mycelium , they 're highly branched .	2	Finite
I had to ask the greeter , he explained his reasons with broken English .	1	Finite
Stardust @ home is a highly distributed project using a " Virtual Microscope " that is written in html and javascript and runs on most browsers — no downloads are required .	22	Finite
Per my conversation with Edmund this morning , we are moving the following countries to the non-approved list : Austria , Belgium , Croatia , Czech Republic , Denmark , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Singapore , and Slovenia .	9	Finite
The day will come when I 'll have deportation orders to sign that I wo n't want to sign .	6	Finite
Harry knew he should n't have risen to Dudley 's bait , but Dudley had said the very thing Harry had been thinking himself maybe he did n't have any friends at Hogwarts	14	Finite
WHEN YOU FIRST COME IN THE HOSTESS IS NOT VERY FRIENDLY , THERE IS JUST A BUNCH OF WORKERS STANDING THERE .	7	Finite
Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and in particular they do not touch women or take things from women 's hands .	5	Nonfinite
The problem is how to enable the whole world to enter the new future , including the Arabs .	10	Nonfinite
worse , accepting Russia 's terms would ratify the idea that powerful countries may bully less powerful neighbors into doing their bidding , to the point of surrendering their independence .	14	Nonfinite
They also spawn new local companies that serve as suppliers , thereby boosting employment , augmenting workers ' skills , improving productivity , and increasing government revenue .	2	Finite
When you come to ncfa you will see a real instructor that teaches and trains everyday !	2	Finite
Her mentor did not return her passionate , if discreet , love for him , and instead treated her as a younger sister .	4	Nonfinite
Listened to my problem and took care of it .	0	Finite
" Because when they bring my chicken dinner this kid with the beard will be in a state , " I explain .	21	Nonfinite
there will be some girls there and then we can get them to meet up with us at that garden in the heights party later that night .	9	Finite
Phil if you could please make copies and distribute ASAP .	5	Nonfinite
Our world is in crisis and our Republic is in danger .	8	Finite
Just pray that you have not ever given this criminal enough information for your identity to be stolen - your full name , birthdate , home address , etc or that you were not conned into sending money .	32	Finite
Once I returned to pick up my car , you can believe I spent quite a bit MORE time standing around waiting .	11	Nonfinite
He estimated that there should be around 45 particles , but this number is very uncertain — I would n't be surprised if it is quite different from that .	1	Finite
Restaurant on top was renovated , food was decent , price was way to high for Duluth for quality , new decor seems tacky	11	Finite
Quinn did all his writing with a pen , using a typewriter only for final drafts , and he was always on the lookout for good spiral notebooks .	1	Finite
Which essentially sounds like he 's worried that Bill or Melinda are going to die soon .	14	Nonfinite
He also inspected my entie roof to see if there was anything else that needed attention .	7	Nonfinite
Findings of Lapita pottery suggest that early-Polynesians were on these islands close to 3000 years ago .	7	Finite
Introduces the word gambit .	0	Finite
But then you must remember the aim of our proposal .	3	Finite
According to Parker , Russian Secret Service agents are active in large numbers in Great Britain .	8	Finite
Which Compact System Camera Should I Get ... ?	6	Nonfinite
Olivia went in to change the record and because it was , unexpectedly , Mozart – the harp and Mute concerto – he lit a cigar to smoke while he enjoyed it .	1	Finite
I highly recommend this dealership if you would not like to hassle on price and receive friendly service .	11	Nonfinite
Oh , are you starting at Hogwarts this year ? Harry asked Ginny .	2	Finite
Now that he had embarked on the Stillman case , he felt that a new notebook was in order .	3	Finite
China 's export - led growth miracle would not have started in the 1980 ' s without the American consumer .	7	Finite
Does she have any interest in meeting one - on - one or is she just looking for a public hanging ?	2	Nonfinite
If even a modicum of normality and security can be returned to Iraq , its citizens will be able to benefit from the country 's petroleum reserves .	17	Nonfinite
His appearance was certainly that of a hairdresser 's dummy ; but in the great demoralization of the land he kept up his appearance .	2	Finite
I just got a call from Dave and Frank and they tell me I have a whole week this time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade Australian financial power .	2	Finite
You may also want to avoid Thanksgiving week and the Christmas holidays .	3	Nonfinite
1 ) It is not normal for dogs to be vomiting , much less to have blood in it .	15	Nonfinite
It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms , a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war .	35	Finite
All have received Polaroids from the foundation .	1	Finite
Christopher Columbus sailed across the Atlantic Ocean to the West Indies in 1492 , sparking a period of European exploration of the Americas .	2	Finite
And I present to you a concept that these are extended neurological membranes .	2	Finite
Four or five chimneys were perched on top of the red roof .	4	Finite
Yes , it will loose strength steadily as more and more of this swirling system moves from being over ocean to being over land .	3	Finite
And if the Dursleys were unhappy to have him back for the holidays , it was nothing to how Harry felt .	4	Finite
I ventured to hint that the Company was run for profit .	7	Finite
Only a fool would base a decision using the cheapest surgeon to perform an operation .	3	Finite
After all she will only be a baby for so long I figure why not enjoy it .	12	Finite
The conniving and wrangling over wills and inheritances reflect the expertise gained by the author as a young law clerk .	8	Finite
She is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out .	13	Finite
I am going to try and study aboard but idk where I can go I can not decide where do you think would be the best place to go ?	9	Finite
But Ukraine will need outside assistance that only the EU can provide :	10	Finite
It knows that you are there .	4	Finite
We are from Virginia and just moved here a year ago .	1	Finite
The Chair has already stated that the proposal was made in accordance with the Rules , so there are no grounds for changing anything .	4	Finite
An international contest of cartoons on the Holocaust opened in Tehran in response to the publication in Western papers last September of caricatures of the Prophet Mohammed .	8	Finite
The content of these sessions should enable them to provide services to researchers and students , identify remaining gaps in knowledge or skills that they could address by self-directed learning and ( perhaps ) to automate their daily library work .	5	Finite
Higher male secondary school enrollment , per capita income and economic growth rate all had significant effects on reducing the chance of civil war .	14	Finite
Another senior Al Qaeda member ( a shura or policy - making council member no less ) was working for the Egyptian intelligence services and he confirmed the report in a sworn lengthy confession .	26	Finite
When she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney .	22	Nonfinite
If you must use them , be vigilant and be ready to push , if you can go elsewhere then I would .	17	Nonfinite
My room was delightful and the attention to detail was amazing .	9	Finite
In principle , I believe that in many cases where transport is concerned we should be working towards increased flexibility and country - specific rules .	14	Finite
We piled enormous amounts of pollution into the air and into the water .	1	Finite
You 'll find practical ways of increasing your effectiveness in the world by gaining new skills that allow you to live more abundantly .	17	Finite
I found the office to be very clean and professional - looking .	5	Nonfinite
If it 's inherently negative , then they 're either over-zealous , ignorant of other people or what to avoid those that contradict their fantasy land that caters to them and them only .	8	Finite
" Prompted I think by the Tom Cruise video , a new obsession is taking hold on the internet . An insurgency against The Church of Scientology . " Anonymous blogger , " Anon declares war on Church of Scientology "	13	Finite
So best advice is to go to the C&IC website and click " contact us " - http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/index.asp	3	Finite
This was a risk that we had but we did have assurances from Phillips regarding performance .	9	Finite
I ca n't remember if you guys could do it or not .	3	Nonfinite
I realize that it may sound strange , but we are desparate in our efforts and are willing to try anything to help our dear sick friend .	1	Finite
Even if you do not have a cat , you can use used kitty litter to deter mice .	16	Nonfinite
I did n't want any more loitering in the shade , and I made haste towards the station .	3	Nonfinite
5 - Percentage of the world 's population that is American .	9	Finite
Mr Cox , Mr Hänsch , would this be acceptable to you ?	8	Nonfinite
We had an inside cabin and it is what I would recommend .	1	Finite
I suppose we said many times we 'd come back when they got their independence .	1	Finite
On September 29 , Scientology officials went to the East Los Angeles sheriff 's station where they claimed Montalvo allegedly left the organization with computer hard drives .	20	Finite
He was a seaman , but he was a wanderer , too , while most seamen lead , if one may so express it , a sedentary life .	7	Finite
I highly recommend that you do not use coiled / compact UVB bulbs as they are known to cause severe eye damage and / or blindness in reptiles not to mention they have trouble maintaining UVB output over time .	15	Finite
What she ’s saying and what she ’s doing , it — actually , it ’s unbelievable .	15	Finite
Attached are all live financial deals by risk type .	1	Finite
It is important to recognize that the specific format of the east-west numbered street names is West / East 71st Street North / South .	15	Finite
We will try to complete the I/C with the earliest in - service date possible , but with conditions as they are , a realistic date would be June 15 , 2002 .	26	Finite
The North Carolina Constitution likewise affirms the “ inalienable rights ” of human beings to " life , liberty , the enjoyment of the fruits of their own labor , and the pursuit of happiness . "	5	Finite
Madam President , can you tell me why this Parliament does not adhere to the health and safety legislation that it actually passes ?	5	Nonfinite
Some schools may have students wear the same thing and others may just require any type of leotard and tights and sometimes ballet skirts .	11	Finite
for the past few days she has been shivering and wo nt eat but she could walk now her hid legs are not working but she is back to her self .. what should i do .?	16	Nonfinite
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament adjourned on Friday 17 December 1999 , and I would like once again to wish you a happy new year in the hope that you enjoyed a pleasant festive period .	23	Nonfinite
prime ribs have very good food but it s super expensive	8	Finite
I googled Garage Door Repair in Woodinville and found NDI - Johnette answered the phone and was oh - so pleasant and helpful !	1	Finite
You can see different treatments that a surgeon ca n't see , so that you can have several treatment options before you decide what to do .	15	Finite
The Arab Revolt which began in 1916 turned the tide against the Ottomans on the Middle Eastern front , where they initially seemed to have the upper hand during the first two years of the war .	24	Nonfinite
I do n't know where the hell he may be .	1	Finite
We regret this and reaffirm our commitment to inform Parliament of all important agency decisions that have a financial impact .	16	Finite
We shall proceed to vote on the PPE - DE Group 's request that the oral question regarding the capital tax be withdrawn from the agenda .	21	Finite
By " sample return " of course I mean a mission that brings back extraterrestrial material .	12	Finite
I expect that many of the displaced people ( those affluent and those not ) will remain in the places they were evacuated to .	21	Finite
Take care and hope to hear from you soon .	5	Nonfinite
But Ukraine will need outside assistance that only the EU can provide :	2	Finite
Hope you will be sorted .	2	Finite
He was referred to me by a friend , who did n't have the best experience with Ted , but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end .	20	Finite
" I 'm going to jail either way , hope it was worth it . "	11	Finite
Also , while travelling ask people where they 've been and if they have any hotel recommendations .	8	Finite
i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side .	10	Finite
We do n't want a knot in your tongue after speaking to your friends .	3	Nonfinite
Ben Taub hospital is located at 1504 Taub Loop , Houston , Texas , phone number : 713-793-2000 .?	3	Finite
There are only about 850 wolves in the West , but there are an estimated 31,000 mountain lions .	12	Finite
He could suggest to Virginia Stillman that she get an unlisted telephone number .	8	Finite
Everyone was pleasant and very helpful .	1	Finite
I think he left the Nail out of the shoe as a excuse to come back and see you hey he may be your Prince charming ..	14	Nonfinite
For anyone who wants to see the capital in all its glory , November 's a great time to go .	14	Finite
it s for a craft project ..... i want to use it the way u would use icing ....	10	Nonfinite
What is the best place to get discounts for San Francisco restaurants ?	1	Finite
For one thing is clear :	3	Finite
In late September 2001 , it was announced that the President was seeking a blanket waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in connection with pursuing the militant islamists .	17	Finite
You can also go to Porte d'Enfer , a beautiful still stripe of sea between a scenery of reefs .	3	Nonfinite
Office 2002 site license ( user does n't have Office 2002 installed on computer , but user 's organization has an enterprise or site license agreement )	6	Finite
He was friends with Théophile Gautier and Pierre - Marie - Charles De Bernard du Grail De La Villette , and he knew Victor Hugo .	1	Finite
In addition , we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer .	13	Nonfinite
ReportML is a " language " developed by Microsoft and specific to Access which can be used to describe Access database objects in XML .	1	Finite
Now I 'm able to play the piano pretty well .	2	Finite
I 'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow .	1	Finite
It does n't matter how graceful your horse is , or how high he can jump , or how well he does a sliding stop .	8	Finite
I may try to run out and take the test this afternoon while I get moved to 30 ( I better not fail it ) .	7	Nonfinite
If you want to make changes to the design of the resulting page , you can open the page in Design view and make any changes you want .	2	Finite
It passes the time , I guess .	1	Finite
WHO say Iodine deficiency is the world ’s most prevalent , yet easily preventable , cause of brain damage .	4	Finite
In the interview , Herrick explains what wikiHow is , why he decided to create it , how he grew it in size , and why he chose to use a Creative Commons license ( HyperLink ) for his site .	5	Finite
These North African and Oriental immigrants are blamed for bringing a baksheesh mentality to Israel ; the intellectuals are blamed for letting the quality of life ( a deplorable phrase ) deteriorate .	18	Finite
In the fuss to find somewhere to sit he saw the light of the fire under the spit running along the shiny planes of the woman 's face as it did on glasses and the movement of knives and forks .	7	Nonfinite
All you have to do is become a member and watch your earnings grow !	10	Nonfinite
As we go up into the Via Dolorosa , we hear an exciting jingle .	2	Finite
How Would You Like To Know How YOU Can Live In A Beautiful NEW House That Is Custom - Designed To YOUR Specifications ......... And At NO COST To You ?	3	Nonfinite
I – I mean , he faltered as sparks flew from Mrs Weasley 's eyes , that – that was very wrong , boys – very wrong indeed	3	Finite
My pup has a wonderful temperment and has been a wonderful addition to my family !	2	Finite
Those included Drew Cass , Devin Thurlow , people like that .	1	Finite
Let s try before Fri , as I am planning to take that day off	8	Finite
Boxes should be marked " Fragile " and " This side up " to prevent mishandling .	14	Nonfinite
Ye$ you can Text in CANADA to the U$ on a U$ number .	3	Nonfinite
My neck is fixed !.	2	Finite
But if you have to do it by keeping that forty years or whatever sitting at the table with you and your children ... ach , it 's not healthy , it makes me sick .	27	Finite
Nida retired in the early 1980s , although he continued to give lectures in universities all around the world , and lived in Alpine , Arizona , USA ; Madrid , Spain and Brussels , Belgium .	1	Finite
I will be looking for one or more of the following .	1	Finite
Think I should do it ?	0	Nonfinite
So I say you should go for the more updated Nook Tablet .	4	Finite
Islamabad accuses New Delhi of using its consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train Balochi insurgents who are active in Pakistani Balochistan .	17	Finite
Seriously : do not waste your time .	2	Finite
Write down a list of everything you are packing , in particular if it 's valuable .	0	Nonfinite
There should be a Pixel Mapping function in the menu that will get rid of them , most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels , some only show up on long exposures .	1	Finite
I want to ask him why it was n't printed .	1	Finite
Little did I know that I would soon be needing her help as well !	6	Finite
So , let us take the gloves off .	4	Nonfinite
I have purchased over 15 vehicles ( cars , rvs , and boats ) in my lifetime and I have to say the experience with Michael and Barrett Motor Cars of San Antonio was one of the best .	33	Finite
houston wo n't be too affected b/c most of the layoffs affect satelite offices .	1	Finite
National superstores ( Walmart ) will let you walk the store for boxes when they are stocking the stores between 11 pm and 1 am .	15	Finite
I 'm a little afraid when i buy PS3 or X - BOX then a newer version comes out .	1	Finite
And that 's the way the greatest bear market since the Depression worked its way down .	12	Finite
Secondly , the enchladas did not come with enchilada sauce .. but chili ... like Hormel 's chili .. the cheese was American cheese !	4	Finite
He remembered having read somewhere that the eyes were the one feature of the face that never changed .	1	Finite
After Hamlet , Shakespeare varied his poetic style further , particularly in the more emotional passages of the late tragedies .	4	Finite
It was 4:50 when a friend told me to call Bud , he would take care of me .	13	Finite
The US has strongly opposed a nuclear weapons program of Iran , yet Israel , which to this day has never officially said that they posses nuclear weapons , ranks around fifth in nuclear strength .	2	Finite
They 're fit and healthy and their care is suitable .	1	Finite
Today , Ukraine needs a modern-day equivalent of the Marshall Plan , by which the United States helped to reconstruct Europe after World War II .	3	Finite
John , Per and I discussed the hostile environment issue and we are both concerned that we may have some repercussions .	18	Nonfinite
Will be getting a copy of the blood results the owner has already ran as well .	0	Finite
The difference is when the cat hisses , that means they are annoyed and they want the other cat to go away .	2	Finite
Was it some kind of literary thing you wanted to talk about ? Auster began .	0	Finite
If she is nicer when you are alone I 'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend .	23	Finite
Your career opportunities will expand exponentially , and you 're likely to change jobs or positions this year .	12	Nonfinite
Yo mama `s so fat , she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth .	2	Finite
Make an ultimate to-do list for this single project , and have it placed somewhere you will see it on a regular basis .	17	Nonfinite
As he crossed 112th Street , he saw that the Heights Luncheonette was still open and decided to go in .	16	Finite
Ice the cupcakes .	0	Nonfinite
If it 's inherently negative , then they 're either over-zealous , ignorant of other people or what to avoid those that contradict their fantasy land that caters to them and them only .	2	Finite
I ended up going to the Centre for Social Evolution at the University of Copenhagen where I did a project on learning in Ants under supervision of Prof. Patrizia d'Ettorre .	1	Finite
Then an engine man from the Balkans said , " In our village we nailed owls to the church door when we caught them . "	14	Finite
You 've still got to get country people to realize that these functions are now distributed among various agencies :	5	Nonfinite
I highlight the relevant skills in the summary .	1	Finite
" What was wanted was an elite to underpin the rulers , themselves in turn supported and buttressed by a population which presumably understood , approved , and legitimated the aims of such an elite .	4	Finite
The paper-type twist ties will deteriorate a little , but the dryer filter screen will catch the fallout .	4	Finite
Now truck fenders are rusting there , the twentieth century adding its crumbling metal to the great Jerusalem dust mixture .	3	Finite
You won't see this section if you 've already added a security question to your account .	2	Nonfinite
But in a break from his past rhetoric about curtailing immigration , the GOP nominee proclaimed that as president he would allow “ tremendous numbers ” of legal immigrants based on a “ merit system . ”	15	Finite
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	13	Finite
The questions answered previously referred to Mrs De Palacio 's intervention , on another occasion , and not to these comments which appeared in the Abc newspaper on 18 November .	4	Finite
Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated .	10	Nonfinite
No , but I do believe some Koreans reside in the country of HA - ha !	4	Finite
figure out how many stalls you want , then measure square cube sections for length and width of horse ,	0	Finite
He had even imagined the conversation that would follow : he , suavely diffident as the stranger praised the book , and then , with great reluctance and modesty , agreeing to autograph the title page , since you insist .	1	Finite
Quinn spoke in the politest tone he could muster . Were you expecting someone else ?	8	Nonfinite
We were having a major problem in maintaining cash .	1	Finite
A kibbutznik seaman , he has just returned from a voyage .	7	Finite
Roland Dando said we probably should be seeing you at the Rhino .	2	Finite
If you feed him too many he could just not be hungry .	10	Nonfinite
Nicholas Rowe , Shakespeare 's first biographer , recounted a Stratford legend that Shakespeare fled the town for London to escape prosecution for deer poaching in the estate of local squire Thomas Lucy .	20	Nonfinite
He never gave that secret away .	2	Finite
Pay extra attention to the appetizers - the next time I go there I 'm planning on ordered a few instead of an entree .	0	Finite
The staff will not even answer the phone for take out .	2	Finite
Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources i ve been looking at ?	0	Finite
I have used these guys for new snows , fixing lots of flats , used replacement tires , and oil changes .	1	Finite
Blue Planet : Who 's afraid of Big Bad Wolf ?	4	Finite
I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what 's the point ?	2	Finite
This place offers a great manicure and pedicure .	2	Finite
The conference will review the parameters of these challenges and possible solutions to them .	3	Nonfinite
My brother was a runner and they used to call him The Birdman -- Birdie -- and they called me The Poet .	18	Finite
When was Miramar founded ?	1	Finite
It 's also got the website where the song has been uploaded .	1	Finite
We 'll have four bands , and Big D is cookin' ..... lots of fun and great prizes .	1	Finite
Freshly cooked quinoa should be served immediately to retain nutritional value and a good flavor .	8	Nonfinite
I was ashamed to be in friendship with girls ... until I undrstood that it 's not seakness as well as women wearing men 's pants is n't seak :)	1	Finite
If you want to help , please send them to everyone you know who needs to read them .	7	Finite
She recommended products but absolutely did n't pressure me to buy .	5	Finite
See the http://officeupdate.microsoft.com/ , Microsoft Developer Network Web site for more information on TSQL .	0	Finite
And I 'll be instructing the State Prosecutor to act when I 'd rather not , too .	9	Nonfinite
I have to tell you that I have n't had one and do n't want one .	14	Nonfinite
Finally I descended the hill , obliquely , towards the trees I had seen .	12	Finite
They 'll dissolve in an hour instead of a day .	1	Finite
An hour later , as he climbed from the number 4 bus at 70th Street and Fifth Avenue , he still had not answered the question .	6	Finite
Brought my wife Deb with me and she like the Fried Crab Wontons and said they were good ..	14	Finite
She fell in love with him right away , not knowing that , at 31 , he had a reputation as a womanizer .	17	Finite
That technological effort would be penalised and competitiveness on the international field jeopardised .	3	Finite
He traveled under an alias and was accompanied by a former US Army sergeant named Ali Mohammed .	6	Finite
Are you using the " SPRDOPT " Exotic Options function to value the option ?	11	Nonfinite
That is in fact the point of departure we have chosen here and I am very glad all this has been properly understood .	9	Finite
Arctic summer sea ice will decline by 50 percent by the end of the 21st century , the assessment found , with some models predicting complete disappearance of summer sea ice .	5	Nonfinite
But there are a few facts that we must face .	9	Nonfinite
Synergies between this Directive and the existing Community instruments should contribute to increasing their respective impacts and building coherent requirements for manufacturers to apply .	10	Nonfinite
It 's a book of opening , Overtures I called it , and there is no end to the stories .	14	Finite
Is there any question ?	0	Finite
DNA is the only way to test this .	6	Nonfinite
I know it s in the wrong catagory , but still , I wrote this question for a reason , not for you to critisize me .	13	Finite
I am going to give it one last chance in next few months and see ??	1	Finite
Overall , it is very family oriented , and I recommend it to everyone !!!	3	Finite
Their first king was Mojmír I ( ruled 830 – 846 ) .	7	Finite
And there we are , Kissinger has entirely wrecked Russia 's Middle East policy and the Pope is about to swap the Vatican for the Kremlin .	6	Finite
When Baptist Pastor Stephen Jones talks about what makes for a happy marriage with Janice , his wife of 35 years , one special ingredient might surprise you : Double - dating with coupled friends who happen to be gay .	8	Finite
The traditional greeting known as the wai , where you press your hands together as is in prayer and bow slightly , is derived from the Hindu cultural influence from India , and still widely practised .	22	Finite
I will never come here again .	3	Nonfinite
Zenghelis described her as the most outstanding pupil he ever taught .	1	Finite
The Quineys had three children , all of whom died without marrying .	9	Finite
Tape the bottom of the box securely so that it does n't give way .	12	Nonfinite
As with all new year celebrations in Taiwan , the lantern festival is crowded .	12	Finite
He takes it apart , puts spells on it and puts it back together again .	5	Finite
In most cases , our address is composed of conventional first name and last name plus @paulhastings.com .	6	Finite
Paris was born in Switzerland but her parents moved her to the United Kingdom when she was six so they could be closer to the church 's headquarters .	8	Finite
I never got a price quote over the phone and they take your cc info just to make the appointment because if you do n't show up , they 'll charge you .	30	Nonfinite
Then I remembered there was a big concern , a Company for trade on that river .	2	Finite
( 29 ) It is in the interest of the functioning of the internal market to have standards which have been harmonised at Community level .	4	Finite
Basil does best in well-drained soil , and should not be subjected to standing water .	1	Finite
Below are some emails to friends explaining a little more about this effort .	1	Finite
you know that both o'neal and matt are out ?	1	Finite
Nor can you attain the true solitude that is a condition and prerequisite of creation , the source and its strength .	1	Finite
After all , the volume of production could not possibly expand enough to reemploy everyone who lost their job as a handloom weaver as a machine - minder or a carpet - seller , could it ?	7	Finite
This has led to the adoption of a common position on Burma and the withdrawal of GSP benefits .	1	Finite
The debris formed a ring around the Earth 's equator and was eventually drawn together by gravity to form the moon .	11	Finite
Do n't even get me started on how expensive it is to drink there .	12	Nonfinite
by the way , buy it now b/c it is going to 100 by year end .	4	Finite
He ministered for a short time among the Tarahumara Indians in Chihuahua , Mexico , until health problems due to an inadequate diet and the high altitude forced him to leave .	30	Nonfinite
See attached spreadsheet .	0	Finite
Women who have completed secondary or tertiary education are more likely to enter and remain in the labor market than their less educated counterparts .	2	Finite
He 's always like " ohh you must be so happy to finally have yours , I wish I had mine ! " and he is n't even joking .	8	Nonfinite
“ Superheroes are outside of human experience and so is this , so I treated it like a drama , ” Zimmer says .	22	Finite
If you want to make changes to the design of the resulting page , you can open the page in Design view and make any changes you want .	16	Nonfinite
It suggested a talent for daily organization that filled Carroll 's heart with admiration and lust .	8	Finite
Additionally , when there was confusion ( my fault ) , they left me flowers along with a personalized gift .	12	Finite
They already are altering their patterns of behavior in response to what is happening .	12	Finite
i would n't bother with yoga i 'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem , ride bareback , with no irons , there s also a way to ride on your knees ?	30	Nonfinite
Our government has negotiated a standby loan agreement with the International Monetary Fund that will give us some of the tools that we need to get our financial and economic house in order .	15	Nonfinite
Sure you can apply .	3	Nonfinite
It suddenly did not seem to matter anymore .	4	Nonfinite
I 'll try to get back to you pronto .	1	Finite
The Moldovan airline is Aerocom , and yes , it 's one of Victor Bout 's .	10	Finite
By and by I open a paperback and try to lose myself in mere politics .	8	Finite
The 1.25 million people who have been housed in stadiums and convention centers across Texas will begin to populate Houston , Dallas , San Antonio and Galveston , and the surrounding areas .	18	Nonfinite
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .	18	Finite
This town needs some food soul and this is not it .	2	Finite
Please disregard and destroy the form you received on July 2 , as well as any blank forms retrieved from the PEP system prior to that date .	1	Finite
There were light bulbs representing the stars and line drawings of the celestial figures .	1	Finite
They 're guaranteed to be light and fluffy and perfect for any occasion .	1	Finite
you will need to get his box and bowls , and whatever blanket and toys are his , and smell like home , and put him in a room .	19	Finite
But nothing can be done about that . No . About that . No , no . Not anymore .	2	Finite
I would encourage anyone who is thinking of back surgery , to talk about different treatment options first with Dr. de Barros .	2	Nonfinite
I 'm going on a trip to Europe soon , and I need to find a good , quality raincoat .	1	Finite
You just want to be sure you can groom and saddle sufficiently and the horse itself is calm enough so that whatever size it is , you can handle it .	8	Nonfinite
They said he had caused the fire in some way ; be that as it may , he was screeching most horribly .	18	Finite
I launched LibriVox , emailed some friends and some podcasters who where doing literary stuff , and invited them to record a chapter of Joseph Conrad 's Secret Agent .	11	Finite
Sun. Oct. 1 - Paris to London in afternoon - probably by Eurostar train - ( arrv. London late afternoon )	16	Nonfinite
Firstly , the other reviewer clearly has never been to Nick 's , or he would know that Nick only charges $ 13 for a haircut which is pretty much industry standard .	15	Finite
The girl shrugged . I 've read better and I 've read worse .	2	Finite
Earlier , Kerry said , “ Just because you get an honorable discharge does not , in fact , answer that question . ”	9	Finite
the attitude of some staff is terrible , did not solve anything only say i can do nothing .	15	Finite
We have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as AT&T , Duke Energy , Pitney Bowes and Daimler Chrysler , and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts .?	1	Finite
And then the horror of it all hit me and I said , “ Sonia , up ! ”	7	Finite
And what did we expect ... that he bench test every part .	2	Finite
The bravest of modern writers are the Mandelstams and the Sinyavskys .	5	Finite
If democracy is just free elections , it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected , the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory .	16	Nonfinite
The current system tends to reinforce gender roles , encouraging children to follow culturally framed paths , instead of nurturing their individual interests and potential .	5	Nonfinite
I do n't want to waste my time on routes set for children , but I do n't want to take on something I ca n't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion .	16	Finite
Microsoft says that the latest versions of Internet Explorer provide the user with enhanced protection from these attacks and threats .	1	Finite
We went in for a third visit and they fixed it again , but this time when we picked up the car , the radio and clock did not work .	29	Nonfinite
A restaurant with this many patrons willing to stand in line just to order tacos must be good , right ?	16	Nonfinite
Check out the Guild Wars Web site at for more info about the game .	0	Finite
according to the vet , he is healthy and looks good .	6	Finite
I would be interested in hearing what conclusions you reached and what you found that was most convincing .	9	Finite
They are certainly being nasty to the United Nations Security Council in connection with the anti-proliferation treaty .	1	Finite
You can apply a filter to a series or category field to show the top or bottom n items based on a total .	12	Nonfinite
He tried to enforce strict impartiality in its pages and a reasoned assessment of various ideologies .	3	Nonfinite
The exception is the appearance of his name in the ' complaints bill ' of a law case before the Queen 's Bench court at Westminster dated Michaelmas Term 1588 and 9 October 1589 .	26	Finite
I 'll show you .	2	Nonfinite
After firing this company my next pool service found the filters had not been cleaned as they should have been .	18	Nonfinite
Have distributed to Western GA team ( plus Steffes ) for comment and thought you may have some , too .	15	Finite
But the cynicism declined as his oeuvre progressed , and the characters of Illusions Perdues reveal sympathy for those who are pushed to one side by society .	24	Finite
The food 's okay , but the price is outrageous .	2	Finite
The soup was stone cold , but he drank half of it in one gulp .	8	Finite
Now get 6 U.S. $ 1.00 bills and place ONE inside of EACH of the six pieces of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope ( to prevent thievery ) .	24	Nonfinite
They do make a host of florescent proteins , and these may interact with the light of the ROV to give that gorgeous glow .	20	Nonfinite
I hope they will be rejected because they are really the epitome of what Parliament is not able to do .	3	Finite
Most versions in English are called The Chemical Wedding of Christian Rosencreutz , which suggests ( and most people who ’ve heard of it suppose ) that the wedding is Christian ’s .	29	Finite
That way , you can easily stack boxes on top of one another .	6	Nonfinite
try to train him to heel , which means to walk round you before he needs to go on a leash , and he may do that .	5	Nonfinite
Please be advised that I have set the call as follows :	10	Finite
$ 120 b - Amount the war and its aftermath are projected to cost for the 2004 fiscal year .	10	Finite
They have to make a stronger commitment to rail .	3	Nonfinite
Her head swings around , from Renata to me to the doctor and then back to Renata .	2	Finite
Paris was born in Switzerland but her parents moved her to the United Kingdom when she was six so they could be closer to the church 's headquarters .	16	Finite
We even arrived 10 minutes early as the website suggests .	9	Finite
John , Per and I discussed the hostile environment issue and we are both concerned that we may have some repercussions .	12	Finite
I can print it here , initial it , and fax it to whomever you want .	1	Finite
I had immense pain on a Sunday morning , with friends and family telling me that I would never find a Dentist on a Sunday .	17	Finite
Fungi don't like to rot from bacteria , and so our best antibiotics come from fungi .	4	Nonfinite
" If Donald Trump becomes president , the government here will still have to work with him to advance whatever shared agenda there is , to ensure that Canadian businesses and interests are represented in Washington . "	23	Finite
In the standing photo ( from the front ) there is a corner of a rug creeping in , some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord .	30	Finite
How come no one bothers to ask any questions in this section ?	6	Nonfinite
I ordered 1000 postcards , we normally order 5000 or more .	1	Finite
Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .	15	Finite
We would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on our home .	11	Finite
Deciding to pursue drama , Winstone enrolled at the Corona Stage Academy in Hammersmith .	2	Nonfinite
We do everything backwards here .	1	Finite
I do n't understand , what do you mean by " log in an email " ?	8	Nonfinite
I look downward toward the Dead Sea , over broken rocks and small houses with bulbous roofs .	1	Finite
English is the dominant language in Phoenix .	1	Finite
The study focuses on ozone-temperature covariation : ground-level ozone increases with temperatures .	2	Finite
I wish I had the capital to open my own shop ?	3	Finite
I interrupted him by saying I had heard of Mr. Kurtz on the coast .	7	Finite
If his Democrat opponent were to be elected , he assured that she would be ' under investigation for years ' .	4	Finite
This will give it time to absorb any moisture that might still be in the pan .	10	Finite
In theory , market - determined currency values are supposed to isolate the domestic economy from the vagaries of international finance , rising when money floods in and falling when the flows are reversed .	32	Finite
Yep , we like to just make our own original content , and , yep , that 's what we wanted to do .	20	Finite
remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it , and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time .	9	Nonfinite
" No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked .	3	Finite
As a result , your finances improve - and your newfound confidence could attract new love into your life .	13	Nonfinite
Undersecretary for Education Mr. Toccafondi says " many schools will increase their fees or they will quit . Then the State will have to find new resources to build new structures and manage them " ( ( it ) ) .	21	Finite
We are hopeful that we can post the complaint to the UCAN web site later today .	6	Nonfinite
There are groups which express the symmetry of some structures .	4	Finite
Sure , some items are a little pricey , but c'm on ... have you ever been out to eat in Seattle before ?	10	Finite
Workers who do these introductions look at the interaction objectively ; and it 's good to see they are able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem .	5	Finite
Projects have to be carried out more efficiently , more flexibly and they have to be made more productive .	1	Finite
" He wrote with admiration of Balzac 's attempt to portray in writing " a beast with a hundred claws .	2	Finite
Why not wait for him in a sexy dress with lunch or dinner , or a light snack at his house .	2	Nonfinite
A bit pricey , so I did n't go very often , but it was always a treat when I did .	20	Finite
Struggling against the currents of human nature and society , they may lose more often than they win - but only rarely do they give up .	17	Finite
This type of drop area is not displayed for single charts .	3	Nonfinite
Our experience of art develops from the interaction of several cognitive and affective processes ; the beginning of which is a visual scan of the artwork .	4	Finite
Once we get the word from Lavo we 'll let you know .	11	Nonfinite
That was the day that GOD 'S CURSE fell upon the world of Rock .	8	Finite
Where and to whom do you want it faxed ?	6	Nonfinite
I was a prospect , an exotic prospect in old tennis shoes and a sweatshirt .	1	Finite
There are no understandings , agreements or representations with respect to the Work not specified here .	1	Finite
Let me know if you have any questions .	5	Finite
As time went on , I came out with books and CDs , and I became used to that kind of thing .	15	Finite
Alright , so my dad had been wanting me to check my e mail for a few days but I never got around to it .	5	Finite
And , despite a disconcerting fall in labor 's share of income in recent decades , the long-run picture still defies Marx 's prediction that capitalism would prove immiserating for workers .	26	Finite
I always went my own road and on my own legs where I had a mind to go .	13	Finite
One felt this to be his unalterable conviction .	1	Finite
Oglethorpe over paid their invoice every month .	2	Finite
Where there had been only one beaver colony in the park 's northern range before the wolves returned , now there are nine .	2	Finite
extend the time he is out each day , but for the first month , always put him in his room at night , so he feels safe to sleep .	29	Nonfinite
If we are covered , then was it necessary to register EnronOnline ?	2	Finite
However , do not purchase tickets until it is a done deal - a lesson I learned following the Ark game last season .	16	Finite
The Rev. Gerald Robinson appeared stony - faced as the jury 's guilty verdict was read , and he blinked repeatedly and glanced at his lawyers before being led away in handcuffs .	19	Finite
It 's a book of opening , Overtures I called it , and there is no end to the stories .	1	Finite
He had made it to the third or fourth paragraph when the man turned slowly toward him , gave him a vicious stare , and jerked the paper out of view .	13	Finite
Do you know what a physicist is ?	0	Finite
It 's nice to see that even in the economy we can eat a place that has upscale service , amazing atmosphere , and Incredible food , but not break the bank while enjoying it !	12	Nonfinite
The novel concerns Lucien De Rubempré , a young poet trying to make a name for himself , who becomes trapped in the morass of society 's darkest contradictions .	12	Nonfinite
A fundamental change in working principles was brought about by Scotsman James Watt .	6	Finite
Secondly , the origin rules applicable to imports to third countries from the Community are still based on individual Member States .	14	Finite
Kaoshikii can be danced for as many rounds as you like .	2	Nonfinite
A warm , gentle breeze swirls around your body and relaxes you even more .	5	Finite
But they can at least lay booby - traps to confuse and deter – a concept known as “ active defence ” .	2	Finite
The man seemed surprised to find a stranger standing before him .	2	Finite
Besides being a murderer , John Lennon had sexual intercourse with homosexual Brian Epstein to get him interested in going to see the band at the Cavern , trauma from which he never recovered .	15	Nonfinite
This License may not be modified without the mutual written agreement of the Licensor and You .	4	Nonfinite
Always let the soil dry before you water the cuttings .	7	Finite
Professor Eastman says manufacturers could easily remedy the situation by using iodised salt in their products in line with the United States and most European countries .	6	Nonfinite
I had other projects in the queue that I needed to finish .	11	Nonfinite
I wo n't find out until Monday .	1	Finite
Notice Regarding Privacy and Confidentiality : PaineWebber reserves the right to monitor and review the content of all e-mail communications sent and / or received by its employees .	7	Finite
Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end , Gemini , and now you 're going to start reaping the rewards these " lessons " have left in their wake .	24	Nonfinite
She seemed to know all about them and about me too .	1	Finite
Incitement by Arab TV , accompanied by horror pictures of mutilated bodies , has become a powerful weapon of those who lie , distort and want to destroy everything .	27	Nonfinite
But as I stood on this hillside , I foresaw that in the blinding sunshine of that land I would become acquainted with a flabby , pretending , weak-eyed devil of a rapacious and pitiless folly .	19	Finite
It was very upsetting to see this kind of behavior especially in front of my four year old .	1	Finite
You should give her a try - it 's worth every penny to know that you pet is in GREAT hands with Wunderbar pet sitting !!!!	13	Nonfinite
But before you fight and win , by force or otherwise , you have to realize that you are in a war , and this may take Europe a few more years .	18	Finite
" But do n't Americans know that Sadat was a Nazi ? " the librarian says .	5	Nonfinite
Whoever wins election on November 5 , 2013 , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .	10	Nonfinite
On the issue of the contracts , the draft says that the $ 170 m is paid when the EPC contract is signed .	21	Finite
Even when he robbed Dostoevski , he pitied him as one might " a little cherub-like child . "	11	Finite
But it is now official .	2	Finite
So do n't get taken in , keep your eyes open if you choose to shop here .	7	Finite
My Presidential qualifications are rooted in my service as an Officer in the United States Air Force .	3	Finite
Mr Weasley liked Harry to sit next to him at the dinner table so that he could bombard him with questions about life with Muggles , asking him to explain how things like plugs and the postal service worked .	2	Finite
Have both of the teams turn around and have the referee throw it into the grass or pitch while the teams are n't looking .	11	Nonfinite
My father heard it , too , but he pretended not to , at least he did n’t turn his head .	9	Finite
I 'll send it as soon as you resond wether I should or not .	1	Finite
They can cause property damage , create a mess , and produce unpleasant smells .	6	Nonfinite
The papers found at headquarters of the Mukhabarat , Iraq 's secret police , show that an entourage from Al Qaeda group was sent to the Iraqi capital in March 1998 from Sudan .	14	Finite
" Another generation of heavy metal has taken over , and -- sorry -- it ai n't just about strippers and dope .	6	Finite
This overall favourable situation is the result of a long preparation at both legislative and institutional level and demonstrates the high level of cooperation achieved in EU and at international level .	4	Finite
Can you tell the free world just what enabled women here to achieve this reversal of roles ? "	12	Nonfinite
The creature slipped off the bed and bowed so low that the end of its long thin nose touched the carpet .	18	Finite
for the past few days she has been shivering and wo nt eat but she could walk now her hid legs are not working but she is back to her self .. what should i do .?	33	Finite
When they are just jumping at each other and their tails are wagging that means that they are playing .	14	Finite
If you are not the intended recipient , you must not read , use or disseminate the information .	9	Finite
Spain had expelled its Sephardic population in 1492 ; many of these Spanish Jews left Spain for Portugal but eventually were targeted there as well .	14	Finite
You can also try practicing in front of a sympathetic friend or family member once you ’re ready for a “ real ” audience .	3	Nonfinite
The BBC 's Alastair Leithead in New Orleans says there is panic as vital supplies run out .	15	Finite
I thought it would be a good idea to see how a few that I liked would look like on a model ( by looking the dress up online ) .	4	Nonfinite
As it stands , MKM and I will probably bring it up with Sommer in OK City and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers .	19	Nonfinite
If you edit the ConnectionString property of a page that is linked to a connection file , the link will be broken and the ConnectionFile property will be set to null .	19	Finite
There are more magicians working today than ever before .	1	Finite
Throw on some old clothes or put a smock over clothes you want protected .	12	Finite
can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep. ireland and put a irish pay , go dongle in it ?	9	Nonfinite
Native mats covered the clay walls ; a collection of spears , assegais , shields , knives was hung up in trophies .	17	Finite
Vessels can call at the Chathams and there are a number of " safe " harbours for shelter if the need arises .	21	Finite
She was way easy to work with and made my wedding day so easy and she got some amazing pictures , not only of me , but of my family and friends .	5	Nonfinite
Where these adaptations are adopted after accession they may be applied as from the date of accession .	3	Finite
I also have a powerhead , getting another soon .	2	Finite
You can find all sorts of fresh food and get a really delicious , fresh sashimi / sushi lunch upstairs .	1	Finite
People want to learn more practical skills , and for the most part the internet does n't provide enough quality information yet .	15	Finite
He was a big supporter of You Know Who .	7	Finite
The countryside is very beautiful , especially if you have a few months ( or years ) to get to know the place .	2	Finite
Its management , however , has n't been devoid of criticism .	5	Finite
Separated and feed extremely nourishing stuff , they may produce more .	8	Finite
The " food " is believed to contain some of those	4	Finite
Overall , Joe is a happy camper who has found a great spot .	8	Finite
And this litttle gem of a 7 - table restaurant is a complete and utterly wonderful surprise .	10	Finite
I ask one of the hostesses when I may expect to receive a drink and she cries out in irritation , " Back to your seat ! "	11	Finite
Łódź today may not have the glitz and glamour of its heyday ; however , there is a certain charm to Łódź in its partially renovated façades and leitmotivs , not to mention its grand artistic traditions .	16	Finite
They want a program that will be a success , " Johnson - Freese said .	6	Nonfinite
I do n't know about the playstation situation but I do know that Microsoft has said they do n't see the Xbox 360 as being even halfway through its lifetime .	10	Finite
*** Mary Perkins - Could you forward the number of transactions and accounts .	4	Finite
It is important to recognize that the specific format of the east-west numbered street names is West / East 71st Street North / South .	1	Finite
Using the default SA account , users can access the SQL Server database through the Access project without any additional security requirements .	7	Finite
When they were 18 or 19 , many of them decided to come back to Iraq and fill the ranks of the youngest Mujahedeen generation .	2	Finite
Do you think we need to do more ?	0	Finite
To get away from the traffic snarl you could climb a nearby mountain and come down to a deserted beach , similar to the beach at Sdot Yam .	1	Nonfinite
Nacho Libre is suppose to be inspired in Mexicans , not in Argentineans .	5	Nonfinite
" My first thought was to push it away , " he said .	4	Finite
Harry looked up , hardly daring to believe it .	1	Finite
Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary ?	3	Nonfinite
The word ' ivory ' rang in the air , was whispered , was sighed .	5	Finite
They know their job and you do not have to watch them to be sure everything is done right .	8	Nonfinite
They have fresh flowers , lasted a long while in the vase , and the two ladies at the shop know the business well .	20	Finite
After its progress had stalled in the Billboard 200 at No. 96 , Thought 'Ya Knew climbed to No. 31 in the UK , but the album charted for only two weeks in the UK .	3	Finite
where can I get morcillas in tampa bay , I will like the argentinian type , but I will to try anothers please ?	20	Nonfinite
I thought I would have to wait until I went home to NYC .	6	Nonfinite
the guy came on time and did n't take any breaks , he went straight to work and finished the job efficiently and promptly !	6	Finite
We can not accept that situation . The first reading provided a remedy .	1	Finite
Do we have a sense for how many we can reach , how many we ca n't and where they are ?	0	Finite
If the weight is going into your heels ( it throws your leg forward ) put the stirrups up against the heel of your boot .	15	Nonfinite
I know when is eat-e chicken , I know when is eat-e beef .	8	Finite
Hopefully they spice things up or they wo nt be in business long .	7	Finite
The Ten Degree Channel divides the Andamans , which are the larger and more heavily populated northern islands , from the 20 or so Nicobar Islands in the south .	4	Finite
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be net tons ( 2000 lbs ) and the quantity shown shall be in net tons per month .	11	Nonfinite
He picked one up and saw that the pages had the narrow lines he preferred .	14	Finite
The document which had the stamp Protected B on every page detailed various security vulnerabilities of the NEMISIS database which is used by officers to track and prosecute environmental law-breakers .	27	Nonfinite
Click on the Security Question section and follow the onsite steps .	0	Finite
Might as well just hotpot the curb and rate the traffic light .	8	Nonfinite
The same week , the WTC head testified that while they had not received any briefing on the use of planes , they had taken steps to prepare for an attack using anthrax based on intelligence that had been received .	11	Finite
Other pro-Beijing elected were FTU 's Kwok Wai-keung and DAB 's Horace Cheung .	3	Finite
Next thing he wanted to know ' how long it would take to ' ...	10	Finite
Environment Minister John Baird has asked government officials how such documents that are supposed to be stored in " approved security cabinets " wound up on the street .	15	Nonfinite
I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions ( first Argentina ) and thought your expertise would be very helpful .	20	Finite
Please let me know if you are interested in any of these games .	6	Finite
The staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care my pup received was outstanding .	18	Finite
Remember to notify the local policeman , or Ministry of Fisheries officer if you are entering New Zealand via the Chathams .	0	Nonfinite
How do people look at and experience art ?	6	Finite
It will happen again , if the ground is not prepared very carefully .	8	Finite
What are good places to eat brunch at ? ?	1	Finite
I would like to have a meeting to go over the payment methodology .	8	Nonfinite
i have tried EVERYTHING i can to get him to eat but he refuses .	13	Finite
I would be interested in hearing what conclusions you reached and what you found that was most convincing .	1	Finite
Select your audience by location , age and interests .	0	Finite
Let him walk in and out for a few days .	0	Finite
Then , of course , there is the evidence the jury did not hear about in the Robinson case ...	13	Nonfinite
The Palestinian militant organisation Hamas has announced an end to rocket attacks on Israel from the Gaza Strip after a weekend of escalating violence .	5	Finite
We have done considerable research before coming to the conclusions before us tonight .	1	Finite
Full name of the father is : " Nguyen Thanh Luan " ===> Full name of the son / daughter certainly is " Nguyen .......... " , for instance , " Nguyen Thi Thuy Lan " .	21	Finite
I will never go back .	1	Finite
he will be freaked out , so going back to his territory will make him much happier .	1	Finite
Israel , which receives us impartially , is accustomed to strange arrivals .	3	Finite
Show All	0	Finite
A blinding sunlight drowned all this at times in a sudden recrudescence of glare .	3	Finite
Subsidies are not enough to ensure development when infrastructure and public services are lacking .	12	Finite
" Most striking is the disappointing performance of Soviet foreign and domestic policy since the late 1950s , " they wrote in 1972 .	3	Finite
The one guy who was there , I 'm guessing was the owner , was probably the least helpful person I 've ever met .	14	Finite
In the corner is a girl in a headscarf and jeans who looks so unassuming I think it ’s another assistant .	16	Finite
Drop by my house , I can get you some real cheap .	0	Finite
She maintained contact all round her as they danced , talking over his shoulder to this one , putting out a broad calloused brown foot in a gold sandal to nudge that one in the calf .	8	Finite
Please help !?	1	Finite
Kelly hit the nail on the head .	1	Finite
( I kind of see him to be for animal rights theory as Peter Singer is to the theory of utilitarianism applied to non-human animals ) .	4	Finite
As you sit above the world , the warmth of the golden sun penetrates your body and makes you feel warmer and warmer .	13	Finite
The authentic text is ' under certain conditions ' .	3	Finite
We had to throw out about 80 percent of our meals because the food tasted so horrible .	1	Finite
You can use the Import command ( point to Get External Data on the File menu ) to import XML data files into Access .	1	Finite
He would drink one for several months and then switch , for similar good reasons ( it was more digestible , it was less likely to produce an after-thirst ) to another .	26	Nonfinite
Took me a little longer to review and revise Adam 's first drafts than I had thought ( there 's a lot going on here , as you 'll see soon ) .	15	Finite
He refused to believe them and ordered the military to win the war within two to three years ( before the next election in 1968 ) .	1	Finite
I 've thought about you a few times in the last few months , did n't want to intrude upon an already bad situation with my bullshit questions .	16	Nonfinite
A page created using Microsoft Access 2000 must be converted before it can be used with Access 2002 .	7	Finite
I googled Garage Door Repair in Woodinville and found NDI - Johnette answered the phone and was oh - so pleasant and helpful !	12	Finite
In this view , America 's ingenuity represents its true comparative advantage , which others strive to imitate .	17	Nonfinite
When you have invasive surgery you could also get infections , accidental nicks and cuts that cause other problems too !	6	Finite
Do n't get the rooms off the two kitchens .	0	Nonfinite
He paused .	1	Finite
You will find elegant hotels , restaurants and malls in the northern part of the city .	2	Nonfinite
One of his last means of placing pressure on Hungary was the threat of imposing general and free elections .	10	Finite
Again , it was a good chance for me to get to know what I can do in this field and what I have to more focus on in school .	15	Finite
We have to have knowledge of the history of magic and what has been done before .	3	Nonfinite
Davis spokesman Steve Maviglio said the governor felt " betrayed " by the actions of Winter .	4	Finite
Please help with my cat s bladder issue ?	1	Finite
She was , however , reading a book , a paperback with a lurid cover , and Quinn leaned over ever so slightly to his right to catch a glimpse of the title .	27	Nonfinite
Israel 's security interests are best served by peace with its neighbors , which can only be achieved by trading land for peace with the Palestinians .	4	Finite
Anything that you want to put off but takes two minutes to do - do it .	8	Finite
" At the same time , the characters represent a particular range of social types :	8	Finite
But I got lucky because I qualified under another category to become a permanent resident .	6	Finite
The greeter said there was about 15 minutes waiting .	2	Finite
It is a lengthy day trip from Athens to visit Olympia , but quite interesting .	1	Finite
Our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the LC transferable .	11	Finite
Cut close to those tiny leaves , but be sure not to damage them .	12	Nonfinite
As a matter of fact , he was as not normal as it is possible to be .	13	Finite
They talk down to you like they are supreme beings , if you hate your job so much then quit !!	13	Finite
Dave is a patient and methodical teacher , who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students ' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take .	9	Finite
It 's not completely clear how much stress this hypnosis causes .	1	Finite
Should China decide to retaliate against the US to defend its oil and natural gas deal with Iran , the US would be faced with a significant threat .	0	Finite
You should fit them to where the drawstring is tied slightly loose .	8	Finite
It could look like almost the opposite : literature is kind of arts and mathematics is science but they also see a lot in common and there where mathematician who were writers .	27	Finite
Days away : Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 ( assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return )	11	Finite
NASA is looking to private companies to launch both supplies and astronauts to the International Space Station , it announced this week .	19	Finite
They want to use LTS to tie into NASA 's vision for Space Exploration , and seem pleased that the White House is moving in that direction .	6	Nonfinite
I go in about every morning to get bagels for myself or my co-workers and the employees at Max 's are great !!	1	Finite
They could not find any cafes or food shops that provided Halal prepared foods .	3	Nonfinite
Thank you for your patience and I hope you can take a few moments to enjoy the holidays .	10	Nonfinite
As we have discussed .... effective Sep 13th , Anita will make the adjustments to Enron 's inventory and pad gas to reflect the February 26th results .	11	Nonfinite
Just as I knew we should have to leave .	5	Finite
' He sealed the utterance with that smile of his , as though it had been a door opening into a darkness he had in his keeping .	14	Finite
But that was all .	2	Finite
go 2 starbucks do nt spend more than 20 bucks :)	3	Finite
While I hope I do n't have any need for a lawyer anytime soon , if I do I 'll definitely use this firm again .	2	Finite
A restaurant with this many patrons willing to stand in line just to order tacos must be good , right ?	15	Finite
I am just middle aged and do not want to die , but thanks to this doctor i have no other alternatives .	8	Nonfinite
If these amendmnets are agreeable to you can you please print and arrange for execution .	3	Finite
It could , but Marx 's mistake was not a new one .	1	Finite
the group to which Edwardsiella andrillae belongs includes many species that reproduce asexually , and it 's possible that the fields are " clones " produced asexually rather than the result of sexual reproduction .	16	Finite
To one side of him was the park , green in the morning sun , with sharp , fleeting shadows ; to the other side was the Frick , white and austere , as if abandoned to the dead .	5	Finite
Sharon 's assassination of major Hamas leaders has also weakened authority structures in that party .	7	Finite
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of May 1 .	9	Nonfinite
I am raising the issue just to reiterate Parliament 's position .	1	Finite
It takes only one bite from a disease - carrying mosquito to transmit a debilitating or deadly infection – and mosquitoes breed and multiply with astonishing speed .	12	Nonfinite
There is nothing wrong with a REAL negotiation , but nothing particularly helpful about generating one that s just for show .	1	Finite
Was fast and easy , Just had our car returned this morning , I would recommend these Mobile Mechanics for sure .	14	Finite
And , I can say , this was one of my favorite places to eat in all of Richmond .	4	Nonfinite
By dumping some portion of their reserves , these countries could put the dollar under intense pressure and send U.S. interest rates skyrocketing .	18	Nonfinite
I want to take a cruise around the world .	1	Finite
I think they have the largest collection for Chandeliers Chicago .	3	Finite
Your name will move up the list geometrically so that when your name reaches the # 1 position you will be receiving thousands of dollars in CASH !!!	3	Nonfinite
Some people are willing to take your horse , but they really have old trailers that are not the safest in the world .	12	Finite
The change is mainly on the Settlement Date text , which instead of " ... Two business days after the date of the Transaction ... " shall read as follow :	27	Nonfinite
These responses have the added benefit of being natural launching points for conversations about your hobbies , like the writing you 're doing on the side and the great bourbon you tasted the other day .	21	Finite
What countries are the best to travel to ?	2	Finite
Response : Iraq is actually hostile territory for al - Qaeda , and without Iraqi sympathizers it can not succeed there .	19	Nonfinite
The frequent reports from Algeria about the murders of hundreds of civilians in one village or another by other Algerians have nothing to do with Israel .	23	Nonfinite
I would n't know -- I do n't particularly like scary movies , and I have n't tried this with my pet .	6	Finite
You should e mail her sometimes .	3	Nonfinite
The utilities repeatedly called on FERC to do a " real " investigation , with hearings , testimony , data discovery --- the works .	3	Finite
It notes 10 points at which the US made key mistakes that might have stopped Bin Laden 's plot .	12	Finite
Reply	0	Finite
As a foreign visitor , you are not expected to know how to wai , nor to reciprocate when wai'd to ;	17	Nonfinite
Therefore , I need to know ASAP if there are any problems with the draft as written .	3	Finite
This is not just the fault of the Commission , but I believe that we need to take action more quickly so as to achieve harmonisation in this area as well .	12	Finite
Police said Bernard confessed to detectives that he had sex with a young girl in November 2002 and admitted to knowing about sexual acts involving children and a dog that occurred at Hosanna Church .	18	Finite
My first interview with the manager was curious .	6	Finite
hissing is OK , unless they start to fight .	1	Finite
i would highly recommend calling these people up for your next car .	1	Finite
Sara , here are the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas , UK power and Nordic power .	8	Finite
I hired this company to unlock my car .	1	Finite
I want to make sure that I understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value would be booked .	11	Finite
Can you post a link that shows all the art works that were never found after the Natzi stole them ?	18	Finite
By the time a man is wise enough to watch his step , he 's too old to go anywhere .	5	Finite
I hope they will be rejected because they are really the epitome of what Parliament is not able to do .	15	Finite
These animals have the misfortune to produce a substance that is useful in the manufacture of perfume .	6	Nonfinite
We believe that is a risk we should not necessarily take on .	1	Finite
Everyone has the right to freedom of thought , conscience and religion ;	1	Finite
What they wonder is whether Google can be anything more than what it 's always been -- a great search engine with some real grass - roots support , successful by the grace of simplicity .	7	Nonfinite
In addition they will be contacting you to discuss their participation in projects outside their rotation .	8	Nonfinite
Thank you .	0	Finite
If in dongle you mean USB stick then yes USB sticks are the same any were you go :) hope that answered your question .	4	Finite
This is a two day process and all because I let my CA license expire .	10	Finite
“ You want to be infected ?	2	Finite
Furthermore , before and after the implementation of the intervention , we performed a D2 Test of attention that measures selective and sustained attention , as well as visual scanning accuracy and speed .	12	Finite
The unit of measure against which the price is quoted shall be net tons ( 2000 lbs ) and the quantity shown shall be in net tons per month .	23	Nonfinite
China was defeated , and in 1842 agreed to the provisions of the Treaty of Nanking .	1	Finite
Here 's a story ... as I was waiting at the bus stop ( 7:35 am ) to go to school , a lady approached me and asked if I 'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus .	18	Nonfinite
Ladies and gentlemen from both North and South , we must vote in favour of this report .	10	Finite
I am a music junkie that grew up in the 80's , and my dad worked for a record label in the 1960's .	15	Finite
Please respond to < ekrapels@esaibos.com >	1	Finite
When you move a field that has custom groups between row and column areas , the custom group fields that are based on the field move with the field .	25	Finite
" What happened ? Did your dog eat it ? " he said , making a joke .	2	Finite
Richard Harper and Mary Nell Browning may have some ideas here but I am sure you 've already gone through it with them .	16	Finite
They set out to exceed your expectations .	1	Finite
He was less than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got , and his work was top notch .	1	Finite
The stocks referred to in paragraph 1 shall be deducted from the quantity exceeding the normal carryover of stocks .	2	Finite
Thank you Mike for all your help professionally and personally .	0	Finite
( 20 ) This Directive should also encourage the integration of Ecodesign in small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) and very small firms .	5	Finite
In Iceland and Ireland , banks outgrew their governments ' ability to support them when needed .	6	Finite
If they do n't like it , it 'll only be two days , remember ?	10	Nonfinite
I 'm just speculating now .	1	Finite
I just wan na make sure :) Thank !	4	Nonfinite
he will explore the room , mark everything with his cheek , and try to make it feel like his territory .	13	Nonfinite
I have never had a problem with their hours because I always go during the mornings .	12	Finite
Please , make sure that we are billed .	6	Finite
Ash - Sharq al - Awsat reports that Fallujah was closed Tuesday in a general strike .	9	Finite
The Communists thought they could defeat the ARVN , cause the fall of the South Vietnamese government , and the people would than rally to the Communist cause and leave the Americans stranded in a sea of angry peasants .	23	Nonfinite
I would suggest going for tribal Sheikhs rather than clerics , since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any Ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority .	21	Finite
Major general Fuad Basya , spokesman for the Indonesian military , said fisherman first noticed the people and a warship was deployed to retrieve them .	23	Nonfinite
The passionate beginning , the long openness and understanding between them should have meant that she would know what he wanted .	16	Finite
And always , always train with love and positive methods - never hit or harshly scold .	12	Finite
I read you were coming back , there was an article in the paper , my wife Margot sent it to me in Switzerland , so I thought it was you .	27	Finite
He believes memos and e-mails around the time of Winter 's Dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues .	14	Finite
This will paste a copy of the letter into the notepad so that you will add your name to the list .	1	Finite
He will also release any and all patent issues .	3	Nonfinite
did you hook up with that blonde chick saturday night ?	2	Nonfinite
Anyway they jimmy rigged it so i could drive it home .	7	Finite
would it help getting an aquarium cage or a plastic see through box so it ca nt escape i can buy it a wheel	17	Nonfinite
He 'd almost be glad of a sight of his arch-enemy , Draco Malfoy , just to be sure it had n't all been a dream .	3	Nonfinite
A string of islands and reefs along the eastern edge of the Group shelters the area from strong winds and ocean swellS and humpback whales come to these protected waters to give birth .	13	Finite
My parents did n't send for my birth certificate until I was 16 and needed it for summer employment .	14	Finite
I just want a simple way to get a good deal to whatever Restaurant I want , whenever I want .	2	Finite
the aid measures shall be communicated to the Commission within four months of the date of accession .	4	Nonfinite
Serving as a global model for urban rebirth , Cleveland has been named one of the top 10 international visitor hotspots by Travel and Leisure magazine .	10	Finite
Deal your meal from where the dishes are located .	7	Finite
( 3 ) The will of the people shall be the basis of the authority of government ;	9	Nonfinite
Luckily they caught the crooks before they did one on us .	2	Finite
The Ukrainian crisis may prove helpful , though that appears less likely now – which may be a good thing to the extent that one unintended consequence could be a loan to Ukraine that is larger than it really needs .	34	Finite
I tell them : why not just go with these guys ?	1	Finite
With 71 goals in 137 international matches , he has shot a record number of goals for the DFB .	9	Finite
Two years later , Jutting , now 31 , is on trial at Hong Kong 's High Court , charged with two counts of murder and one of preventing lawful burial .	9	Finite
100 - Percentage of those decisions that Bush then decided to allow the government to ignore indefinitely .	11	Nonfinite
I 'm looking for the confidentiality agreement , which may be in Bart 's files ( have n't checked closely yet ) .	10	Nonfinite
Once he had taken the leap into that name , he had stopped thinking about Auster himself .	2	Finite
However , it is essential that the rules should be reasonable .	3	Finite
Mérida has a rich cultural life which also reflects its diversity .	8	Finite
It is not surprising that Iran is so active in trying to incite a Shiite uprising in Iraq .	6	Finite
Do n't bother .	0	Finite
Finally , I would like to say that we have to consider safety in all types of transport .	3	Finite
" Balzac has received high praise from critics as diverse as Walter Benjamin and Camille Paglia .	2	Finite
I suspect it will not change greatly ... but you never know how much stock people put in the news .	11	Finite
We still have the traders and books that you provided last week , but need to know if there are any changes to this .	19	Finite
melting brass did not work ?	4	Nonfinite
Once Bet was asleep it was impossible to wake her up .	8	Nonfinite
But that will not be sufficient to sustain the national unity that Ukraine will need in the coming years .	2	Finite
Turkey and Thailand are mired in political crises that reflect long - simmering domestic conflicts .	3	Finite
In our Constitutional system , we have three branches of the Federal Government : the Legislative , Executive , and Judicial branches .	6	Finite
I hardly know myself . Quinn gave Auster an honest look .	2	Nonfinite
Where does all her energy come from ? Or that voice , which can blast out with a force to induce shockwaves ?	13	Finite
Our government has negotiated a standby loan agreement with the International Monetary Fund that will give us some of the tools that we need to get our financial and economic house in order .	23	Finite
similarly , human beings may behave both as individual particles and as components of a larger wave .	4	Finite
The United States freed Cuba ( after an occupation by the U.S. Army ) .	3	Finite
Should I send the resume to Dawn or you directly ?	0	Finite
The poetry depends on extended , sometimes elaborate metaphors and conceits , and the language is often rhetorical — written for actors to declaim rather than speak .	23	Nonfinite
Cockroaches fled , pausing , from what they regarded as positions of safety , to twirl their antennae .	15	Nonfinite
Continue to hold its feet so the grand experiment can continue .	9	Finite
On Monday I called and again it was a big to - do to find anyone who knew anything about it .	14	Nonfinite
There is a clever , persistent young woman who writes to me often from Italy , who insists upon giving the most ordinary occurrences in my novels a political interpretation .	1	Finite
The report 's authors say iodine deficiency is " the sleeper health issue in Australia " , and potentially a very serious one .	7	Finite
More significantly , China holds a large portion of the American economy in the palm of its hand .	4	Finite
People like this will never have my sympathy , nor do they deserve my sympathy .	3	Finite
It 's unfortunate that bmil believed that his ' perfect ' dog was not given the right opportunity to prove himself .	12	Finite
It was ok , nice management , they let us check in early , but the place was old .	1	Finite
According to ABC News , Basya also believes the asylum seekers found in the water may have left the boat on purpose to be rescued to avoid being sent away from Indonesia waters .	7	Finite
She had her cards memorized as well as everyone else s ( when you play you 'll see why you can know everyone else s hands ! ) .	21	Nonfinite
Once he is more comfy with his surroundings , then you can start handling him and getting to know each other more .	11	Finite
" I do n't know how these events could have taken place without some concerted effort , " said Dunn .	18	Finite
It can also be purchased from most Latin American gateway airports if departing from there ( Cancun : 250 MXN , Mexico City : USD 25 ) .	3	Nonfinite
On Tuesday , the United States of America could elect the first female president in its history .	9	Nonfinite
Are you okay with that ?	0	Finite
If it is hard to see how Baathist Iraq posed any real threat to Israel , it is not so difficult to see a menace in the current instability .	2	Finite
Peter Stillman walked into the room and sat down in a red velvet armchair opposite Quinn .	7	Finite
" Get out of here " meant to make someone leave .	8	Nonfinite
In two months Carroll had learned that her parents lived on a farm several miles outside of town ; that they sold strawberries in summer , and Christmas trees in the winter .	21	Finite
I believe that offering this right to fork has been a key element of our success thus far .	7	Nonfinite
Do n't be aggressive –– just skeptical and curious .	0	Nonfinite
DO NOT GO HERE !!!	0	Finite
Dorothy Clough sat forward in her chair , as if she had alighted only for a moment .	11	Finite
Dancing ballet is extremely popular throughout the world , and studying ballet can help develop strong bodies , spatial and temporal awareness , and improve coordination .	14	Nonfinite
In this particular case since the counterparty is still not allowed to transact on EnronOnline almost a month after sending in their application they are understandably upset and are now complaining .	28	Finite
You appear to be feeling better though .	3	Nonfinite
As a matter of fact , he was as not normal as it is possible to be .	7	Finite
A majority do not .	2	Finite
Another approach is to buy five bottles of vodka and five bags of Skittles .	2	Finite
4 ) If they are not going up by now you just got ta keep trying and keep trying .	17	Nonfinite
The metal rail of the steps wheeled against the plane was icy-wet to his palm and in the streaming rain he did not smell the Aegean or thyme , as he had remembered from other journeys to Africa .	31	Finite
For example , I would like to know if Rothko or Kline did any work on paper .	4	Finite
I am being told by my better half that we need to get an accurate head count of who will be attending our wedding .	19	Finite
For weeks , reporters scoured Alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the National Guard there .	4	Finite
So I checked it out with the U.S. Post Office ( 1-800-238-5355 ) and they confirmed that it is indeed legal !!	18	Finite
that will help to reassure him , and he will be less aggressive with her .	2	Nonfinite
[ The santorum neologism is ] offensive beyond , you know , anything that any public figure or anybody in America should tolerate , and the mainstream media laughs about it . — Rick Santorum	10	Finite
He announced this in January :	1	Finite
This means we wo n't be in town for the Compaq thing .	1	Finite
Now Iran wants to turn the tables and is inviting cartoonists to do their best by depicting the Holocaust .	12	Nonfinite
All had turned over in the barrel of the world and steadied itself again .	1	Finite
You know that your hostess has lost a son ; that her sister lost children in the 1973 war ;	6	Finite
I do n't want to waste my time on routes set for children , but I do n't want to take on something I ca n't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion .	18	Nonfinite
I 've been fuming over this fact for a few weeks now , ever since some organizations and governments suggested we need to accept the fact that Hezbollah will get involved in running Lebanon .	1	Finite
The September 11 Panel will issue its findings on Thursday .	5	Nonfinite
Please let me know what is possible , and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions ( 978-376-9004 ) .	3	Nonfinite
The current SQL Server user must be a member of the System Administrator role .	5	Finite
You forget , dear Charlie , that the laborer is worthy of his hire , she said , brightly .	9	Finite
Address this to Robin Gibbs for my signature .	0	Finite
You ca n't MAKE them mate , you can only encourage them .	5	Nonfinite
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch .	7	Finite
I refer to the entire area between Pakistan and Morocco , which is predominantly Arab , predominantly Moslem , but includes many non-Arab and also significant non-Moslem minorities .	1	Finite
But there is a way of looking at a halter that would provoke the most charitable of saints into a kick .	11	Finite
Richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit .	5	Nonfinite
I have a hamster , and mice and rats like to escape .	9	Finite
My dogs are far from perfect , and one of them I believe would be a little much for daycare here herself ( at least initially ) .	13	Finite
She is a Canadian born Vietnamese .	1	Finite
When the next hailstorm blows through , I will not hesitate to contact James at Team Texas Construction .	12	Nonfinite
-- The International Space Station is funded at $ 1.6 billion .	5	Finite
He could , of course , see with his own eyes what happened , and all these things he dutifully recorded in his red notebook . But the meaning of these things continued to elude him .	32	Finite
If America remains stuck in its under - saving ways but finds itself without Chinese goods and capital , it will suffer higher inflation , rising interest rates , and a weaker dollar .	11	Finite
Auster led him to the living room , gave him a frayed upholstered chair to sit in , and then went off to the kitchen to fetch some beer .	20	Finite
America can adopt a new growth strategy – moving away from excess consumption toward a model based on saving and investing in people , infrastructure , and capacity .	2	Nonfinite
Filtering by selection is particularly useful for fields in the detail area , when you want to view all of the rows that contain a particular value .	23	Finite
When you have a minute , I 'll give me a call and I 'll come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel .	8	Nonfinite
At last he called the operator and asked whether the phone was out of order .	11	Finite
" I like them , " says my wife .	6	Finite
Salad bar is hit and miss for freshness - sometimes the broccoli looks browned around the edges .	12	Finite
The current system tends to reinforce gender roles , encouraging children to follow culturally framed paths , instead of nurturing their individual interests and potential .	3	Finite
A report by the Center for Disease Control of interviews with AMI employees ( as well as detailed interviews by author Leonard Cole ) supports the conclusion that there were not one , but two , such mailings containing anthrax .	29	Finite
Stillman could wander , he could stagger like a blindman from one spot to another , but this was a privilege denied to Quinn .	5	Finite
We did n't know what we were going to land up doing , either .	3	Nonfinite
Another time I 'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where " Mommies " get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason .	4	Nonfinite
He is kind of hate walking with leash , every time I put the leash on , he will try to bite it .	19	Nonfinite
The point is -- FHS gives you the opportunity to make it to a good college , but you need to work hard .	5	Finite
The attempts at making peace finally ended in spring of 1415 and Enrique decided to execute his plan : an invasion of the entire Kingdom of France .	6	Finite
If you want to plant the basil in a container , make sure it 's large enough to accommodate the number of plants you 're growing ;	24	Finite
Martin has yet to finish two of the remaining books in his acclaimed series , currently billed as " The Winds of Winter " and " A Dream of Spring . "	4	Nonfinite
Do this repeatedly and frequently and he will learn to walk on a leash .	10	Nonfinite
Dando refused and Vivien had to go home to the children , and Rebecca Edwards protested that hers were alone too .	15	Finite
The paper-type twist ties will deteriorate a little , but the dryer filter screen will catch the fallout .	14	Finite
The rigorous enforcement of implementing measures is necessary to reduce the environmental impact of regulated EUPs and to ensure fair competition .	18	Nonfinite
It was huge and scared the crap out of me .	4	Finite
Executive director of the Dallas chapter of the Council on American - Islamic Relations Alia Salem said Mohamed wishes to use his newfound fame and attention to spotlight social causes including the treatment of Muslims in the United States .	16	Finite
The problem is whether one cares what happens to the polar bears , checkerspot butterflies and other unconsumables .	7	Finite
None of us will be using their services again , which is a shame .	4	Nonfinite
Mike Indivero , I understand that Mr. Mike Croall 's release date from NEPCO is Oct 31 , 2001 .	4	Finite
We could not have been more welcomed , more comfortable or more well fed .	3	Nonfinite
" You 're ashamed of me , " he guessed , and Rachel kissed him and smiled and did n't say anything .	2	Finite
Every now and then , while dinner was awaited , their conversation was backed by intensely sociable sounds – pitched talk – let in from the kitchen as the servant went in and out , laying the table .	7	Finite
how can you get wifi anywhere 24 / 7 on your apple ipod 8 gb ?	1	Finite
Neil stood on the moonlit patch of earth in front of the dark building and called up , but there was no response .	15	Finite
This amendment adds the British Columbia Securities Act representation to the master .	2	Finite
90 - Percentage of detectors which give early warning of a biological weapons attack found to be defective .	6	Finite
Tulsa has over 225 days of sunshine annually .	1	Finite
They want you for drinks on Monday .	1	Finite
He was the person , he and his wife Jan , introduced -- reintroduced me and Laura in his backyard in July of 1977 .	11	Finite
The IMF is founded on the premise that it represents cooperation between all of the countries of the world .	2	Finite
Place is next to carval and walmart .	1	Finite
