It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .	18	Verb
Will be staying here any and every time I come anywhere near .	1	Verb
Tanvir Hussain , 24 , London E10	0	Proper Name
During their various collaborations , it is not clear who between the two conceived of some stylistic solutions in the arrangements that later on characterised both artists ' style .	12	Numeral
make it fifteen the next day , then twenty , and so on .	3	Determiner
I think she likes her special room in your house .	7	Adposition
Joseph Darnand , who became an SS officer and led the Milice paramilitaries who hunted down members of the Resistance , was executed in October 1945 .	21	Verb
My second favorite would have to be the Guinea Pig - not quite as social with people as rats ( at least mine was n't ) but more so than most hamsters or mice .	33	Noun
They moved off with their plates of food , and Wentz said to a woman settled in one of the canvas chairs , Margot , here is Colonel Bray .	1	Verb
That had simply been a method , a way of trying to predict what would happen .	8	Noun
Paris claims that she was kept at Flag Land Base in Clearwater , Florida until she was eighteen and then transferred to the Freewinds .	4	Verb
I can print it here , initial it , and fax it to whomever you want .	7	Pronoun
While we ca n't make any promises , we will do our best to bring in at least some of these special guests .	3	Particle
China 's economy is exploding , hampered only by their great thirst for petroleum and natural gas to fuel their industry .	8	Adposition
Criminals released from prison during the war served in his company .	3	Noun
Also woodpeckers were pecking in the trees and I just sat and watched .	0	Adverb
Your fellow employees asked for everyone from Britney Spears to George Bush .	9	Adposition
Additionally , it is written in a style similar to an XML document using a combination of XML-like tags and HTML to create a template for a specific style of output .	27	Adjective
Secondly , in any case , they have to refurbish and invest in their refineries continuously .	10	Conjunction
50 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 15 October 2003 .	16	Proper Name
I came in to town for a week and forgot my trainers !	6	Determiner
And it 's an amalgamation of questions .	1	Pronoun
Pro-Beijing DAB 's Starry Lee and Holden Chow were successfully elected in this constituency , while pro-Beijing veteran politician Wong Kwok-hing of FTU was defeated by 10,694 votes by James To .	3	Proper Name
I want to make sure that I understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value would be booked .	5	Conjunction
The motion to compel is now scheduled for Dec. 12 at 2 p.m .	9	Numeral
When a child is born in Canada the birth is registered before the baby can leave the hospital .	1	Determiner
The graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics I have ever seen for any game and I have been gaming since the MUD days .	23	Adposition
We must be able to create and see our own stories , be it Inspector Morse or Derrick .	2	Verb
My argument is it 's art and therefore should not be censored he 's making us censor it who 's right	4	Verb
After every world war , the rules of international law have changed , and the same will happen after the present one .	14	Determiner
Unfortunately , all the dangers in the world are no match for the self - assurance of a bubble - encased zealot .	3	Determiner
A string of islands and reefs along the eastern edge of the Group shelters the area from strong winds and ocean swellS and humpback whales come to these protected waters to give birth .	2	Adposition
Please send David Lund copies of our standard corporate services agreement and the standard assignment letter ( use Bridgeline example -- with and without non-compete ) .	8	Adjective
Cheap , full of locals , conducted by fearless drivers , you can enjoy the beautiful Caribbean panorama to the sound of Guadeloupean zouk music .	20	Noun
I have no inside information , but I have been following links today that strongly indicate that Google is damn serious about securing permanent control of the leading edge browser technology in Firefox .	4	Noun
However , in the mid-1980s , Cleveland earned the nickname the " Comeback City ' as the urban core experienced a dramatic revitalization process that continues today .	16	Determiner
For example , in my made up language , ' Vogelaviatiolap ' means Bird .	0	Adposition
Rates ca n't go up w/out declaring the rate freeze over in some fashion --- trying to finesse it .	17	Verb
You have been awarded the converted Hino Dealer of the Year !	5	Adjective
If you would like to participate in person or by conference , please let me know .	13	Verb
Adding all the Enron " Specified Entities " would only make a default under a financial transaction with those other Enron entities a default under this agreement .	16	Noun
After the 1906 earthquake , many San Franciscans relocated there , and the industrial development of the 20s and 30s saw its population in the hundreds of thousands .	16	Determiner
If your visa does not restrict you from taking any work in New Zealand then you can work in any sector .	15	Pronoun
At the moment if you move overseas you can only come back to New Zealand for a short amount of time before they 'll force you cough up .	13	Proper Name
Perhaps one day they would drift further into dinginess , lasping into gray , or even brown , like some pieces of aging fruit .	1	Numeral
Please , let me know what time would work for you .	4	Verb
This tug - of - war over calculating economic values is the one that ultimately will have to be decided by humans , because animals and plants can adjust only so much .	9	Noun
Occasionally , after poring over an object in this way , Stillman would toss it back onto the sidewalk . But more often than not he would open his bag and lay the object gently inside it .	13	Verb
If you want to start a new creative project or business venture , your imagination will be working overtime .	2	Verb
He had sunken cheeks , a yellow complexion , a straight back , an ascetic aspect , and , with his arms dropped , the palms of hands outwards , resembled an idol .	32	Noun
He 's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he 's been in town for awhile .	14	Adverb
This is the year you 're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world , as expansion is the theme .	1	Verb
The food is fresh and taste great .	0	Determiner
EY4106.9 PERFORMANCE 01-Feb-02 P 27,886 $ 27,361	4	Numeral
In Europe , before the outbreak of the war , the Allies had significant advantages in both population and economics .	10	Determiner
Dallas Criminal Attorney Peter Barrett is absolutely committed to vigorously supporting your rights and achieving a successful outcome .	2	Noun
If you are located in London , Calgary , Toronto , Omaha , New York , Portland ( ENA ) or Houston , you can access the live event at http://home.enron.com/employeemeeting .	20	Conjunction
I think she likes her special room in your house .	0	Pronoun
make sure that you have a shallow dish of water for it .	0	Verb
At the initial meeting it became apparent that most participants were there to learn more about digital humanities and were not ( yet ) in the situation where they were able to offer expertise on the subject .	20	Particle
4.1. LIMITATIONS AND FUTURE DIRECTIONS .	2	Conjunction
( 14 ) As a general principle , the energy consumption of EUPs in stand-by or off - mode should be reduced to the minimum necessary for their proper functioning .	14	Noun
Cards , wrapping paper , paper , and an area to sit down and talk with someone to design your own invitations or for whatever else your custom printing needs may be .	27	Adjective
Still ... . But at the moment it presented itself simply as a confounded nuisance .	3	Conjunction
But the long silence from Ron and Hermione had made Harry feel so cut off from the magical world that even taunting Dudley had lost its appeal – and now Ron and Hermione had forgotten his birthday .	3	Noun
Seeing the nature and wild life that if you keep quiet you can get up close and personal .	8	Pronoun
In the light , Margot Wentz 's head was the figurehead of a ship above the hulk of her body :	7	Noun
35 - Number of countries to which the United States suspended military assistance after they failed to sign agreements giving Americans immunity from prosecution before the International Criminal Court .	14	Pronoun
Pompey took command of two legions in Capua and began to raise levies illegally , an act that , as was predictable , took advantage of the Caesarians who were in his favor .	4	Numeral
what do you mean i am perverted ?	6	Adjective
And yes , I am being melodramatic .	6	Adjective
It was n't until he gave up and walked out the door that someone asked Can I help you .	7	Conjunction
Soaring public debts surely exacerbate the problem , because future generations are being asked both to service our debt and to pay for our retirements .	18	Noun
His forecast represented a simple extrapolation of two trends :	1	Noun
I 'm nothing more than a devoted fan of the game myself and I hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan discussions .	6	Adjective
I do nt go there anymore	2	Particle
Our project of a Europe that aims to satisfy social needs envisages the convergence of living conditions towards the highest common denominator .	14	Adposition
22 - Asbestos levels at Ground Zero were 22 times higher than the levels in Libby , Montana , where the W R Grace mine produced one of the worst Superfund disasters in US history .	24	Noun
We would like to meet between November 14 and ? December 1 ? since construction of our services is already underway .?	8	Conjunction
Service was average , but nothing special , and restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do a better job of training their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly , not merely capable .	28	Conjunction
I want to ask him why it was n't printed .	6	Pronoun
Basil does not tolerate frost so do n't plant too early .	2	Particle
There has therefore been enough time for the Commission to prepare its programme and for us to become familiar with it and explain it to our citizens .	11	Determiner
The computer disk was confiscated from him during his arrest by the CIA in Azerbaijan and handed over to the Egyptian authorities .	8	Pronoun
I rarely write reviews such as this one , but they certainly deserve anyone 's business !	14	Particle
Will be a repeat customer with discount coupons .	5	Adposition
The price they gave was good so I said hey this seems great .	5	Adjective
Always let the soil dry before you water the cuttings .	8	Determiner
In effect , the administration tried to make the IMF more interesting , particularly to encourage Republicans in the House of Representatives to support the reforms .	18	Determiner
Various doctors , both foreign and American , are associated with Al Qaeda leaders or operatives , to include the doctors Abdul Qadoos Khan , a bacteriologist from Rawalpindi and Aafia Siddiqui , PhD , from Karachi .	10	Adposition
It 's enough to make your hair stand on end , said Dando ; and enjoyed the effect .	3	Particle
Crap like this sure makes me want to rush right out and rescue people from dilemmas of their own making .	13	Noun
being accepted with such immediate casual friendliness by everyone was rather like being forced to learn a foreign language by finding oneself alone among people who spoke nothing else :	8	Pronoun
Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .	20	Numeral
Thanks	0	Noun
If your ( US ) provider has a deal with a canadian wireless company , you texts and calls will go through .	1	Pronoun
The people there attempt to come across and professional and nice , but I was disappointed with their customer service .	1	Noun
is a declaration that states that this is an XML document and gives the version number .	5	Conjunction
IT still can not commit to transferring messages across domains .	1	Adverb
Use a commercial , organic deterrent .	2	Adjective
Specifically , what would you have done differently ?	0	Adverb
I love to play with that and I am always looking for muses that fit that bill because it is so interesting making a collection when I find one .	3	Verb
An XML schema file is a formal specification of the rules for an XML document , providing a series of element names , as well as which elements are allowed in the document and in what combinations .	28	Verb
what are some unique customs in ireland ?	0	Pronoun
The conniving and wrangling over wills and inheritances reflect the expertise gained by the author as a young law clerk .	9	Determiner
320 g ( 1 - 2/3 cups ) caster / superfine sugar	4	Conjunction
Several scenarios were considered because of uncertainty of future levels of ozone pollution .	3	Verb
Based on how CRRA reacts , I would make an ultimate determination if the agreement needs to be attached to the LOI .	16	Particle
The fingers closed slowly on it and held – there was no other movement and no other glance .	6	Conjunction
Woud it be better if I got another filter and connected the other phone as well ?	13	Noun
If elected , what would constitute a successful presidency for you ?	4	Verb
7 . Delete the definition of Costs as it is already defined in Section 6.2.1 .	14	Numeral
To one side of him was the park , green in the morning sun , with sharp , fleeting shadows ; to the other side was the Frick , white and austere , as if abandoned to the dead .	33	Conjunction
I hope everything went all right and that Harry is okay and that you did n't do anything illegal to get him out , Ron , because that would get Harry into trouble , too .	31	Adposition
To my friend , thank you for your recommendation ... you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a " Saintly Instructor ... Absolutely Simple the Best Instructor and Best Driving school there is !	1	Pronoun
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement , and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what 's in the draft ?	10	Noun
I got him back the first of the month and he had lost some weight but attributed that to be worked everyday ( I expected him to drop some ) .	3	Adverb
His own descendants and the descendants of other Moriori live on today .	3	Conjunction
of course , it was only in the wizarding world that he had money ; you could n't use Galleons , Sickles , and Knuts in Muggle shops .	5	Adverb
I do n't want to appear before God on judgment day and have to explain why I did n't do anything like this in my life .	25	Noun
We took our 7 month old and she laughed and giggled when ( very harshly I might add ) grabbing and ' kissed ' the goats and lambs .	5	Adjective
" Calculation of Floating Amount : The Floating Amount payable by [ ENA ] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows :	18	Verb
Th-thank you , said Harry , edging along the wall and sinking into his desk chair , next to Hedwig , who was asleep in her large cage .	0	Verb
Let s call the whole thing off .	4	Adjective
If we are to get a common transport market genuinely up and running , it is important that we should not only have regulations but that these regulations should also , as far as possible , apply to every country .	4	Verb
Less bleak than the tragedies , these four plays are graver in tone than the comedies of the 1590 s , but they end with reconciliation and the forgiveness of potentially tragic errors .	6	Determiner
Pompey took command of two legions in Capua and began to raise levies illegally , an act that , as was predictable , took advantage of the Caesarians who were in his favor .	16	Noun
for Books that Speak for Themselves ....	5	Pronoun
The waiting staff is beyond impeccable ( they refold your napkin when you go to the bathroom ) .	11	Adverb
Thanks Josh !	1	Proper Name
They lets Dobby get on with it , sir .	0	Pronoun
In the mid-town area the names are taken from colleges and college towns .	1	Determiner
He felt as though Auster were taunting him with the things he had lost , and he responded with envy and rage , a lacerating self-pity .	3	Conjunction
Theravada Buddhist monks are also supposed to avoid material temptations and as such , are not allowed to touch money , so offering money to a monk is considered to be a sign of disrespect in most Theravada Buddhist cultures .	33	Adposition
These are the four main pillars of the current World Conflict , or perhaps we should already refer to it as " the undeclared World War III " :	14	Pronoun
Well , said Fred , put it this way – house-elves have got powerful magic of their own , but they ca n't usually use it without their master 's permission .	14	Noun
A community of about twenty thousand people had traffic jams worthy of Rome , cars as a matter of course rushing into the reserved bus lanes , screwing everything up and honking madly .	9	Noun
York was known as Eboracum by the Romans , who founded the fortress city on the River Ouse in the year 71 .	2	Verb
Licensor shall not be bound by any additional provisions that may appear in any communication from You .	3	Verb
The man had long coarse strands of sun-yellowed hair spread from ear to ear across a bald head and wore sunglasses that rested on fine Nordic cheekbones .	23	Adposition
In addition , is there someone who could consider the correlation between US CPI and the $ / euro exchange rate .	14	Conjunction
All the guys at work are saying I should n't bother having it fixed I should just buy a new one .	17	Verb
Mrs Weasley was marching across the yard , scattering chickens , and for a short , plump , kind-faced woman , it was remarkable how much she looked like a saber-toothed tiger .	26	Pronoun
Another unique custom ( and a dying one at that ) is the Pioneers .	4	Conjunction
If you are located in London , Calgary , Toronto , Omaha , New York , Portland ( ENA ) or Houston , you can access the live event at http://home.enron.com/employeemeeting .	25	Verb
I highly recommend her .	3	Pronoun
It ALL had to do with the sales guy which was a young 22 year old who had admittedly only been working for 2 weeks .	15	Adjective
The husband and wife who run this spot are lovely people .	4	Pronoun
Rooms were clean , plenty of things to do near hotel , and safe part of town .	5	Adposition
By mid-1962 , Brooks and Carson had largely finished the editing , and were laying the groundwork for promoting the book by sending the manuscript out to select individuals for final suggestions .	29	Adposition
She must be a tourist .	0	Pronoun
Virtually every credible analysis has Syria standing as the strongest military force in the Middle East after Israel .	16	Adposition
The best climbing club around .	2	Noun
The chicken should be " hypnotized " and cease to struggle .	9	Particle
Real-time suggested bids for our auction - based system provided guidance that enabled G5 to hone advert effectiveness based on their various targeting filters ( age , college level and location ) .	12	Verb
It is a limestone island with heights up to 213 m in the west .	8	Adposition
They were going to run an over-sea empire , and make no end of coin by trade .	10	Verb
With no link provided it is hard to say .	2	Noun
Wright has a brother , Oscar , who is a comic book artist , contributing storyboards , conceptual art and promotional pictures for Edgar 's films .	2	Determiner
If necessary , the Commission will act at once .	8	Adverb
Beaters can try hitting the bludgers around in the air with a shortened hockey sticks or a short bat .	4	Determiner
I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee 's position in connection with the enforcement / nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking .	19	Adposition
I prefer Advanced auto parts over this crappy place with the meanest people .	2	Proper Name
In addition to continuing to write , he convened and chaired the first International Meeting on Linguistic Research in Geneva in 1930 , and acted as president of the Fourth International Congress of Linguists in Copenhagen in 1936 .	23	Conjunction
THEY WILL GIVE YOU A LOW PRICE OVER THE PHONE AND ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE THEY WILL CHANGE THE PRICE , I GUARANTEE IT .	20	Determiner
That is why my family and our colleagues are urgently seeking your gracious assistance .	1	Verb
It was initially referred to as HoTMaiL with selective uppercasing .	5	Adposition
Those who are not assigned an associate may also allocate points ( a max of 150 ) at the meeting based on contribution to your areas for the first review period .	12	Determiner
I want to know whether one can raise an objection of that kind to what is merely a report , not a legislative proposal , and whether that is something I can competently do on Thursday .	26	Conjunction
He is credited with helping efforts to tackle the mountain of debt accumulated by local governments in China .	1	Verb
IF you want flashy fancy food stacked high with lots of fussy garnishes , this is not the place for you .	18	Noun
0 - Number of principal civilian or Pentagon staff members who planned the war who have immediate family members serving in uniform in Iraq .	10	Pronoun
If I had to take over the English-language services tomorrow , you know what I 'd have to do it with a bunch of Lambala and speakers from the vernacular sections and some refugee school-teachers from South Africa .	11	Pronoun
My mind thinks she has no interest in me and just stringing me along .	13	Adverb
This video shows a more realistic approach to playing Quidditch .	8	Verb
Other countries , including the ones you mention , have stronger social orientations in all aspects of society .	9	Verb
We called few companies before we decide to hire them .	7	Particle
British women too are entitled to the same treatment as all the other citizens of Europe .	6	Determiner
If you apply in person to the Cuban Consulate , you get the visa straight away .	3	Adposition
Former Pastor , Deputy Implicated In Church Child Sex Abuse	3	Noun
Just said i was inoperable and walked out of the hospital room .	4	Adjective
Would it be possible to persuade others to agree with what he said , even though they did not believe him ?	3	Adjective
Use funnels , measuring tubes , and basters to keep everything well-measured and well away from you .	14	Adverb
Dark rain in the afternoon in London when the plane took off , at Rome the airport a vast , bleary shopwindow shining blurred colours through rain .	21	Noun
At times , the pressure on your job and home life may seem unbearable , but rest assured you will come through this stronger - and wiser - than ever , as more is revealed and resolved in 2005 .	25	Conjunction
The civilized world believes in democracy , the rule of law , including international law , human rights , free speech and free press , among other liberties .	26	Adjective
Specifically , schemas define the rules of an XML data document , including element names and data types , which elements can appear in combination , and which attributes are available for each element .	5	Noun
Musk , which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive , makes the scent of perfume last a bit longer after each application .	25	Verb
You all remember the Iraqi Minister of Information , Mr. Mouhamad Said al - Sahaf and his press conferences when the US forces were already inside Baghdad .	9	Proper Name
Might as well just hotpot the curb and rate the traffic light .	7	Conjunction
Yes , but this time it is his carotid artery - the one that transports blood to the brain .	17	Determiner
" In our view , we did not believe we changed or made worse the financial situation .	1	Adposition
Hope she stops laying eggs because she will get really skinny !	10	Adjective
Vince sold !	0	Proper Name
It is a great course for local golfers to be proud of and all the comments in 2008 have been very positive !!	15	Noun
When civilians launched a suicidal attack on an armed force in Kyiv on February 20 , their sense of representing " the nation " far outweighed their concern with their individual mortality .	27	Noun
Our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the LC transferable .	5	Verb
Using aimless motion as a technique of reversal , on his best days he could bring the outside in and thus usurp the sovereignty of inwardness .	0	Participle
You can also choose whether you want to use an existing connection file or create a new one .	8	Verb
Well they play the Wii like me :)	1	Pronoun
There is even a section of lanterns sponsored by foreign countries .	3	Determiner
The Commission accepts all of the contributions of the parliamentary committee and the rapporteur , Mr Koch , which are contained in the various amendments , specifically four .	27	Numeral
Beards / Muffs : If your Silkie has a beard / muff the offspring could have a beard as well , as these genes are incomplete dominate .	19	Adverb
Sara is working on that with Susan Bailey , another paralegal in our Group .	2	Verb
Frustrated , the Americans decided for the best of reasons , as always , to make a heavier move :	17	Adjective
This has to do with one of the few buildings in the city center that was spared from destruction by the end of the Second World War .	1	Verb
We plan to use the same basic form for the Enron guaranty that will be made in favor of EPMI with respect to the seller 's obligations under the PPA .	9	Determiner
That , and the repairs when I brought the pieces to the station , took some months .	4	Noun
That makes it much easier to find places than in cities where streets go every which way .	7	Noun
They have lunch and siesta , then go back to work for a few hours in the late afternoon .	7	Verb
If you change the property setting , the change is applied to all selected controls .	10	Participle
They were called criminals , and the outraged law , like the bursting shells , had come to them , an insoluble mystery from over the sea .	10	Adposition
We have to sustain the European Union as a major food producer and a major exporter .	1	Verb
Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under John 's name ( if so , to whom will the letter be sent ) ?	17	Verb
Try the " white rice " option if your rice cooker gives you several options .	6	Noun
Cleveland is a culturally diverse city on the shores of Lake Erie , one of the Great Lakes , in Cuyahoga County , Ohio , USA .	5	Noun
Any thorough assessment of the impact of the Iraq war and its aftermath on Israel 's security environment must , therefore , closely examine its likely effect on the conduct of asymmetrical warfare .	4	Determiner
It was conducted just off the Mexican coast from April to June .	6	Adjective
He added : " This has been one step in a long journey of finding the right combination for male hormonal contraception . "	13	Conjunction
Vega suggested that , because of their age , many would be unaware of its history .	1	Verb
These themes fall under two broad categories :	0	Determiner
100 - Number of US chemical plants where a terrorist act could endanger the lives of more than one million people .	2	Noun
A road trip to Lisbon and the Algarve in Portugal before a mountain escape in the Pyrenees and a stop in Andorra before heading over to France and Italy and Austria and Switzerland .	27	Conjunction
What was the goal for North Vietnam in the Tet offensive ?	10	Proper Name
I compared the things I saw under the 'scopes to what had been published on other species in this group .	1	Verb
Are the adherent of ' Crowleyan Thelema ' and others of similar ilk appropriating or appropriating from the appropriators to redirect ' energy ? '	19	Particle
I just need to talk to an another american who has gone to the UK before so that I know what expect when arriving at the airport and with going through visa process and everything .	7	Determiner
No , because I really ca n't call and tell them I 'm yeah , so-and-so 's applying here for a position .	2	Conjunction
China will purchase 250 million tons of liquefied natural gas from Iran over the next 30 years , will develop the massive Yadavaran oil field in Iran , and will receive 150,000 barrels of oil per day from that field .	0	Proper Name
At that moment , there was a diversion in the form of a small , red-headed figure in a long nightdress , who appeared in the kitchen , gave a small squeal , and ran out again .	0	Adposition
We are so disappointed because we have dropped six points playing at home .	0	Pronoun
the weather is going to be fine , hector was just blowing smoke .	1	Noun
More recently , he erred in accepting a transportation bill that had huge flaws and huge tax increases , rather than prioritizing spending and seeking more rational , efficient , decentralized transportation decision-making .	11	Verb
An Afghan official at the meeting added , ‘’ The Americans now realise that the Taliban are a bigger threat to our security than Al Qaeda . ’’	3	Adposition
By the way , have you read the Declaration of Independence and US Constitution - or do you only know the first phrases ?	17	Pronoun
Places Rated Almanac ranks the area second in recreational options out of 354 US metro areas .	11	Adposition
Balzac influenced the writers of his time and beyond .	6	Noun
Thursday , May 7 , 2015	0	Proper Name
Instead of using vegetable oil , try substituting it for walnut or macadamia nut oils if they are available to you .	4	Noun
I dislike this urban society and want to leave this whole enviroment .	3	Adjective
Make sure there are holes in the center of the base of each pot to allow for good drainage .	2	Pronoun
" Balzac 's extensive use of detail , especially the detail of objects , to illustrate the lives of his characters made him an early pioneer of literary realism .	20	Noun
A girl would show up , then a guy in a nice car would show up .	9	Adposition
It is therefore unacceptable to compel the Member States to apply increases that are actually above the rate of inflation .	5	Verb
He seemed to understand how important it was for us to make sure the whole house was sprayed so he took his time .	16	Verb
While there was some fur and blood on the nine - centimetre blade , Dr. Fortier said he does n't think he hurt the bear badly .	25	Adverb
I would not have gone back , but I could n't find the particular tire they 'd used in stock anywhere else .	8	Pronoun
Food was cold	1	Verb
Our cellphones are so much more than phones these days .	2	Verb
The equipment and classes are n't good enough to deal with the rudeness from the staff !!!	8	Particle
We were told that we could n't today because they were closing soon .	2	Verb
Thank you , Mr Donnay .	1	Pronoun
Auster led him to the living room , gave him a frayed upholstered chair to sit in , and then went off to the kitchen to fetch some beer .	27	Determiner
An Afghan official at the meeting added , ‘’ The Americans now realise that the Taliban are a bigger threat to our security than Al Qaeda . ’’	12	Verb
Full reconciliation of contracts within the OBSF to Barclays documentation ( thereby substantiating existence of stock that we have option to purchase ) and to AS400 Barclays account	1	Noun
Mayor Teddy Kollek , irrepressible organizer of wonderful events ( some of them too rich for my blood ) , takes us to dinner with one of the Armenian Archbishops in the Old City .	28	Adjective
Sara , trading is still not settled .	6	Adjective
The 1980 presidential campaign between Reagan and incumbent President Jimmy Carter was conducted during domestic concerns and the ongoing Iran hostage crisis .	4	Adposition
He stressed , however , that NASA would not follow this week 's Chinese mission through formal channels .	9	Verb
Yes . That ought to do the affair .	4	Particle
A Swedish study has shown that animals seldom , if at all , land after the 2 month breeding period .	4	Verb
Spain had expelled its Sephardic population in 1492 ; many of these Spanish Jews left Spain for Portugal but eventually were targeted there as well .	2	Verb
Mrs Weasley fussed over the state of his socks and tried to force him to eat fourth helpings at every meal .	7	Pronoun
You can replace the plain soy milk with other flavors like chocolate or vanilla if you want to experiment with changing the flavor of the cupcakes .	9	Noun
The word renaissance ( Rinascimento in Italian ) means “ rebirth ” , and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that Renaissance humanists labelled the Dark Ages .	10	Noun
$ 2 b - Estimated monthly cost of US military presence in Iraq projected by the White House in April 2003 .	12	Proper Name
Sometimes there was gunfire outside and we jumped , even Mam on the bed .	7	Verb
I ask one of the hostesses when I may expect to receive a drink and she cries out in irritation , " Back to your seat ! "	16	Verb
US - trained Malaysian biochemist Yazid Sufaat met with 9/11 plotters and two hijackers in January 2000 .	6	Proper Name
While the ominous possibilities of heightened Iraqi chaos , missiles in the Gulf , and Syrian involvement loom large if the US attacks Iran , all pale in comparison to the involvement of China in any US / Iran engagement .	38	Proper Name
Dogs , cats , rabbits , wolves , moose , horses , you name it , we have it .	12	Pronoun
Working with Rod Jacobsen was my first experience working with a CPA , so I did not know what to expect .	8	Verb
After searching for two or three minutes , he finally found a place on one of the benches , wedging himself between a man in a blue suit and a plump young woman .	31	Adjective
Put the leash on the dog and just walk around the crate a few times .	3	Adposition
After the sinking of the Titanic in 1912 , was there a law made so that ships would carry enough lifeboats to save everybody on a ship if it was sinking ?	18	Verb
He demonstrates an excellent " Judicial Temperament , " being courteous , mild - mannered , respectful of all people ; careful in his work , meticulous in detail .	26	Adjective
This indexing also includes the notion of an accelerator .	1	Participle
I 'm looking for a camera that has really good zoom during a video and pictures ; and good quality pictures / videos	19	Noun
1584 Ivan the Terrible dies while starting a game of chess .	7	Determiner
Although Iceland was under the political control of Denmark until a much later date ( 1918 ) , very little influence and borrowing from Danish has occurred in the Icelandic language .	1	Proper Name
Some scholars claim that members of Shakespeare 's family were Catholics , at a time when Catholic practice was against the law .	7	Particle
He was a seaman , but he was a wanderer , too , while most seamen lead , if one may so express it , a sedentary life .	5	Conjunction
In 2008 , Endeavour and Atlantis await a journey on their respective launchpads .	8	Noun
Unfortunately , at its last vote on the subject Parliament approved these subsidies by a majority .	13	Adposition
I 've also got a bachelor s degree so I can go back and do further study or take a different profession .	6	Particle
For whatever reason , President Barack Obama 's administration did not push this item hard in 2013 and early 2014 – and the agenda of encouraging further IMF reform has therefore languished .	11	Verb
" War maniacs of the South Korean puppet military made another grave provocation to the DPRK in the central western sector of the front on Thursday afternoon .	12	Noun
The place where I 'm boarding is not likely to want to take me this far , and I do not have any ways of hauling him myself .	0	Determiner
Please review it and let me know if you have any comments on or before Tuesday afternoon ( I will be out of the office Monday ) .	9	Verb
also make sure you print this out NOW , so you can get the information off of it , as you will need it .	19	Conjunction
There are also attractions on Coron Island itself .	1	Verb
You can view or edit the contents of the file in any text editor .	1	Verb
Even for those who later abstain , " visual - spatial abilities , abstraction , problem solving , and short - term memory , are the slowest to recover . "	13	Noun
To paraphrase Clausewitz , federalism for Putin is annexation by other means .	6	Proper Name
My wife has a slight impediment in her speech .	0	Pronoun
Thin translucent shadows move across her — the shadows of the neosilk-and-nanotube filaments that hang the city from the hundreds of five-kilometer-high towers that encircle it .	10	Determiner
" You 're ashamed of me , " he guessed , and Rachel kissed him and smiled and did n't say anything .	20	Verb
Let us make it clear that the collection of clothing for people in third countries who need it can continue .	15	Pronoun
thank you :)	0	Verb
I had the Chicken Parmesan Dinner and my wife had the Shrimp Scampi Dinner .	1	Verb
He 's probably still scared and unsure .	2	Adverb
The plan ca n't be described as a binary , a breakaway , a unilevel , or a forced matrix .	14	Noun
If you are not already a Facebook member and would like to join , you can use this email to start the registration process .	21	Determiner
He traveled to Florida to meet with Devocht , who had told Montalvo he would assist him with future employment and housing .	11	Verb
Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to -- and trust me we have been to a lot of them .	15	Adjective
Mr Vernon Dursley had been woken in the early hours of the morning by a loud , hooting noise from his nephew Harry 's room .	6	Adposition
Cheap , full of locals , conducted by fearless drivers , you can enjoy the beautiful Caribbean panorama to the sound of Guadeloupean zouk music .	16	Adjective
Last time I went however , my beer was warm and the service was so - so .	3	Verb
As always , thank you for your time and please contact me @ ext 58369 if you have any questions .	7	Noun
I should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you did n't spell her name right in the email - I mean it 's such a common spelling .	10	Adjective
After the Lord Chamberlain 's Men were renamed the King 's Men in 1603 , they entered a special relationship with the new King James .	11	Noun
By definition most tourists will go to the best places so you might have to put up with a few tourists along the way .	16	Adposition
Suppose at the end of the year they were not put on contract ?	4	Adposition
Warm and sunny winter weather also ensured a thriving tourism industry , and encouraged many Easterners and Midwesterners to relocate to Phoenix .	17	Noun
Lee was making his final Canadian convention appearance , part of a larger farewell tour .	5	Adjective
Two approaches are becoming clear , one of which is a pragmatic approach .	0	Numeral
The station staff at Chiang Kai Shek Memorial Hall Station do an excellent job of crowd control but lines for the subway can still be hours long and very exhausting .	11	Determiner
Thus the " twisted " area down-town represents the original extent of Tulsa ca 1907 .	10	Noun
My apartment was usually quiet .	1	Noun
Since divisions of companies are not legal entities they do not have the power to contract in their own names .	15	Verb
But realizing this potential requires improving the business climate across the economy as a whole and within individual sectors – particularly by addressing the endemic corruption and weak rule of law that are deterring foreign and domestic investors alike .	3	Noun
For God 's sake , Timothy , stop baring your teeth and sink them into something .	12	Verb
All you want is for " them " to get on with it - and to leave you alone ..	4	Conjunction
True believers are dangerous animals .	2	Verb
I was n't interested in making either of these sacrifices , as I think the world 's how to manual needs to be high quality AND comprehensive .	2	Particle
Posted by Hidden Nook to Hidden Nook at 11/16/2005 08:36:00 AM	5	Proper Name
I saw a high starched collar , white cuffs , a light alpaca jacket , snowy trousers , a clear necktie , and varnished boots . No hat .	3	Adjective
I would n't recommend this place last year , and I certainly would n't recommend them this year .	0	Pronoun
Unfortunately for the IMF , it now needs a slightly higher public profile to convince the US Congress to agree to some important reforms .	20	Adposition
I have also had an 80 yr old that I take of sent to the ER and long stays in the hospital .	3	Verb
If you want to plant the basil in a container , make sure it 's large enough to accommodate the number of plants you 're growing ;	19	Determiner
I shall not go into details on the High Representative , as his or her function has already been extensively debated .	11	Conjunction
Syria is surrounded by Turkey , Iraq , Jordan and Israel .	2	Verb
You could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point , it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive .	17	Pronoun
Rebecca Edwards had just told Neil Bayley that Felix Pasilis , the Pettigrews ' Greek friend , was furious with her because she 'd forgotten some essential herb that he wanted for his sheep ...	21	Conjunction
Simply , the questions permeate the entire ' Western ( Mystery ) Tradition ' and perhaps ' Eastern ' as well , as they relate to the confluence of politics and spirituality .	14	Conjunction
it is not frequent .	3	Adjective
It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms , a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war .	31	Adjective
Almost embarrassed by the intensity of his feelings , Quinn tucked the red notebook under his arm , walked over to the cash register , and bought it .	18	Verb
What you see in New Orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system , a form of socialism that many in this country know is the true problem .	24	Adposition
When it comes to safety my Group will always support any initiatives to improve transport safety .	3	Adposition
( Because apparently my mom is very picky , she says the bird might get sick if it does n't eat the right food ) IS there any specific food I might find at any pet shop ?	9	Pronoun
Some humans who have , for various reasons , become aware of their impending death , develop psychological coping strategies to deal with this ;	12	Pronoun
It was strange , he thought , how quickly time had passed in the Stillman apartment .	9	Noun
After happily visiting Sear's Automotives in the past , I was shocked at the horrible service received at their Greensboro location .	18	Pronoun
Afterwards , each ant was dipped in the solution for a couple of seconds , dried on a cloth and put in the nest .	18	Noun
The young bachelors romped and the tousled girls , passing close by , or smiling suddenly at people they were n't aware of , gave up the scent of cosmetics and perfume heated on their bodies .	13	Conjunction
At the initial meeting it became apparent that most participants were there to learn more about digital humanities and were not ( yet ) in the situation where they were able to offer expertise on the subject .	7	Conjunction
The man looked about quickly and lowered his voice .	7	Pronoun
Ideally the quaffle and bludgers should be slightly deflated so that they are easier to throw and catch .	9	Conjunction
By tradition , the Inca emperor would sow the first seeds of the season using " golden implements . "	17	Noun
The Moldovan airline is Aerocom , and yes , it 's one of Victor Bout 's .	9	Pronoun
He has also had to pay the £ 15 each up front so woul d be grateful if you could get the cash to him as soon as poss ible .	15	Verb
Read on to learn the facts .	1	Adverb
Just at that time the manager was the only man supposed to have any right to candles .	6	Verb
It was very upsetting to see this kind of behavior especially in front of my four year old .	14	Pronoun
lots of important stories out there today jeff .... thank god and a few good souls for that conviction .	5	Adverb
Separate the Skittles by color .	4	Noun
Dave is a patient and methodical teacher , who has a great ear and sensitivity for his students ' passion and the direction they want their lessons to take .	4	Conjunction
I hope they get there act together ...	3	Verb
Broad , I say , is 14th street and I am 3 blocks west of broad and one south of walnut .	8	Conjunction
No communications nothing .	2	Pronoun
MUST TRY !!!	1	Verb
Sometimes it is not worth it to go through that kind of staff and their personal attitude to get to a doctor .	10	Noun
Not only am I being bilked for money I do not owe , the office staff is rude to boot .	5	Verb
I would also like to say something about the two amendments tabled by my group .	14	Noun
Even so , estimates of the prevalence of perceived discrimination remains rare ( see [ 13 – 14 ] ) .	16	Adposition
I believe that Doug told me the extra was for the cashout that was not invoiced .	10	Determiner
The bartender is a douchebag and he has a little console behind the bar where he can delete songs he does n't like , and you end up paying for it .	5	Conjunction
Good local bike shop .	3	Noun
5 - Number of years the Bush administration said in 2003 that global warming must be further studied before substantive action could be taken .	5	Determiner
Users have full functionality and interactivity with components , including run-time and design-time capabilities .	10	Noun
He immediately said " no , there is a $ 50 deposit now ! "	2	Verb
Write down a list of everything you are packing , in particular if it 's valuable .	5	Noun
I just moved nearby and have tried several of the local places , this was the first one and I should have just stuck with it .	4	Conjunction
The vet said it was gastroenteritis and gave him fluids under his skin , an injection of nausea medication along with some take home antibiotics .	21	Determiner
Creative Commons will not be liable to You or any party on any legal theory for any damages whatsoever , including without limitation any general , special , incidental or consequential damages arising in connection to this license .	14	Noun
with my breakfast I like bacon and sausage when I having a big breakfast like a grand slam with pancakes and the works .	21	Determiner
" The police should be politisized , and should become , to whatever extent necessary , a partisan paramilitary arm of the revolutionary government " ?	5	Participle
Hope you will be sorted .	0	Verb
When you copy an interior horizontal line , the new line is halfway between the line you copied and the line below the line you copied .	12	Adverb
Next , place one paper in each of the six envelopes and seal them .	11	Conjunction
The current Windows NT user must be an Administrator for the computer .	5	Verb
Walls keeping water out of the bowl - shaped city have been breached , and emergency teams are using helicopters to drop 1,350 kg ( 3,000 lb ) sandbags and concrete barriers into the gaps .	14	Conjunction
The total for performance pay and bonus that year was $ 1.5 million , about the same level as for 2015 - 2016 .	16	Adjective
Seizures will occur when the toxins that the kidney normally filters out are released into the blood stream .	14	Adposition
These have been sighted among Iraqi crowds on Haifa Street in Baghdad and in Samarra .	4	Adposition
August 15 , 2008	1	Numeral
It 's always a bang - your - head - against - the - wall moment , reading again the play the incompetence theory receives , even from some of the Administration 's harshest mainstream critics .	20	Noun
Colorful lantern scenes not only fill the central square but also the surrounding 2 km circumference of the memorial .	18	Noun
Just then , the front door slammed .	3	Determiner
Please confidentially share matters as you think best and advise me of the interest generated .	14	Verb
The newly released papers , showing him complicit in the airliner bombing , were mentioned	1	Adverb
Tamils feel that the proposed defense agreement between India and Sri Lanka would encourage Sinhala rulers to prepare for another war abandoning the current peace process	14	Adjective
Do n't Let This Pass You By Without At Least Taking A Look .	11	Determiner
One of “ NCRC4ME ’s ” major efforts is to collect signatures for the attached “ Declaration of Religious Leaders , ” which has been and will again be presented to members of the NC legislature .	31	Noun
the deal number is 814014 - why ca n't you see this ?	8	Particle
Special permission from Dumbledore so he could play for Gryffindor .	6	Verb
My room was delightful and the attention to detail was amazing .	4	Conjunction
Hitchcock preferred to work with the best talent of his day — film poster designers such as Bill Gold and Saul Bass — who would produce posters that accurately represented his films .	30	Pronoun
Mrs Weasley was marching across the yard , scattering chickens , and for a short , plump , kind-faced woman , it was remarkable how much she looked like a saber-toothed tiger .	4	Adposition
Poll your co-workers .	0	Verb
Crude - oil prices rose Wednesday as strengthening Hurricane Rita , now a Category 5 storm , threatened to disrupt oil production in the Gulf of Mexico .	26	Proper Name
The numbers indicate that in his first four years , Bush not only showed up , he showed up a lot .	10	Proper Name
The Libyan blowing up of the Pan - Am flight had nothing to do with Israel , and I could go on and on and on .	3	Noun
The Award Dance Centre has moved from its Holderness Road site to a new complex on Chamberlain Road Hull .	18	Proper Name
Hedwig had woken up with a particularly loud screech and was beating her wings wildly against the bars of her cage .	14	Adverb
the staff is very personable & actually care about the customers safety rather than taking there money .	1	Noun
320 g ( 1 - 2/3 cups ) caster / superfine sugar	10	Adjective
" Look how the academy returns the pretty ones we send them !	8	Pronoun
This is more true for real-life situations than it is online , but this mantra has some truth in the world of IM flirting as well .	23	Verb
If you carry out the Save As command after making changes to the object 's formatting , but before saving your changes , the current formatting – not the saved formatting – will be used to create the page .	18	Conjunction
The shopkeeper will need right of recourse which he can use to recover his costs from the manufacturer .	9	Verb
He can not accept calls , visits or flowers at this time , since he is in the emergency room .?	19	Noun
I forgot to tell you that I saw your friend on a re-run Jeopardy the other night and I almost called you but it came on at 11:30 .	3	Verb
This article will show you how to save time and prevent wear , extending the life of your overalls until they are so soft you could wear them to bed .	5	Conjunction
Juan Cole ( www.juancole.com ) is a professor of modern Middle East history at the University of Michigan and author of " Sacred Space and Holy War " ( I.B. Tauris , 2002 ) .	19	Noun
The children can be checked in and checked out in a safe way at many activities so you can have a bit of free time without the little ones .	15	Noun
These may be reasonable assumptions , but the estimate was deeply unsettling to many .	3	Adjective
The centre of the falls is known locally as ‘ Garganta Del Diablo ’ ( The Devil ’s Throat ) , where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air .	23	Adjective
Dobby has heard of your greatness , sir , but of your goodness , Dobby never knew	15	Adverb
Well , T.V. is a series of flickering pictures that are streamed together to make a moving picture .	6	Adposition
In the standing photo ( from the front ) there is a corner of a rug creeping in , some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord .	13	Adposition
Two pan-democratic veteran politicians Lee Cheuk-yan of the Labour Party and Frederick Fung of ADPL were defeated in this constituency , with Junius Ho defeating Lee Cheuk-yan by around five thousand votes .	6	Adposition
Stillman 's train was not due to arrive until six-forty-one , but Quinn wanted time to study the geography of the place , to make sure that Stillman would not be able to slip away from him .	15	Particle
when the door opens , he will get that the one room is hers , and he will be OK with that .	6	Verb
I apologize for the following inconvenience , but I have decided to move this group to Yahoo , so that we can post files and photos and other useful things .	28	Adjective
The US has strongly opposed a nuclear weapons program of Iran , yet Israel , which to this day has never officially said that they posses nuclear weapons , ranks around fifth in nuclear strength .	22	Verb
I fully support the need for contacts with third countries .	2	Verb
The santorum neologism has inspired satirical forms of parody , including this political cartoon by Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal webcomic artist Zach Weiner .	0	Determiner
The procedures for the exercise of these implementing powers conferred on the Commission were laid down afresh in the Council Decision of June 1999 .	8	Noun
As it turned out , the Soviets never made it to the moon .	7	Adverb
Do n't they understand English ?	1	Particle
What culinary dishes would you recommend that go well with the Santorum cocktail ?	3	Verb
My oldest female and youngest male do this - I just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like chicken liver ( cooked ) for the anemic one , some arthritis stuff for the oldest .	16	Adposition
The management was easy to deal with during the planning stages , and the execution by the kitchen and wait staff was flawless .	10	Noun
Iranian officials say they made no objections to Khan ’s ouster because they want to strengthen Karzai ’s campaign against warlords .	18	Noun
the Member States obtain more powers .	0	Determiner
You understand it was a Continental concern , that Trading society ; but I have a lot of relations living on the Continent , because it 's cheap and not so nasty as it looks , they say .	22	Noun
Radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al - Sadr said the attack was " criminal " and that " the Zionists have left only one choice for the Arabs , that of fighting and jihad " .	21	Adverb
10 minutes of paperwork and I was the owner of a beautiful pre-owned 09 XF .	7	Determiner
I 'm not kidding , I once lost a hamster in my house 3 months later I walk down in the basement and it was as big as a rat .	26	Adjective
The document which had the stamp Protected B on every page detailed various security vulnerabilities of the NEMISIS database which is used by officers to track and prosecute environmental law-breakers .	7	Proper Name
Notwithstanding this , public procurement procedures initiated after accession shall be carried out in accordance with the relevant Union provisions .	10	Verb
will only be in Ho chi Minh for 4 days and I am looking for a 1 day or 2 day trip to Mekong delta .	20	Noun
It is a cloth napkin kind of place , but I thought well worth it .	3	Noun
The BBC is not responsible for the content of this e-mail , and anything written in this e-mail does not necessarily reflect the BBC 's views or opinions .	13	Pronoun
Most playwrights of the period typically collaborated with others at some point , and critics agree that Shakespeare did the same , mostly early and late in his career .	11	Noun
In so doing , it is supported by a committee of experts on the transport of dangerous goods under the regulatory procedure .	10	Adposition
It was a wrong number that started it , the telephone ringing three times in the dead of night , and the voice on the other end asking for someone he was not .	16	Noun
The referenced TAGG # was entered as a ' New Counterparty ' , can you please let me know what counterparty this is so we can correctly assess the counterparty exposure .	28	Determiner
Marriage is , in and of itself , a noble concept , but it too often leads to kids and kids flat out suck .	23	Verb
( 2 ) Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific , literary or artistic production of which he is the author .	8	Determiner
According to at least some reports , Bin Laden rejected the suggestion of a closer alliance -- preferring to pursue his own concept of jihad .	13	Determiner
While many mousers are great pets as well , not all are .	9	Particle
Which do you prefer Crab or Shrimp ?	3	Verb
To modern audiences , most of whom will have little experience of frontline conflict , Doss ’s feats belong to the realm of the unimaginable .	11	Adposition
User requests for additional AS400 functionality and reports have been aggressively prioritised and a code freeze will commence prior to the end of Q1 following the delivery of three reports determined as minimum requirements for the support of OBSF .	15	Noun
I am doing a project and need to know what kind food Argentina people eat for breakfast , lunch , and dinner .	4	Noun
But nothing had ever come of it , and he had felt stupid , as though there were a blind spot in the center of his brain .	21	Adposition
My cat is a outside cat but she loves it inside .	1	Noun
Go onto the UCAS website , go onto course search and search for the courses you want to do .	10	Conjunction
She gave me amazing pictures at an amazing price and made my wedding day so memorable .	7	Adjective
Many of his novels were initially serialized , like those of Dickens .	2	Determiner
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one of the most popular in North America .	19	Determiner
At a minimum your clothes should be neat , clean , and free from holes or tears .	0	Adposition
He was the third child of eight and the eldest surviving son .	8	Determiner
I eventually decided to just pay the balance even though the doctor has already been paid , but now the collection agency is trying to say another reversal of $ 160.00 has come through .	32	Verb
For a moment I stood appalled , as though by a warning .	11	Noun
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand , i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube .	30	Pronoun
The particular instruments mentioned in this Article include those referred to in Article IV - 438 of the Constitution .	1	Adjective
They was about to Charge me $ 129 ...	1	Verb
Later the Odara woman sang the new national anthem in a beautiful contralto , her big belly trembling under the robe .	6	Adjective
2 and then the Quarter field is filtered to display only Golf sales in Qtr3 .	4	Noun
Adolf Hitler even held an exhibition of ' degenerate art ' in 1937 , while curating a parallel show of ' Aryan ' art across the street .	1	Proper Name
Making Skittles vodka is a fun way to add a splash of fruity flavor and color to regular vodka .	1	Proper Name
I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted ( a reball ) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price .	26	Adjective
Blessings to you .	1	Adposition
If using a t-shirt to strain , be sure fabric softener or a dryer sheet had not been used with it , lets you get some extra ( unwanted ) flavoring ( and potentially toxic chemicals ) .	16	Particle
He responded by purchasing a classified advertisement in the Gazette De France , hoping that his anonymous critic would find it .	11	Proper Name
if this seems incredibly far-fetched , comfort yourself that double chute failure in modern times is also extremely unlikely , and that you have already beaten worse odds .	0	Conjunction
Do you have a tel # for Mike ?	6	Adposition
1 Choose the kind of basil you wish to grow .	8	Particle
The team at Bradley Chevron kept my car running for well past its expected death !	5	Verb
Will they treat and announce the competitions as they do all others — for better and worse ?	4	Verb
That s how they were caught .	4	Verb
Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons ' then - current trademark usage guidelines , as may be published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time .	15	Noun
The reason Mr Koch produced his sound report was because the work in the CEN and within the United Nations Economic Commission was proceeding none too expeditiously .	10	Determiner
I 'm nothing more than a devoted fan of the game myself and I hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan discussions .	0	Pronoun
The Wolfson Foundation of London has paid for the planting of gardens , and Arab kids are kicking a soccer ball in the green bottom of the valley .	19	Noun
I know how obstinate you are , Festus ...	5	Verb
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum	2	Proper Name
There was not one ounce of caring involved and anyone I can warn about the complete lack of service will be warned .	21	Verb
First , the profitability of an innovation may not be a good measure of its net contribution to our standard of living .	17	Adposition
Dando refused and Vivien had to go home to the children , and Rebecca Edwards protested that hers were alone too .	9	Determiner
My breyers need stables or barns though ..... and I need directions and materials on how to make them .	5	Noun
My next stop was Bellingham , right up near the Canadian border .	2	Noun
Of course , I do understand that modern - day Germany must be separated from the Nazi regime .	13	Verb
The flight of Fei and Nie could mark the end of the opening chapter in a three - phase Chinese space initiative , Johnson - Freese said .	15	Determiner
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to work , to free choice of employment , to just and favourable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment .	3	Pronoun
I have n't been able to find a shoe repair place in Seattle since that has been able to do it .	2	Particle
At last he managed to control himself , and sat with his great eyes fixed on Harry in an expression of watery adoration .	2	Pronoun
There is an abundance of supermarkets , one the most famous and unique being Caffasso ’s Fairway Market .	10	Adjective
The owner was VERY rude , accused me of not reading my contract , and basically told me to shut up when I was trying to ask questions to further understand the process of canceling my membership .	34	Verb
Here it is -- we printed this 2 - sided and laminated it .	1	Pronoun
Now truck fenders are rusting there , the twentieth century adding its crumbling metal to the great Jerusalem dust mixture .	13	Noun
Your answer to a question indicated that I have several of the skills you look for .	12	Noun
What is still being perpetuated in all civilized discussion is the ritual of civilized discussion itself .	4	Participle
For more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video tutorial : http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html	11	Proper Name
I expected to pay for this service , but imagine my surprise when I received a bill for MORE than what I paid to have the original return prepared .	4	Adposition
They went the extra mile to repair my cowboy boots -- they had to have a special kind of paper that looked like wood grain to fix the heels .	19	Noun
Before the phones went , I was told [ my family in Biloxi ] had lost their roof , barn , 2 oak trees and many pines and they were letting in water	23	Noun
At the beginning of the London conference in December 1912 the ambassadors of all six Great Powers rejected the plan for establishing an independent Albania .	12	Adposition
He eats all of his grain but it just takes him a while to get it chewed because of the lack of muscle in his jaws .	19	Determiner
A narrow road , and on the slopes acres and acres of stone .	8	Noun
According to a report issued by the Center for Strategic and International Studies in December of 2004 , Iran " has some 540,000 men under arms and over 350,000 reserves .	23	Noun
grey shirt " mark " of course with this type behavior he could have been wearing someon else s clothing .....	5	Adverb
You can specify the start and end values for the grouping range .	9	Determiner
as far as pre order go to and they have a list of major retailers that carry it there are also a few websites that you could order it off of .	22	Adjective
Your best bet would probably be to get a copy of the Lonely Planet Japan book and read the chapter on Okinawa .	0	Pronoun
Go three lights down and take a right onto Ogden .	2	Noun
It 's nice for horses that need a little more than a snaffle .	12	Noun
You want your dog to admire you as his pack leader , not fear you .	7	Adposition
" I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , " Baird said .	1	Pronoun
We then called the office and the man we spoke to said he 'd send someone out to look at it but could n't promise when - two weeks came and went and we heard nothing .	9	Verb
Harry looked at the cover of Mrs Weasley 's book .	8	Particle
lol ... Kolkata is not for sale !!!!!!	3	Verb
In other words , those Americans were there by their own choice , mired in a situation that was totally predictable .	9	Pronoun
Customizing the layout of a PivotChart view	0	Participle
She , her mother , and younger sister made ends meet by doing needlework , washing , and other jobs .	10	Verb
If you want to make other languages , you can use this language as a model and change some letters or sounds to create a different language .	8	Pronoun
I have gone there time and time again whenever I need to get my hair done or when I want a haircut .	8	Adverb
The Island is new to tourism , so if you are looking for a luxurious vacation this is not the right destination .	0	Determiner
Our project manager ( Scott Laidlaw ) and engineer ( Harry Okabayashi ) want to issue a tasking letter to procure engineering services on this project to support the ENA work .	18	Noun
Things have grown steadily since .	3	Adverb
While the Museum of Flight was in the top running , I m disappointed that NASA did not choose them .	16	Verb
Despite the aftershocks I would recommend going to Christchurch , just for the experience and then you can see first hand how things get effected by earthquakes .	7	Adposition
The wife smiled her smile , said she was glad to meet Quinn as though she meant it , and then extended her hand to him .	24	Adposition
One reader pointed out that the President watched the Americans in the embassy when they took them hostage .	3	Adposition
Fill it halfway with books , and fill it up with lighter stuff .	9	Adposition
Attached are the GCP Signoffs on EOL Approvals for 11/29/00 with GCP responses marked in Red .	12	Noun
In the end , the results were not favorable .	8	Adjective
In the following example , the Salesperson field is in the MultiChart area , but it 's filtered so it displays individual charts for Buchanan and Davolio .	26	Proper Name
I sat generally on the floor , while , of faultless appearance ( and even slightly scented ) , perching on a high stool , he wrote , he wrote .	2	Adverb
Place the cotton balls in areas where mice are likely to enter your house , by doorways , or heat vents , etc .	6	Conjunction
I have nothing but respect for people who adhear to non-violence , forgiveness , and charity , but it 's important to remember that Christians ( or ' Smartwolves ' ) do not have a monopoly on that particular lifestyle .	37	Determiner
These guys took Customer Service 101 from a Neanderthal .	0	Determiner
Something intelligible , something metaphysical is communicated by these colors .	9	Noun
Harry fought to keep his face straight as he emerged .	5	Noun
He was utterly gracious and took it like a man , I am beyond furious .	6	Pronoun
If you have been to the London Aquarium I would not even bother with this .	9	Verb
In Thessaly he defeated his enemies and by 352 , he was firmly in control of this region .	8	Numeral
But big reductions have also been pencilled in for cod , sole , plaice , megrim and pollack in the Celtic and Irish Seas .	8	Adposition
She did n't sleep , I do n't think .	3	Verb
The feasibility study estimates that it would take passengers about four minutes to cross the Potomac River on the gondola .	13	Verb
You have to pay CASH ONLY before they start unloading track on your destination .	5	Adverb
His inexperience and lack of capital caused his ruin in these trades .	6	Verb
It seems that the Palestinian leadership ( upcoming ) will not be a peace partner with Israel .	15	Adposition
Please note that the Declaration addresses only civil marriage ; it says nothing about religious beliefs or practices regarding marriage .	0	Interjection
Especially if you are planning to spend couple days with family and kids , which best suit you can select ?	10	Noun
I just wanted to check with you regarding the consulting arrangement we discussed a couple of weeks ago .	11	Pronoun
Another bad step was the recent arrest of Sheikh Hassan Al - Lihabi , of the Lihaib tribe which is scattered between the governorates of Al - Anbar , Mosul and Salah Al - Din .	29	Proper Name
I have asked for 4 outside ports and should anyone else need to join in , they may do so with the access code and without operator assistance .	12	Particle
Lamarr accompanied Mandl to business meetings where he conferred with scientists and other professionals involved in military technology .	17	Noun
Stardust is a NASA Discovery mission that was launched in 1999 .	7	Verb
I remain devoted full - time to the advancement of Firefox , the Mozilla platform and web browsing in general .	18	Adposition
so better inquire in railway office	2	Verb
Its splendour is mainly due to the beauty of its seven-colour mosaic tiles and calligraphic inscriptions .	9	Pronoun
Just because you have a male and female , it can not be guaranteed the two mated .	5	Noun
This scar was the only hint of Harry 's very mysterious past , of the reason he had been left on the Dursleys doorstep eleven years before .	11	Noun
It contains a tiny lagoon , which has all but dried up .	7	Verb
The team at Bradley Chevron kept my car running for well past its expected death !	10	Adverb
The measures shall be adopted according to the voting rules governing the adoption of the act from which a temporary derogation is sought .	10	Participle
I graduate in the spring , and so we 'd like to go between then and winter .	13	Adposition
What we are proposing specifically is a unified capital tax , which would make it possible to boost the funds used to support the harmonisation of social protection systems and the reduction of working hours at European level .	19	Noun
This makes it necessary to also take account of the ways in which materials and packaging are affected by cold of this kind .	6	Verb
What do you think about your phone ocnversation with Unlce Ben ( he was almost shocked ) ?	4	Adposition
James Bateman came the day I called and fixed the problem quickly and efficiently .	2	Verb
Please everyone .... take heed and do n't get caught up in the hype about DECOR and YOU working with every budget ...	9	Verb
The most fundamental human right , after the necessities of food , clothing and shelter , is the right to affection and the supportive love of other human beings .	20	Noun
About enabling the System Administrator ( SA ) user name in an Access project	1	Participle
What about the golden handshake – would n't it be cheaper , in the end ?	13	Determiner
If a Turkish employee quits , then the Turkish work councils come .	11	Verb
You might therefore wish to start right in on the first page of text that follows and only then return to this introduction .	3	Verb
As he passed the door to the living room , Harry caught a glimpse of Uncle Vernon and Dudley in bow-ties and dinner jackets .	22	Noun
Got the tile ripped out , call today , now all the sudden this grinder wo n't leave a finished look AND it 's $ 125 PLUS around $ 75 for the inserts .	12	Adverb
Such consequences include shifting and , in some cases , contraction of ranges and changes in species composition within ecosystems .	0	Adjective
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of May 1 .	27	Numeral
Jens Otto Harry Jespersen or Otto Jespersen ( Danish : [ ʌtˢo ˈjɛsb̥ɐsn̩ ] ; 16 July 1860 – 30 April 1943 ) was a Danish linguist who specialized in the grammar of the English language .	1	Proper Name
Wikinews interviewed one of the owners of a New York City bar about a popular new politically-themed cocktail drink called Santorum .	3	Adposition
I have to admit that I had serious misgivings during the first reading of the directive .	8	Noun
One minister reportedly handed out 100 dollar ' gifts ' to journalists attending a press conference for Allawi , a practice that brings back bad memories to many Iraqis .	4	Adposition
Very hard work from the boys in blue there !	6	Adposition
The interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections , but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 ( or so ) balloting centres .	31	Numeral
The Americans detected the attempt to infiltrate the urban areas and were already redeploying troops from the rural areas .	3	Determiner
It was there , in this Central African territory , that he had been a colonial servant until the settlers succeeded in having him recalled and deported for his support of the People 's Independence Party .	33	Particle
I have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35 % more light / heat and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well - being of him .	26	Adjective
Iodine deficiency can lead to serious health problems including brain damage , stunted growth and deafness .	5	Adjective
India 's Andaman and Nicobar Islands comprise more than 500 islands lying 1,000 kilometers east of Sri Lanka in the Bay of Bengal .	21	Adposition
Although Ramzi Binalshibh provided him $ 14,000 in July , accused September 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al Qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks .	14	Proper Name
long lines on the weekends but worth it	0	Adjective
Since that legislation came into being , there has been no noticeable difference .	8	Verb
That place did n't stay open too long :D	2	Verb
These responses have the added benefit of being natural launching points for conversations about your hobbies , like the writing you 're doing on the side and the great bourbon you tasted the other day .	18	Determiner
In time the eggs can suffocate in the shipping container .	7	Determiner
Doves are a species of pigeon , they are Seed eaters , they do not eat bread , or worms .	18	Conjunction
25 - Percentage of overall worldwide carbon dioxide emissions the United States is responsible for .	11	Proper Name
I bought a beginner s quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts .	5	Noun
It looks like The Lunar Transportation Systems , Inc. is visualizing a " space highway " going from the moon to Earth ( and back again ) .	21	Proper Name
I called over the weekend due to clogged kitchen sink .	5	Adposition
I decided to get a 150 gal aquarium , what can I fill it with ?	3	Verb
As he crossed the threshold and entered the apartment , he could feel himself going blank , as if his brain had suddenly shut off .	17	Conjunction
One side of the memorial is scenes made by student groups while other areas represent the counties of Taiwan .	6	Noun
When you move a field to the row area , the unique items of data within the field are displayed down the rows of the PivotTable view .	0	Conjunction
By 1604 , he had moved north of the river again , to an area north of St Paul 's Cathedral with many fine houses .	18	Proper Name
Most important , despite the Russian army massed against us , we are embarking on an election campaign .	0	Adverb
Do nt go to the one by pepco , I got confused !!!	3	Adposition
It will , I hope , be examined in a positive light .	9	Determiner
Neither the ISO board , which had established the price cap , nor the governor learned of Winter 's actions until the cap had been removed .	14	Noun
They each grabbed a copy of Break with a Banshee , and sneaked up the line to where the rest of the Weasleys were standing with Mr and Mrs Granger .	12	Verb
The mass murder happening right now in Sudan , where the Arab Moslem regime is massacring its black Christian citizens , has nothing to do with Israel .	13	Noun
Place it down so that its breast is carrying its weight and rests on the ground .	0	Verb
He saw the argument for making the call , and at the same time he saw the argument for not making it .	7	Noun
Various private interests own the remaining land , totaling about one percent of the state .	5	Verb
UVB on the other hand can only be reproduced by a fluorescent source .	5	Verb
Ca n't catch you this time but 14721 keep me posted on your next trip .	6	Conjunction
Harry stared .	0	Proper Name
More than anything else at Hogwarts , more even than playing Quidditch , Harry missed his best friends , Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger .	9	Adposition
Be fluent in your own made up language and start spreading this to your friends , family and strangers !	11	Pronoun
2 - Percentage of the world 's oil used by Britain .	10	Proper Name
Last year we just knew we were going to the playoffs ; we knew we were going post-season .	7	Verb
Two other Dulaim leaders have been killed in the past week and a half .	12	Determiner
But , Madam President , my personal request has not been met .	6	Adjective
What is most needed in this , as well as in other areas , is a serious in depth analysis of the problems .	2	Adverb
You can export just the data from a table , query , datasheet , form , or report into an XML file .	8	Noun
No cards , no presents , and he would be spending the evening pretending not to exist .	16	Verb
The goal is for him to move on with his life and for us to move on as well .	1	Noun
If that 's ok , how do you want your name to show up on the title and what address should I use ?	16	Noun
I had buried my husband in a lead box sunk into the mud of the bottom of the river , where all the riverboatmen lie .	14	Determiner
Its projected demand , boosted by a huge rise in car ownership as well as the need to find alternatives to polluting coal for electricity generation , has contributed to the surge in the price of oil this year .	8	Noun
He listened to the bush and had the old feeling , in the bush , of being listened for .	0	Pronoun
You have heard , of course , that the Ministry is conducting more raids , said Mr Malfoy , taking a roll of parchment from his inside pocket and unravelling it for Mr Borgin to read .	25	Pronoun
The only product of any significance is canned tomatoes , but even they account for no more than 7 -% of the market .	12	Pronoun
The French Digital Council , which advises on bills in line with questions of digital technology , could also scrutinise it .	11	Adposition
He lay on his bed watching the sun sinking behind the bars on the window and wondered miserably what was going to happen to him .	3	Pronoun
The CIA did not even allow the FBI access to KSM for 10 days after his arrest .	1	Proper Name
All aspects of the joke you tell , from the content to the length , need to be suited to your audience .	11	Adposition
" While we do n't have anything specific to announce today , Google and the Wikimedia Foundation are collaboratively evaluating creative ways to support Wikipedia.org and its community . "	19	Verb
And she pulled a heavy book from the stack on the mantelpiece .	7	Determiner
NASA tweeted support of Ahmed Mohamed via its account International Space Station	6	Adposition
‘’ Pakistan now has a large force deployed in Baluchistan which was not there before , ’’ says Lt. General David Barno .	12	Particle
Any news on Aunt Toni ?	4	Proper Name
Many scientists say that technology to remove carbon from the air will now be needed to meet the Paris targets .	0	Adjective
Winter defied his own board and Gov. Gray Davis when he filed a 50 - page request to remove the caps , records and interviews show .	17	Particle
Like you said " the kids egg him on " .	1	Pronoun
Dessert was ... hmmm , that 's interesting , I do n't even remember dessert .	10	Verb
May has received great criticism for avoiding and not responding openly to the media after the judicial ruling on Brexit .	5	Conjunction
Stillman could wander , he could stagger like a blindman from one spot to another , but this was a privilege denied to Quinn .	8	Determiner
The Iraqi Islamic Party lead by Muhsin Abdul Hamid , has been among the few Sunni Muslim groups willing to cooperate ( even if rather lukewarmly ) with the Americans .	3	Proper Name
However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .	7	Participle
If you can afford to go before , then by all means , GO .	10	Determiner
If you concentrate on that feel just before the trot you can figure it out and the timing is essential to push her at that instant .	19	Adjective
The study interpreted these three factors as proxies for earnings forgone by rebellion , and therefore that lower forgone earnings encourage rebellion .	20	Verb
Athens today is ever evolving , forging a brand new identity for the 21st century .	3	Adverb
If you have a pet store near buy some wheat , pigeon corn or even mixed bird seed will do , but do not feed bread .	14	Adverb
I specially did n't say anything about the colour because I did n't want to muddle you up .	11	Verb
If I had been in your place , I probably would have done the same thing .	12	Participle
I was very pleased with my experience here .	2	Adverb
The first and foremost was the Ohio River , which flowed into the Mississippi River .	2	Conjunction
They would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they do n't want 3 people in that small apartment .	26	Noun
While Pride and Prejudice will attract many readers , I do n't know about O'Reilly 's latest tome on XML ... though I might be wrong .	1	Proper Name
We plan to use the same basic form for the Enron guaranty that will be made in favor of EPMI with respect to the seller 's obligations under the PPA .	10	Proper Name
THE MANAGER CAME OVER AND SAID HE WAS SORRY AND GAVE A NEW BATCH OF WINGS , HE SAID WE CA NT REALLY DO ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS ARE ALWAYS OPENING AND CLOSING .	29	Adverb
I spoke with Gerald and he said there are a bunch of folks hanging around Dad 's place .	14	Adposition
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement , and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what 's in the draft ?	3	Particle
If you are moving the line away from the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows larger .	37	Adjective
There began one of those chases about in the night that , Bray saw , Neil Bayley fiercely enjoyed .	15	Proper Name
Almost 2600 persons participated in these events .	2	Noun
George handed the hairpin to Ron and a moment later , Hedwig had soared joyfully out of the window to glide alongside them like a ghost .	14	Adverb
In 1976 , the racecourse was no longer used ; in 1990 , a fire destroyed what remained of the wooden grandstands , which were later demolished along with the stables .	30	Noun
If You create a Derivative Work , upon notice from any Licensor You must , to the extent practicable , remove from the Derivative Work any reference to such Licensor or the Original Author , as requested .	21	Adposition
Clinton had worked out a deal with Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in summer of 1999 that would have allowed the US to send a Special Ops team in after Bin Laden in Qandahar , based from Pakistan .	4	Determiner
" Another generation of heavy metal has taken over , and -- sorry -- it ai n't just about strippers and dope .	16	Particle
Again , pairs or trios and pretty big living space .	5	Conjunction
As the car rattled through the park toward the West Side , Quinn looked out the window and wondered if these were the same trees that Peter Stillman saw when he walked out into the air and the light .	35	Noun
Service was average , but nothing special , and restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do a better job of training their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly , not merely capable .	12	Verb
" All of the research and all of the preparation I did leading up to the trip gave no indication that there were bears in the Soper [ River ] valley where we were canoeing , " Dr. Fortier said .	8	Determiner
It resulted , however , in the abandonment of important pieces of heavy artillery , and it remains a matter of historical debate why the railway to Flensburg was never properly used for the evacuation .	33	Determiner
Any news on how SCE and SDG&E will move forward ?	3	Adverb
I did n't expect to react that way , but when I was looking around my workplace in Nashua , New Hampshire , and everyone else looked pretty much like me , it was really very eerie .	34	Adverb
They were very professional , neat and clean .	0	Pronoun
nice sarcasm .	1	Noun
After you paste the line , you do not need to recreate the group – the new line is automatically part of the group .	3	Determiner
By comparing my observations to what my colleagues and predecessors had found , I figured out what group it belongs to , and was able to determine that within that group , it was a new species .	34	Determiner
Personally I do n't give a damn what adults do to one another as long as there is no abuse invovled .	11	Numeral
On my panel , Loretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers .	6	Verb
I have written a lot recently about healing the self so today here are a few words on healing our collective body , mind and soul .	1	Verb
You can only import a single document at a time into Access .	1	Verb
Resignation of a Vice-President	3	Noun
07/17/2000 02:34 PM	0	Numeral
Fungi don't like to rot from bacteria , and so our best antibiotics come from fungi .	5	Adposition
I do n't know if this will change other nation 's perceptions of America .	0	Pronoun
Seconds later , a bell clanged , and Malfoy stepped into the shop .	3	Determiner
In Baghdad the fighting still continues in several areas , mostly in Sadr city and Adhamiya .	1	Proper Name
Another answer is that Edwards certainly knows far more about foreign affairs now than Bush did then .	14	Proper Name
" Today " , said Hugo at the ceremony , " we have a people in black because of the death of the man of talent ;	1	Adverb
Why has there been no Health and Safety Committee meeting since 1998 ?	9	Noun
I have a Saab ... which everything is expensive on and they have been extrememly fair and price a lot lower than any other shop I called .	24	Noun
I guess they figured me for an easy mark , and tried to explain that my car would n't pass unless I replaced a hose .	4	Pronoun
Your life might take on an entirely new direction you 've never dreamed of .	7	Adjective
I bought about half of the furniture I own from this place .	6	Noun
For those with a larger appetite for the scenery and a larger budget , there are some hotel complexes much closer to the action with views of parts of the falls .	2	Adposition
After you are elected in 2004 , what will your memoirs say about you , what will the title be , and what will the main theme say ?	10	Noun
The sitting was suspended at 7.15 p.m and resumed at 9 p.m .	3	Participle
Sometimes there was gunfire outside and we jumped , even Mam on the bed .	10	Proper Name
actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	26	Noun
Hopelessness will be lost .	2	Verb
If you select controls of different types , Microsoft Access displays only the properties that are shared by the group in the property sheet .	3	Noun
Since the 1960s , the South Korean economy has grown enormously and the economic structure was radically transformed .	16	Adverb
The entire negotiation took about 20 minutes .	0	Determiner
You can improve the overall security of your account by updating your security information .	4	Adjective
Nobody can claim that the interference of Afghanistan ’s neighbours is over , but the elections will do much to strengthen Karzai and deal more firmly with neighbours ’ interference .	15	Noun
However , this fruitful period was short-lived , as Greece suffered badly under the Ottoman Empire , only to recover in the 19th century as the capital of independent Greece .	12	Adposition
* Preserves a rate differential between the Redwood and Baja paths , although somewhat less than the current differential . *	7	Noun
how much does it cost to join world resorts international ?	0	Adverb
The appropriate forum for the settlement of this dispute is the World Trade Organisation .	11	Noun
If you are planning on being somewhere at a certain time , one might suggest leaving a good 10 to 15 minutes to escape local traffic before hitting any major roadways .	25	Noun
4 ) If they are not going up by now you just got ta keep trying and keep trying .	10	Pronoun
For the most part , your outward life this year will go in fits and starts - alternating periods of intense activity with times of welcome rest .	25	Adjective
Using a field in the Filter axis	3	Adposition
Nevertheless , as time wore on he found himself doing a good imitation of a man preparing to go out .	3	Noun
Sat. Sept. 30 - Paris	4	Proper Name
Arrogance and smugness is often a reflection of limited life experience , and feeling concerned that those with greater life experience " have got something over them " .	15	Conjunction
For the past 25 years landlocked Afghanistan has suffered from constant interference from its neighbours - Pakistan , Iran and the Central Asian Republics - and regional powers - Russia and India .	3	Numeral
The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting developers .	14	Adposition
I think if you can not afford to get him treated that you should not consider him as a prospect .	2	Conjunction
I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has .	12	Pronoun
Vangie McGilloway Constellation Power Source , Inc. ( " CPS " ) 111 Market Place Ste 500 Baltimore , MD 21202 Phone 410-468-3798 Fax 410-468-3499 Email vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com	14	Proper Name
By that time , however , he had accumulated enough points in each year to cover six years of service .	16	Numeral
For want of any other idea , he closed his eyes .	2	Adposition
If you are looking for towing services that can offer you a good towed car service , then Auto Towing is the company for you .	5	Noun
As it moves over land , it is cut off from the source of energy driving the storm [ which is ] the evaporation of water from the warm sea surface ;	28	Adjective
All the same , we must not content ourselves with enacting European law to ensure greater safety .	14	Verb
I found that the lion , in place of his sword , now held a rather large plaque .	4	Noun
They assumed a value -- unspecified -- for non-commercial species , and in doing so rendered the warming news a bit less rosy .	20	Noun
Eventually when he found his brother he had resolution .	5	Noun
If his Democrat opponent were to be elected , he assured that she would be ' under investigation for years ' .	12	Pronoun
Thought I recognized you in Rome .	5	Proper Name
2 teaspoons red wine or apple cider vinegar	5	Noun
He also told me that he worked on the cast of will and grace and that they were all jerks .	2	Verb
The Palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank were not driven by economic considerations .	20	Proper Name
After the State Ball there was a private all-night party in a marquee .	9	Noun
Zawahiri 's mission in the United States in 1995 was to do spadework for terrorism , not fundraising for charitable causes .	17	Noun
Proposal for a COUNCIL DECISION amending and extending Council Decision of 17 December 2001 establishing an exchange , assistance and training programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting ( the " Pericles " programme ) .	16	Noun
I dropped the truck off in the morning and it was ready that afternoon .	9	Pronoun
Archibald says Mr. Bush would come into the office and , in a friendly way , offer up stories about the drinking he 'd done the night before , kind of as a conversation starter .	8	Noun
When it comes to genetic engineering , however , science seems to matter less than politics .	7	Adverb
After the death of his mother in 1846 and his father in 1848 , he sailed west , arriving in San Francisco possibly in November 1849 .	22	Adverb
An examination of the ramifications of such an attack is desperately in order .	10	Adverb
Voldemort might be a ruin of his former self , but he was still terrifying , still cunning , still determined to regain power .	17	Adjective
- The programme has improved awareness of the Community dimension of the euro and has also developed a greater understanding amongst the participants of the related laws and instruments and in particular of the relevant Community and broader European law .	28	Noun
So I just needed to know if it is a suitable place to live in and in what ways .	9	Determiner
... but basically , what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy ... lots of patience , lots of time , lots of praise , lots of treats , and lots of repition .... Right ?	15	Noun
This formidable enemy , which gave the Indian army a black eye in the mid-1980s , has been operating in northeastern India and in the Andaman Sea for a long time .	6	Determiner
In addition to my other comments on the Mid Market Power Form , I think you should add a forward contract rep .	10	Noun
Adamson was in the flush of victory , all right .	2	Adposition
Through TV and newspapers , I hear constantly about identity fraud using stolen social security information .	13	Adjective
With the help of debit card data , the Essen police are investigating four people who stood by and watched while a retiree died in a bank .	14	Noun
The Globe opened in autumn 1599 , with Julius Caesar one of the first plays staged .	14	Noun
By default , the AllowAdditions , AllowDeletions , and AllowEdits properties of all group levels in a data access page created from a report are set to False .	16	Determiner
Last year , after all was said and done , I asked Rod whether my payment structure would leave me with no / little tax liability at the end of the year .	12	Proper Name
Food is often expired so check the dates every time !	8	Determiner
Can you post a link that shows all the art works that were never found after the Natzi stole them ?	19	Pronoun
I seem to recall the object was to smuggle explosives .	0	Pronoun
Just because you 're stuck , does nt give you the right to drag down all the singles around you .	6	Verb
He achieved some fame as an architect by redesigning the City Hall in New York for the First Congress of the United States ( See : Federal Hall ) .	26	Proper Name
Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today .	4	Adposition
You informed me that you would discuss this with your attorney .	0	Pronoun
The Greek Orthodox Church estimates that number is closer to 40,000 .	4	Verb
Bloom Legal was really attentive to my problem , and Seth Bloom took the time to help me understand the legal issue I was dealing with .	6	Pronoun
Throughout history , tyrants have known that by denying the right of oppressed peoples to form and nurture families , they can kill the spirit of those peoples .	14	Particle
They need to see the political dimension working , to see that officials accept their responsibilities and that there is communication with the citizens .	22	Determiner
I 'm still trying to find out what it will take to move gas on and ENA tabs agreement .	5	Verb
You 'll be able to use your 1 - 4 years of experience with Toxic Tort to complement your desire to stay with the firm .	12	Noun
Shakespeare collaborated on two further surviving plays , Henry VIII and The Two Noble Kinsmen , probably with John Fletcher .	5	Participle
Winter is definitely low season , with the occasional rainy or snowy day , but also an ideal time to save money while enjoying the city without countless other travelers and tourists .	11	Adjective
" Hamas remains targeted by Israel , as in the past , and the Israeli occupation does not need excuses to pursue its aggression .	13	Determiner
Though '' decided '' is probably not the right word , since from the day they were born , these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders .	0	Conjunction
Some of that time was just lost time -	2	Determiner
Any suggestions would be really helpful , thanks !	1	Noun
The world – and by extension the UK – is facing a shortage of people with the skills needed to mount an effective defence .	21	Determiner
To tell the truth , this 's the first time for a week we 've had time to sit down to eat .	15	Verb
Glandular secretions will become regulated .	3	Verb
" The black race is the people through which the devil has always been able to bring evil unto the earth , " Jeffs has said as cited by the Southern Poverty Law Center 's " Intelligence Report . "	27	Verb
This is a beautiful site and a wonderful idea .	8	Noun
My concern is that between now and then Dunn , the AG have the time and resources to make a heckuvalot of mischief , which could be detrimental to generators / marketers ' claims .	18	Verb
They wear extremely loud shirts , blue-green sprigged with red berries , but they strike me as good fellows and are neat and nimble about the table .	8	Adposition
The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date ( or start date ) to the Termination Date ( or end date ) .	3	Determiner
I am on board .	3	Noun
Privately as well as publicly , Springer vigorously pursued reconciliation with the Jewish people and took many trips to Israel .	6	Proper Name
The family here ( California ) wanted to fly any family members from there to CA , so they could remain here until things got straightened out down there .	22	Conjunction
Last year in my section at the stadium I had a banner that read We Know ' .	10	Determiner
Who was that I do n't know ... one of the people from the plane ... a baldish fair man with an accent , I did n't catch the name .	18	Adjective
This means that messages initiated at Corp and intended for the entire Enron organization will not reach any business units outside the Corp domain .	20	Adposition
I would suggest a warmer season , but not Spring Break or early summer .	9	Noun
Try the local sake too if you can .	1	Determiner
But the depth and persistence of the ongoing crisis have exposed the euro 's fundamental fragilities , and should serve as a warning that today 's technocratic Band - Aids may not hold in the face of another shock .	31	Particle
Secular Arab nationalist groups also universally sympathize with the Palestinians , and those in post-Saddam Iraq are no exception .	16	Verb
I took the weekend off and came in and asked for the manager who is Jeff and he remembered her right away even remembered her dog , I was a bit shocked that someone would pay that close attention .	2	Determiner
It included three tracks cowritten with Rafferty 's brother Jim , also a singer - songwriter , who had been signed to Decca Records in the 1970s .	2	Numeral
For men , ankle-length pants are mandatory ;	6	Adjective
Our community is full of volunteers from all over the world .	1	Noun
When you see the first green tendrils push up through the soil , it 's time to remove the plastic wrap .	19	Noun
What do I look as if I 'd sing ?	8	Verb
I am saying when comparing all other hotels in Wildwood , this hotel has everything that we are looking for .	4	Verb
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	29	Pronoun
I 'll post highlights from the opinion and dissents when I 'm finished .	8	Noun
We will fight with them about who owes the $ 200 k that James mentions below based on their failure to " assist " us in managing the cost .	25	Conjunction
Maybe one day they will allow space tourism , ( hopefully that will be in the near future ) although I would recommend that NASA build new shuttles instead of trying to preserve the older ones .	29	Conjunction
Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter to chapter .	14	Adverb
She looks at me and then at Renata , who is smiling , and finally submits uncomprehendingly .	6	Adposition
Both were excellent sales men who put my needs first .	0	Determiner
Sungjoo Lee Stochastic Processes and Simulation in Finance Georgia Institute of Technology School of Industrial and Systems Engineering E-mail address : goldconn@isye.gatech.edu gte114t@prism.gatech.edu Home : 404-449-1026 Office : Coming Soon !	12	Proper Name
He studied art at the Royal Academy in the Louvre , as well as with his father at the Royal Academy of Painting and Sculpture .	23	Conjunction
Hi , i 'm looking to take myself and my best friend and his girl friend and this girl i really like out to dinner for my birthday .	24	Noun
The Commission may adopt any technical provisions necessary for the operation of the temporary Cash - flow and Schengen Facility .	1	Noun
And olive oil works fine if it 's all that 's left in the pantry .	9	Pronoun
Again , the number was busy .	5	Adjective
In the top of the fourth St. Louis scored five runs , and Quinn turned off the picture as well .	13	Proper Name
We don't really have to play it ;	5	Verb
What you have read in the internet is fairly accurate but of course it does not fit all scenarios .	3	Verb
She has also been charged with trying to kill her two - year - old daughter .	6	Verb
A series of scholarly editions of his work , notably those of Samuel Johnson in 1765 and Edmond Malone in 1790 , added to his growing reputation .	13	Proper Name
Attorney Robert Sarvis , the Libertarian Party 's nominee for Governor of Virginia , answered five questions submitted via e-mail by accredited Wikinews reporter William Saturn .	22	Proper Name
Bush also nominated A. Noel Anketell Kramer for a 15 - year term as associate judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals , replacing John Montague Steadman .	27	Proper Name
We had a lot of colonies containing a lot of ants , and wherever possible we conducted the experiment blind .	7	Determiner
It definitely has ambitions to rule vast areas and to expand in all directions .	2	Verb
If you want to make changes to the design of the resulting page , you can open the page in Design view and make any changes you want .	6	Adposition
Shakespeare 's will scarcely mentions his wife , Anne , who was probably entitled to one third of his estate automatically .	11	Verb
Athens was just a small provincial village when it was chosen in the 1830s to serve as the national capital of the modern Greek State .	8	Pronoun
3 When you filter a field , the drop-down arrow Field arrow for the filtered field changes to blue instead of black , and the AutoFilter button on the toolbar is selected .	31	Participle
And what problems were solved ?	2	Noun
All you have to do is sign up for one free offer ( such as efax ) and then cancel within the offer time frame .	21	Determiner
An old wooden street sign hanging over a shop selling poisonous candles told him he was in Knockturn Alley .	5	Participle
They offer sales that are n't really sales , mislabeled items that make the item sound like a good deal when it is n't , a bad attitude about return items , and on and on .	11	Pronoun
The term of the Transaction shall be from the Effective Date ( or start date ) to the Termination Date ( or end date ) .	9	Adjective
- The programme should continue for a further 4 years at least with the same budget ( 1 million euro per year ) and with the same measures and target groups .	17	Numeral
Here 's a story ... as I was waiting at the bus stop ( 7:35 am ) to go to school , a lady approached me and asked if I 'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus .	19	Adposition
even though I have never tried hoa salon but I agree with other reviewers that they are rude .	14	Conjunction
one was strong and healthy , while the other was emaciated , shackled , carrying the baggage of disease , and confronting the massive barrier of malnutrition .	17	Adposition
Allegedly , Thomas ' sister pleaded with him to send Gloria to a conventional medical doctor , but he replied " I am not able to do that " .	23	Particle
They also claimed not to see anything wrong with the blower fan ( a seperate issue ) , but when I drove the car home I had the same symptoms .	15	Noun
The friendly crew working was great & very helpful .	4	Verb
I have terrible hair and he really takes his time to make it look right .	6	Adverb
The centre of the falls is known locally as ‘ Garganta Del Diablo ’ ( The Devil ’s Throat ) , where the huge volume of water sends a constant mist of spray into the air .	16	Proper Name
Both Mr. Parenteau and Ms. Doyon were airlifted to a hospital and survived , though Mr. Parenteau had a gash within a centimetre of his jugular , Dr. Fortier said .	17	Verb
The Agel compensation plan includes the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it .	3	Noun
If you move the line upward , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line below remains constant , and the perpendicular line above the moving line contracts .	5	Adverb
From the west , the A59 and the M62 provide connections from Liverpool and Manchester , and from the north the A1 and the A19 link York with Tyneside , Northumberland and south-eastern Scotland .	2	Noun
The most well known effects of IDD are visible goiter and cretinism , a condition characterised by severe brain damage occurring in very early life .	11	Noun
You wo n't be tripping over boxes and you can have a better idea of what you have and where things are .	7	Conjunction
Wherever he is , authorities need to focus on the traceable connection between him and those he or Atef recruited .	14	Conjunction
Greece was divided into many small , self - governing communities , a pattern largely dictated by Greek geography : every island , valley and plain is cut off from its neighbours by the sea or mountain ranges .	1	Verb
I might also add a few items about international developments and the EEI physical power trading form .	1	Verb
There was n't one that was not broken .	4	Pronoun
I came in for alterations ( free , by the way ) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse .	18	Pronoun
They needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files on Wilson .	8	Pronoun
Now feed the one in the breeding tank as much bloodworms , blackworms and / or earthworms as it can eat for 3 - 5 days .	24	Numeral
They have undoubtedly recognized their failure in the Arab world and may even be preparing to reopen diplomatic relations with Israel .	2	Adverb
can children go on the Eurostar train on there own to France and where about is the Eurostar located	18	Verb
This is a photograph by Franz Hueber .	2	Determiner
If you select controls of different types , Microsoft Access displays only the properties that are shared by the group in the property sheet .	18	Determiner
You 'll experience a new sense of purpose and make plenty of new friends .	12	Adjective
Reports from Port Blair make it evident that New Delhi gets little on - the - ground intelligence , and the Indian Coast Guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands .	2	Proper Name
China 's export - led growth miracle would not have started in the 1980 ' s without the American consumer .	19	Noun
it s definitely not you .	4	Pronoun
They are entitled to equal rights as to marriage , during marriage and at its dissolution .	6	Adposition
I used to e-mail Vince Kaminski about the advice on his article " The Challenge of Pricing and Risk Managing Electricity Derivatives " and he had mailed me the copy .	5	Proper Name
if everything is filtered , and you still have this problem - try changing the filter - if it is still there , try doubling up on the filters ...	1	Pronoun
Did services I asked them NOT to do and was still charged .	4	Pronoun
In today 's instant world , there 's no reason for the instructor not to even have given us a phone call or e-mail if she was going to be late .	6	Pronoun
Prideful people have a strong need to look good , and being self-sufficient is an effective way to do that .	7	Verb
They will make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent themselves .	1	Verb
Buddakan inevitably attracts the majority of its guests simply because of its association with Steven Starr , but that does n't impress me .	13	Adposition
However , they can remain dangerous storms due to very heavy rains and subsequent landslides , and river flooding .	14	Noun
" I 'm told two things : that it 's neither classified nor secret and that it 's stuff that could be available under access to information , " Baird said .	15	Conjunction
ANA used a creative grouping of keywords to target advertising to users specifically interested in traveling and Japanese culture and developed advert creative that resonated with their audience .	17	Adjective
I will be completing my tour of duty in Bolivia in September of this year .	8	Adposition
A tall Puerto Rican man in a white cardboard chef 's hat stood behind the counter .	8	Noun
If you want the best for your child , do n't hesitate in visiting this wornderful school .	12	Conjunction
They are adorable they have beautiful colors and personality .	3	Pronoun
You can filter on more than one field at a time to further narrow the focus .	2	Verb
That 's my favorite show of all time .	2	Pronoun
you play too much cod ;P	2	Adverb
Know this well because I remember an ' irish ' pub in the town in canada i grew up in used to advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town , but they served them in american sized pints .	37	Adjective
I am putting the credit worksheet on the fax machine to you as soon as I send this message .	0	Pronoun
What 's going on with the UBS weather position ?	5	Determiner
I realize that it may sound strange , but we are desparate in our efforts and are willing to try anything to help our dear sick friend .	4	Verb
With protests going on in the Chilean capital of Santiago ( from the economic summit ) , President Bush visited Chinese President Hu Jintao and other key allies in Santiago .	13	Adjective
The tallest plants on Earth at that time were less than two feet .	11	Numeral
It is heartening that the European Union recognises the problems and is willing to focus on them .	11	Verb
We are only doing public domain works , for a number of reasons , partly to keep simplicity in our copyright situation -- public domain means it s as simple as can be .	3	Masdar
one about uncontrollable lust for a married woman of dark complexion ( the " dark lady " ) , and one about conflicted love for a fair young man ( the " fair youth " ) .	21	Adposition
If we are to get a common transport market genuinely up and running , it is important that we should not only have regulations but that these regulations should also , as far as possible , apply to every country .	5	Determiner
I started with 21 email addresses .	5	Noun
Clough only goes in for the last year , after self-government 's been granted and the date for independence 's been given .	18	Noun
In a very few hours I arrived in a city that always makes me think of a whited sepulcher .	17	Adjective
While they are extremely accurate , laser sights do not operate well when drunk or high because the beam often does not show up on the target .	24	Adposition
The Hydor SlimSkim Nano is a good nano protein skimmer , it 's an in - tank design that could easily sit in your sump .	17	Noun
The feasibility study estimates that it would take passengers about four minutes to cross the Potomac River on the gondola .	10	Numeral
After the death of his mother in 1846 and his father in 1848 , he sailed west , arriving in San Francisco possibly in November 1849 .	9	Pronoun
We have had too many decades of Ivy League elites and Professors immersed in theory .	9	Noun
But the arrogant person is usually more than happy to show their cruel side to those that they do n't like .	17	Pronoun
In my opinion , we should show CRRA a copy of the LOI with the assumption that the Development Agreement is attached .	19	Noun
So , if anyone can give me some advice , I 'd sure appreciate it !	0	Adverb
By the way , Cullen and Dykman is sending copies of what we are doing to Melanie Gray .	8	Verb
$ 59,339 - Amount the Bush campaign reimbursed Enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign .	15	Noun
I would suggest going for tribal Sheikhs rather than clerics , since they have the upper hand in their areas and can effectively root out any Ba'athists in their midst in return for a promise of sharing power and authority .	6	Noun
I have a basking spot lamp that says it is a double reflector that focuses 35 % more light / heat and provides beneficial UVA rays important to the psycholical well - being of him .	11	Adjective
Some jokes also have what is called a tag or topper , which is an additional punchline .	7	Determiner
She has professional hair , lightly streaked .	2	Adjective
This is more true for real-life situations than it is online , but this mantra has some truth in the world of IM flirting as well .	25	Adverb
This gives the developer considerable control over the output of the XML data .	12	Noun
Unlike the introverted Hamlet , whose fatal flaw is hesitation , the heroes of the tragedies that followed , Othello and King Lear , are undone by hasty errors of judgement .	8	Verb
Many families are set to plan a best holidaying .	0	Adjective
Just wanted you to know that Eric came by as scheduled today and sprayed our house for scorpions .	10	Verb
They do n't do certain things that are really annoying about other offices .	9	Adjective
The phones and networks are compatible , so the only reason it would n't work would be if you have , say , a cheap cell phone company ..	4	Verb
Filtering by selection is particularly useful for fields in the detail area , when you want to view all of the rows that contain a particular value .	7	Noun
Great place to catch a band or catch up with friends .	4	Determiner
You can go further and feel that your unit consciousness , a dot in the Infinite Consciousness , is merging with Infinity .	15	Adjective
Get masking tape or packing tape and tape screws and other little things that came out of something back against it .	2	Noun
I 'm very happy with the piano lessons Mrs. Lynda Mcmanus taught me .	2	Adverb
Final authority over lifting the cap rested with the federal government .	2	Conjunction
Here s my reason .....	0	Adverb
He estimated that there should be around 45 particles , but this number is very uncertain — I would n't be surprised if it is quite different from that .	28	Pronoun
The Visual Basic project of a Microsoft Access file contains references to object libraries , and it can also contain references to other files , including other Access files .	3	Noun
He must have been looking too hard , for a moment later she turned to him with an irritated expression on her face and said , You got a problem , mister ?	29	Noun
Usually they blow dry it out and i have to wait until i wash it to see what it will look like in its natural state .	4	Pronoun
Lower and lower went the flying car .	0	Adjective
But it looks like Google is n't opening it's mouth about the reason behind the offer as Linux News reports :	10	Adposition
They sell feed and milk bottles at the front and I recommend you buy lots .	4	Noun
Each of those 10 million have families , friends , neighbors ... and so closer and closer does the We interface with the You .	12	Conjunction
Otherwise there was only an indefinable , faint expression of his lips , something stealthy – a smile – not a smile – I remember it , but I ca n't explain .	17	Noun
Mrs Weasley now came galloping into view , her handbag swinging wildly in one hand , Ginny just clinging onto the other .	8	Pronoun
He also remarked that " the existence of such a document could lead to consequences that are as likely as they are unacceptable " .	16	Verb
We are following up with Sue and Robbie on a couple legal issues , case law and MSA self - certification language , and let me know if you have additional items .	24	Verb
$ 1 m - Estimated value of a painting the Bush Presidential Library in College Station , Texas , received from Prince Bandar , Saudi Arabia 's ambassador to the United States and Bush family friend .	14	Proper Name
Finally , the amendment tabled by the rapporteur is perfectly logical and I can , therefore , give it my wholehearted support .	21	Noun
After they sporulate , they do rot .	1	Pronoun
Data fields provide the values to be summarized in the chart .	4	Noun
Her mind was on the broader pictures —	2	Verb
This gives them a competitive edge for the interim period .	0	Pronoun
Please let me know what type of statement I should make back to the customer .	14	Noun
christmas ~ 100	2	Numeral
He 's dropping weight , but most of that came from being at the trainer s and being ridden hard for 60 days .	19	Adverb
We had an inside cabin and it is what I would recommend .	2	Determiner
What your morning paper did not tell you , however , was that the CIA seized a similar disc from Ayman Zawahiri 's right - hand , Ahmed Salama Mabruk , 5 years earlier .	20	Proper Name
The question must be put as directly as possible : what manner of maniac would undertake a path so fraught with peril and potential economic catastrophe ?	6	Adverb
And , in 1999 Europol ’s mandate was extended to include money counterfeiting [ 4 ] .	14	Numeral
The M300 series are the lightest and the E500's are the all in one but much heavier .	14	Conjunction
In your experience how long do cats do cats typically live ?	7	Verb
Many details remain to be worked out , but we will keep you advised .	0	Adjective
We were just trying to come up with a topical and funny new cocktail for our customers to laugh about and enjoy .	18	Verb
Thomas Sam , 42 , and his wife Manju Sam , 36 , from Sydney , Australia , are undergoing trial for manslaughter by gross negligence for the death of their nine-month-old child , Gloria .	28	Noun
Two months and at least two months are totally different things .	9	Adjective
He has consistently linked immigration with unemployment , insecurity and criminality , as if evil always comes from elsewhere .	15	Adverb
About installing , licensing , and distributing Office Web Components	5	Conjunction
Look on their website rssc.com	2	Pronoun
In her humble home she was visited by other writers , students of poetry , admirers , the curious , critics , and editors requesting her collaboration .	20	Noun
There is a very large Quidditch community , have a look at the IQA website to find teams near you .	9	Determiner
When the bars were safely in the back seat with Ron , Fred reversed as close as possible to Harry 's window .	8	Noun
Harry dashed around his room , collecting his things together and passing them out of the window to Ron .	3	Pronoun
Now that he had embarked on the Stillman case , he felt that a new notebook was in order .	14	Adjective
I 'd like to work with you on a response to this customer .	3	Particle
One minister reportedly handed out 100 dollar ' gifts ' to journalists attending a press conference for Allawi , a practice that brings back bad memories to many Iraqis .	2	Adverb
The new fixed price deal with Equistar is # 365013 .	1	Adjective
Feel the meaning , do n't just think of its wordy meaning or try to translate from Sanskrit ( BABA NAM KEVALAM ) to an English meaning ( Infinite peace and happiness ) .	19	Noun
However , save some of your shots for the rest of the falls , as in total there are around 270 cascades that spread out over nearly 2 miles of the Iguazu River .	5	Pronoun
Importing queries created under one ANSI SQL query mode into an Access database set to another mode , or exporting queries created under one ANSI SQL query mode to an Access database set to another mode .	27	Noun
What made it perfect was that they offered transportation so that I would not have to wait there or take time off of work to go back and forth or try to find a ride .	29	Conjunction
***** DIRECTIONS FOR HOW TO POST TO NEWS GROUPS !!! *****	1	Noun
Reagan in 80 and 84 , [ George H. W. ] Bush in 88 and 92 , [ Phil ] Gramm in 96 , [ George W. ] Bush in 2000 and , Romney in 08 .	0	Proper Name
They were very polite , eager to answer any questions and willing to wait for us to return from vacation to begin installing our fence .	1	Verb
Black rags were wound round their loins , and the short ends behind wagged to and fro like tails .	9	Determiner
The area is famous for its World War II wreck diving , and the site has been named in many lists of top dive spots in the world .	23	Noun
With tears in her eyes she said , " Thank you , Mets Poet , thank you . "	15	Verb
COMMUNICATION FROM THE COMMISSION TO THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND TO THE COUNCIL concerning the implementation and continuation of the Pericles programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting .	21	Adposition
WADE GOODWYN reporting :	0	Proper Name
the economy is down and when enron collapses , the energy industry is going to be in a world of hurt .	0	Determiner
By using the word " Islamic " as an adjective Bush was purposely not associating Muslims with fascism , hence the qualifier .	20	Determiner
I was not happy with the way they looked , very wavy , uneven edges , and with the exception of 1 , there is a dip in the center of each nail .	16	Conjunction
To make the reference more pointed and unmistakable , Sir Nathaniel replies " a most singular & choice epithet , " and at once enters it in his note book .	17	Adjective
To beat the heat , most people are busiest in the mornings .	3	Noun
Sports fans are n't known as patrons of poetry .	6	Noun
We have had the cat for 10 years and do nt want to leave it .	11	Verb
Do n't go here unless you want to sit , order , eat and be asked to leave all in a matter of 20 minutes .	15	Verb
Sorry , I 'm just very nervous after watching the movie .	8	Verb
Clinton had worked out a deal with Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif in summer of 1999 that would have allowed the US to send a Special Ops team in after Bin Laden in Qandahar , based from Pakistan .	3	Adposition
Among humans both males and females are ardent singers , and making music is mostly a communal activity .	12	Noun
The collapse of and intervention in dozens of banks lead to a flight of capital , causing businesses to go bankrupt .	3	Conjunction
We 're both in our early 20s and just wanting to explore the beautiful country while we 're still young and before our lives start to get even crazier !	4	Pronoun
This is not to say that everyone else is living pleasantly and well under a decent regime .	8	Verb
When you design a chart for other users , you can restrict the user 's ability to change the layout of the chart by preventing fields from being added and moved .	26	Conjunction
We are more popular than Jesus and Pope " ....	2	Adverb
Quality is estimated to be a Mars type crude with 25 - 27 API Gravity and 1.5 - 2.0 % sulfur .	1	Verb
Many leading health researchers , including Kelly Brownell , David Ludwig , and Walter Willett , have documented these problems .	12	Conjunction
From childhood to old age they remained the same , and a man with the head to see it could theoretically look into the eyes of a boy in a photograph and recognize the same person as an old man .	6	Verb
Right now that seems to be the US , EU , and IAEA .	5	Verb
No fool when it comes to the press	7	Noun
Shona has commissioned Mike Moscoso to work on this , and I believe that Mike has already been working with James New .	0	Proper Name
It 's fantastic that they got the Paris Agreement but their contributions at the moment are nowhere near the 1.5 - degree target .	1	Verb
Widely considered to be one of the most spectacular waterfalls in the world , the Iguazu Falls on the border of Argentina and Brazil , are a certainly must see attraction in the area .	11	Determiner
The purpose of harmonised standards should not be to fix limits for environmental aspects .	13	Noun
His body was not accustomed to this new freedom , and for the first few blocks he walked at the old shuffling pace .	18	Adposition
Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 6 is one of the most successful software products ever as measured by its durability and the massive numbers of people who have used it .	25	Pronoun
The programme has also contributed to the activities of 50000 creative or performing artists and other specialists in the cultural sector .	5	Adposition
Game 11 : Tuesday , July 24 @ 7:30 PM vs. Utah STARZZ	8	Numeral
When you discussed it , i was trying to think back to our remedies and discussions but the 3 years have made it difficult .	19	Noun
It is at the southeast end of Downtown .	6	Adposition
Yeah you got ta burn it .. that s the only way	3	Particle
Ca n't you make a decent cup of coffee ?	7	Adposition
No , it does not mean that .	4	Particle
It is exceptionally rich in minerals , containing large deposits of gold , diamonds , and ores of manganese , lead , zinc , nickel , cobalt and molybdenum .	1	Verb
He sits down , saying that the influence of Yasir Arafat is evidently weakening and fading .	13	Participle
That agreement will also impose real economic pain , but Ukrainians are willing to pay the price in order to preserve our independence .	3	Adverb
You can increase or decrease the space between controls , or you can specify that controls are evenly spaced .	6	Noun
Stardust @ home is a highly distributed project using a " Virtual Microscope " that is written in html and javascript and runs on most browsers — no downloads are required .	18	Noun
He obviously liked authoritarian rule better than democracy , equating dictatorship with " stability . "	6	Adposition
Pour out some vodka from a bottle to make room for Skittles .	4	Adposition
You can work comfortably and make sure your film is not scratched etc .	3	Adverb
I have n't seen her for a couple of weeks and have only talked to her .	12	Adverb
You do n't need flying broomsticks or magic balls to play this version of the game - it 's tailor-made for muggles like us .	18	Verb
Investors are selling out of government bonds , with U.S. and Australian bonds feeling the biggest impact .	2	Verb
By the end of the second week I had made a total of more than $ 1000.00 !!	4	Determiner
Voters see the two major party nominees as exemplifying what is worst about their respective parties , and they want something better .	0	Noun
In addition they will be contacting you to discuss their participation in projects outside their rotation .	6	Pronoun
The husband of the current candidate for the White House , Hillary Clinton , pardoned a number of people , also including Rich , on the last day of his presidency , January 20 , 2001 .	0	Determiner
The wealthy constructed the grand Pasejo Montejo avenue north of the old town , inspired by the Champs-Élysées in Paris .	17	Proper Name
It also gives the house a lovely smell , and is not toxic , unlike many synthetic chemical treatments .	2	Verb
NEW YORK – Around the world , there is enormous enthusiasm for the type of technological innovation symbolized by Silicon Valley .	11	Adposition
Many times prideful people have a serious ' my-way's-the-only-way ' attitude .	8	Noun
She is so talented , the flowers were arranged superbly and delicately , it is so obvious to see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to others .	18	Verb
Well , you ought to be at the Independence celebrations , if anyone is .	3	Verb
My dad is having surgery in Ft. Worth , so I will be heading that way on Monday .	6	Proper Name
Run away .	0	Verb
Some of them were illegal whale meat , by the way .	0	Pronoun
No term or provision of this License shall be deemed waived and no breach consented to unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing and signed by the party to be charged with such waiver or consent .	19	Conjunction
Hopefully President Bush can accomplish these goals which will not only help strengthen our Chinese allies , but will also help fight the war on terror .	0	Adverb
" Calculation of Floating Amount : The Floating Amount payable by [ ENA ] on a Payment Date will be calculated for that Payment Date as follows :	2	Adposition
The police commander of Ninevah Province announced that bombings had declined 80 percent in Mosul , whereas there had been a big jump in the number of kidnappings .	21	Adjective
The sun 's rays and warmth are still with you , surrounding you .	6	Verb
However , this fruitful period was short-lived , as Greece suffered badly under the Ottoman Empire , only to recover in the 19th century as the capital of independent Greece .	8	Conjunction
The monsoon occurs in July till mid-August ( during July in the south east and south west of the island , wind surfing activity can be arranged ) .	25	Verb
Facebook is a free site and will never require that you pay to continue using the site .	5	Conjunction
The Liberal Democrats , who represented the affluent suburb until 2010 , are hoping to snatch it back with their candidate Sarah Olney .	10	Numeral
President Bush pinched a few nerves yesterday with his choice of words :	8	Pronoun
In 2001 , according to Indian army officials , security forces launched a wide - ranging operation in the 300 - some inhabited islands neighboring Andaman and Nicobar , and found huge caches of arms .	15	Verb
Discovery has already been retired following the completion of STS-133 last month , its 39th mission .	11	Noun
We four affectionately watched his back as he stood in the bows looking to seaward .	6	Conjunction
As of 2002 , Syria had some 215,000 soldiers under arms , 4,700 tanks , and a massive artillery capability .	16	Determiner
They showed some kids on TV , and they were quite taken with it .	7	Conjunction
Cherokee Finance VOF is assigned to North America ( Glen Walloch and Kevin Walker ) .	0	Proper Name
The competent services have not included them in the agenda on the grounds that they had been answered in a previous part - session .	5	Participle
In the fuss to find somewhere to sit he saw the light of the fire under the spit running along the shiny planes of the woman 's face as it did on glasses and the movement of knives and forks .	31	Adposition
Leading Dutch Librarians into DH	2	Noun
His magnum opus was a sequence of short stories and novels collectively entitled La Comédie humaine , which presents a panorama of French life in the years after the 1815 fall of Napoleon Bonaparte .	30	Noun
It s not any of you lol	3	Determiner
Instead he pulled the military off , stopped the bombing of North Vietnam , withdrew from the presidential race , and spent the rest of his term in office trying to surrender to North Vietnam .	15	Adposition
Afterwards nobody seemed to trouble much about Fresleven 's remains , till I got out and stepped into his shoes .	18	Pronoun
In a few days the faces had lost the stylized , apparition-quality of that first night , the night of the Independence Ball , and become , if not familiar , at least expected .	9	Adjective
The vaults were reached by means of small , goblin-driven carts that sped along miniature train-tracks through the bank 's underground tunnels .	21	Noun
As such , they may differ in material respects from those of , or expressed or published by on behalf of Carr Futures or its officers , directors , employees or affiliates . ,	5	Verb
In George Orwell 's influential novel " 1984 " doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as " war is peace " .	3	Particle
It was an extremely amusing episode , watching Chalabi looking smug and amused , contrasted with Sha'lan , all serious and barely keeping himself from swearing .	7	Verb
Either option should take you directly to Enron 's United Way 2000 Campaign site .	9	Proper Name
It had ceased to be a blank space of delightful mystery – a white patch for a boy to dream gloriously over .	12	Determiner
The Kerry camp blames Bush for the Swift boat veterans ’ attack , but anyone who has spent much time talking to the Swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons .	14	Pronoun
It 's hard to keep up with the stories about billion dollar appropriations , debt forgiveness , and loan guarantees to countries like Egypt and Israel and now even Pakistan .	25	Proper Name
St Anne a very nice but also very touristy city and beach ( maybe the tourists primary area of Guadeloupe ) .	5	Conjunction
He paused to examine a long coil of hangman 's rope and to read , smirking , the card propped on a magnificent necklace of opals :	23	Noun
Good beer good service and what more could you want .	4	Conjunction
Sheikh Lotfollah Mosque , interior of the dome	0	Proper Name
For instance , you 'll want to avoid making lots of jokes at your own expense .	9	Noun
In two months Carroll had learned that her parents lived on a farm several miles outside of town ; that they sold strawberries in summer , and Christmas trees in the winter .	5	Verb
What greatness had not floated on the ebb of that river into the mystery of an unknown earth ! ...	2	Verb
Mr President , Commissioner , the proposal presented by the Commission , in accordance with its mandate , is a reasonable starting point for the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development .	27	Noun
As of August 2015 , Kesha has released little information about her upcoming third studio album .	9	Noun
At last he managed to control himself , and sat with his great eyes fixed on Harry in an expression of watery adoration .	0	Adverb
There 's a return trip planned hopefully for 2015 , with both biologists and ANDRILL geologists .	10	Adposition
This retreat came as a surprise to the Austro - Prussian army , and almost all of the Danish army succeeded in completing the evacuation .	24	Noun
Anthony Sill Legal Counsel Uecomm Limited 126 Trenerry Crescent Abbotsford , VIC 3067 . Ph. ( 03 ) 9221 4101 Fax. ( 03 ) 9221 4193 Mob. 0417 575 920	18	Numeral
Any suggestions ?	0	Determiner
It is much easier to prepare than rice and is rapidly gaining in popularity , especially among vegetarians who value its high protein levels .	5	Verb
In Iceland and Ireland , banks outgrew their governments ' ability to support them when needed .	3	Proper Name
The measures shall be maintained no longer than strictly necessary and , in any case , shall be lifted when the shortcomings are remedied .	5	Adverb
He 'll be fine , Molly , do n't fuss , said Mr Weasley , helping himself to Floo powder , too .	8	Particle
If ERCOT goes the way of California - either due to market power or poor market design rules - it will be a bad day for deregulation and for Pat Wood .	26	Noun
The reason Mr Koch produced his sound report was because the work in the CEN and within the United Nations Economic Commission was proceeding none too expeditiously .	23	Masdar
In the medium case , investigations find that Enron ( like others ) " played by the rules , " but the rules stunk , and Enron profited at the expense of California consumers .	21	Determiner
Important Kos Diary about bush 's response to the gathering storm of scandals :	5	Particle
You review and approve it , keep it on your desk , and I will come over and make the change at your desk on Monday .	16	Adverb
Mrs Weasley had appeared , holding a long poker like a sword .	11	Noun
It is therefore very odd that the original text has been retained in this amendment .	14	Noun
This is o.k. for Ken Lay , but we are changing to a more uniform address , so would likely be better to use kenneth.lay@enron.com .	15	Noun
Do you feel that the holidaying with the animated cartoons will impress only young ones ?	1	Pronoun
not only is this place too expensive for what it is , it s horrible !	1	Adverb
And I remember there sitting at my desk thinking , " Well , I know this " .	2	Verb
I googled Garage Door Repair in Woodinville and found NDI - Johnette answered the phone and was oh - so pleasant and helpful !	1	Verb
Lora Sullivan Federal Government Affairs Representative Enron 1775 Eye Street , NW Suite 800 Washington , DC 20006 202-466-9142 202-828-3372 ( fax ) email : lora.sullivan@enron.com	8	Proper Name
I 'm a freelance journalist specializing in health , with 30 years experience .	0	Pronoun
2 ) All M 16's are either automatic or semi automatic .	7	Adjective
I came in to town for a week and forgot my trainers !	1	Verb
I also want to express my disagreement on the support given to the American law on Hong-Kong .	15	Adposition
Try to ensure there is an al dente bite to the germ , in the same way as pasta .	0	Verb
Now you can tour Chernobyl and write your own story .	3	Verb
This company is way too expensive with nothing to show for it .	0	Determiner
What is long term viability ?	3	Noun
A great breakfast which was included every morning until 9:30 am ; yummy fresh Parisian croissants .	5	Verb
the risk of losing business is far greater than the risk of a counterparty trying to get their premium back .	6	Adverb
They came on time and completed their work quickly .	5	Verb
Two Judges shall be appointed to the Court of Justice and two Judges shall be appointed to the General Court .	10	Conjunction
No question would reveal anything independently of all the questions together --	0	Determiner
In the developing world , too , the vast majority of people have started to experience sustained improvement in living standards and are rapidly developing similar growth expectations .	16	Adjective
2 . We really liked the fact that Stuart sets defined objectives and we meet once a month to go over our Key Performance Indicators .	12	Conjunction
I will have the EPM test done before treating .	2	Verb
Do you have this information ?	0	Verb
In one sense it 's great , but it also makes things a lot harder to read .	15	Particle
However , I seriously doubt that the introduction of free market principles , which the report so enthusiastically recommends , is the right solution .	14	Determiner
for imperative purposes that aim at not just understanding the translation but also at ensuring no misunderstanding of the translation .	8	Verb
He had a robe that was made back in the '60s .	5	Verb
" Get out of here " meant to make someone leave .	1	Verb
Eulogic	0	Proper Name
Also being exhibited for the first time are British Ministry of Defence maps which imagine cold war battles and which were used in military college exams .	25	Noun
surprise romantic cheap date night san francisco ?	5	Proper Name
There were many casualties , but the citizens prevailed .	6	Determiner
Do they act like they own the place , or act like the ' big dog ? '	1	Pronoun
In the vast majority of cases , this will not occur ;	10	Verb
S. and I have an acquaintance who has hosted several of these children for many years ; to see these little ones breaks the heart .	19	Determiner
April is the most ideal month .	2	Determiner
i think it could have been done in a much more cost efficient way , right here on bad - old - planet - earth .	18	Adjective
Al Qaeda members and sympathizers feel that the FBI 's involvement in countries like Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Pakistan , Indonesia , and the Philippines interferes with the sovereignty of those countries .	6	Conjunction
China is furious that Japan has outbid it in their battle to determine the route of the pipeline that Russia intends to build to the Far East .	3	Conjunction
Dozens of FSLN followers are already celebrating the victory in the Plaza de las Victorias .	6	Verb
BREYER filed a concurring opinion , in which KENNEDY , SOUTER , and GINSBURG joined .	1	Verb
However , in the day time would it be okay for the rabbit to hop around along with the chickens ?	8	Verb
A telltale of this meteoritic material will likely be high levels of the element iridium .	10	Noun
As of 2002 , Syria had some 215,000 soldiers under arms , 4,700 tanks , and a massive artillery capability .	7	Numeral
1572 Ruy Lopez defeats several eminent players in Rome .	6	Noun
Leaving aside potential geopolitical disruptions , there are some formidable challenges to overcome , mostly stemming from political underperformance and dysfunction .	3	Adjective
and we do n't know them except for eating there .	9	Adverb
As a consequence , he could never be sure of any of it .	8	Adjective
( He already had the traumas that his previous girlfriend Jane Asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate manners ) .	19	Adjective
Yes , there is a 100 year - old Israeli - Arab conflict , but it is not where the main show is .	4	Determiner
I recently threw a surprise birthday party for my wife at Fraiser 's .	12	Particle
Accordingly , the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP ( the only one and therefore the one they have to choose ) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract .	32	Adposition
STOA , to produce for us a paper which indicated low sulphur fuels are essential .	4	Adposition
Well one day he said to me You know i do n't wear Underwear as he was bent over Working on my Mare s Right front hoof .. and I was Like Ummmm okay ???	17	Verb
Islamic Jihad has refused to recognized the cease fire , and hopes to turn the Gaza strip " into a vast battlefield . "	15	Proper Name
A package of reforms has been agreed .	0	Determiner
India keeps what it has while Pakistan and China ( which was gifted a slice of the territory three decades ago ) do likewise .	3	Pronoun
Balzac 's mother , born Anne - Charlotte - Laure Sallambier , came from a family of haberdashers in Paris .	16	Adposition
Team , sorry for the delay on getting this around .	0	Noun
Roly rang up to see if he had arrived , and explained again – he had done so in advance by letter – that he had an official lunch to attend .	4	Verb
She knew , if he did n't , that he was going .	8	Conjunction
Dr. Chao you are the best dentist I have ever had .	4	Determiner
The type of interval you can specify for a field depends on the data type of the field .	10	Verb
But I am also happy to not go , as long as someone collects more animals on my behalf !	0	Conjunction
Our long term goal is to produce practical instructions on almost every topic in every language .	0	Pronoun
I may not have to pay a penalty , yet , but this is NOT what I had in mind when hired these guys .	19	Noun
Amendment No-6 makes more radical changes to the guideline maps , adding new links and creating new categories of ports .	14	Conjunction
WASHINGTON , DC – The International Monetary Fund is an immensely useful organization , able to deliver substantial amounts of financial and technical assistance at short notice to almost any place in the world .	10	Adverb
Just remember that death is not the end	5	Particle
Kermit Roosevelt of the CIA " met a number of officers who were involved in the conspiracy which led to the coup-d'etat of 22 July , 1952 . "	19	Adposition
In her opening remarks for attendees , Waters pointed out those features to attendees , noting the touches of the Warhol Factory , or the studio where he worked , that were present around them .	23	Conjunction
" At the same time , the characters represent a particular range of social types :	12	Adposition
The problem with this argument is that Bush lacked the experience necessary to be president when he ran in 2000 , so this sort of cheap shot just hoists him by his own petard .	22	Determiner
2 . I 'm getting ready to divy up the Dow stock .	4	Verb
Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis ( and assume everything will work out at month end ) ?	17	Pronoun
Twinkle Twinkle lazy star Kitna soyega uthja yaar , up above the world so high , sun has risen in the sky , uthke jaldi pee le chai , then call me up and say " HI "	20	Determiner
Seizures will occur when the toxins that the kidney normally filters out are released into the blood stream .	1	Verb
The rapid development of Łódź in the second half of the 19th century was brought about by the rise of enormous industrialist fortunes .	4	Proper Name
XSLT has many of the constructs ( structures and commands ) found in other programming languages which allow the developer to use variables , loops and iterations , and conditional statements .	15	Noun
This company is overpriced for their services .	3	Adjective
Papeluna , a cute Mom / Pop custom printing and paper store , just opened a few days ago .	13	Adverb
Give time for Mweta to shine on his own for a bit , and any tension between them to die down .	0	Verb
Their seasons are the same as all the countries in the Northern Hemisphere but I would suggest fall .	13	Conjunction
" That kind of a financial incentive [ ... ] will be sufficient to allow substantial providers to emerge , " Griffin said .	18	Verb
It has cat 's " Meowing " for the vocals , and you might really find yourself in those furnaces , feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they die .	19	Noun
Let me know what you think of this property .	5	Verb
In June to August 2010 famine struck the Sahel .	5	Noun
How can i make my Jack Dempsey reproduce ?	1	Verb
Elliott was attending his father 's funeral on the day of the race .	5	Particle
Or how about visiting the Chicago Botanical Gardens and see the change of colors and enjoy the air , They also have many inside exhibits you might enjoy , food is pretty good to .	27	Verb
You will not be able to seek work or take a job , in Canada , with out having to show your Immigration VISA and Canadian Social Insurance Number card to any potential employer .	22	Proper Name
No one is left out ; there are clear references to women , for example .	0	Pronoun
Living out of synch with nature is the great disease , from that flows all the tributaries we have come to think of as sickness .	5	Noun
They also got my friend s order mixed up and wanted to charger her $ 10 more than what she had wanted .	18	Pronoun
Hey there , I 'm trying to find a restaurant in Philly to take my husband tomorrow for his birthday .	1	Adverb
I need suggestions on restaurants in San Francisco with good food and good catering service .	0	Pronoun
Food is awful and the place caters to the yuppy crowd .	5	Noun
This entity was created in 2000 for the acquistion of WarpSpeed Communications ( now Enron WarpSpeed Services , Inc. 83N ) , and then dissolved upon completion of merger .	18	Proper Name
For us , as digital humanists , defining the “ transmedia fan ” is of particular relevance as we seek to understand contemporary social and cultural transformations engendered by digital technologies .	24	Conjunction
My house already feels fresh and good thanks to the Battery Park Pest I 'm enjoying my time indoors much better .	20	Adverb
I wanted to feel the rough edge of the pocket of his coat against my cheek , but I was too tall .	19	Verb
I think he left the Nail out of the shoe as a excuse to come back and see you hey he may be your Prince charming ..	7	Adposition
Should they decide to squeeze , we will all feel it .	7	Verb
1 . The pricing that we have given CRRA is specific to FuelCell Energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer ( i.e. , ONSI would be a lot more money ) .	5	Pronoun
They have fresh flowers , lasted a long while in the vase , and the two ladies at the shop know the business well .	20	Verb
Alteration of the Mississippi River and the destruction of wetlands at its mouth have left the area around New Orleans abnormally vulnerable to the forces of nature .	14	Verb
Please advise as to who his replacement is and their report date .	7	Verb
On top of that though they tried to charge us service charge just to rub it it ....	5	Pronoun
Yep , unless you 're a coroner or some sort of crazy spy / criminologist you probably do n't have this stuff lying around the house ( hopefully not ... ) .	10	Adposition
Next day got moved into another room , on the same floor with other wedding guests .	9	Determiner
In the current study , the responses from two children were not included because they responded the same way to every item through the training and all test items .	5	Determiner
I have 3 children there and they are the Best .	7	Verb
What better portrait of a writer than to show a man who has been bewitched by books ?	2	Noun
Monotheism and Holy War obviously does have a violent interpretation of Salafism , rather as the the leaders of the so - called German Peasant Rebellion among early Protestants did .	4	Adverb
We 've got a Steven , the one word that did n't crash my spell - check , despite it being followed by a Vikash Chand Abdul Shakur .	12	Verb
Iran is suspected by many nations of working towards the development of nuclear weapons , but even this justification has been tossed into a cocked hat .	19	Verb
The hymn was sung at my first inaugural church service as governor .	5	Pronoun
The Pentagon did not even have a plan for dealing with Afghanistan or al - Qaeda that it could pull off the shelf , according to Bob Woodward .	26	Proper Name
They could n't use real Quidditch balls , which would have been hard to explain if they had escaped and flown away over the village ; instead they threw apples for each other to catch .	3	Verb
That band is involved in a local competition which promises a $ 5000 first prize , which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started .	29	Noun
it s illegal to sell stolen property , even if you do n't know it s stolen .	14	Pronoun
Place the quaffle and three bludgers in the middle of the field .	7	Determiner
Iran 's position over the Gulf would make resupply by ship and air support from carriers a dangerous affair .	1	Particle
For each person , you could hide all game stories , see just photos , limit updates to life events and more .	9	Noun
This would be on a walk - in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good ( Not relying on pictures from the internet ) and is in a spot we like .	0	Pronoun
Conservationists welcomed the commission ’s announcement .	4	Particle
I believe we are to some extent already protected with " Enron " proceeded with anything , but EnronOnline ( TM ) , etc. just affords us more protection .	7	Adverb
Falluja has long been roiled by tense relations with the US soldiers there , since local Sunnis either remain committed to Arab nationalism or have become Sunni fundamentalists or even radicals .	21	Adjective
These works were written under the name of William Wilson , and he produced them at the rate of about one a year , which brought in enough money for him to live modestly in a small New York apartment .	27	Adverb
My understanding was that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC 's online profile in order for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC 's peak load periods .	11	Verb
I 'm not as brave as you are .	6	Pronoun
So hear we are , two weeks later , after that dazzling PR display two weeks ago by Powell and Annan , and the situation on the ground in Darfur appears basically unchanged .	24	Noun
He has a full youthful clever face ; a black beard , small and tidy .	4	Adjective
Did they think we were going to feel lucky to get any reservation at all , and therefore be more pleased with our dining experience ?	11	Determiner
i believe that NASA is a HUGE waste of tax payers ' money , but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies , that i find it best not to think about it .	0	Pronoun
But now people have to learn that there 's a Department of Public Health to go to .	14	Particle
In the 1960s , a group shooting a movie in the Wyoming park reportedly imported some captive wolves , then released them when their shooting was done .	14	Verb
Also , not mentioned on Microsoft 's " The Internet Explorer 6 Countdown " site , are the numerous security vulnerabilities putting the browser at risk of being hacked .	25	Noun
We even arrived 10 minutes early as the website suggests .	2	Verb
Horse is out of state and not local .	7	Adjective
Meanwhile , President George W Bush has said he will lead an inquiry into how the disaster was handled .	14	Adverb
Much of the violence aimed at American forces is coming from disgruntled Sunni factions that have their own militias , believe the last elections were a sham , and hold little political power in the government .	1	Adposition
The authentic text is ' under certain conditions ' .	2	Noun
This is an event you do n't want to miss !!	1	Verb
If we choose to do something on J-Lo , it ’s going to be something like that , something less obvious .	7	Proper Name
There is a painting on my wall in the Oval -- first of all , I do n't know .	7	Adposition
Go ahead and forward to Brant if you are ready .	7	Pronoun
1542 LEONARDO , Giovanni ( a.k.a. Il Puttino / the Boy ) born in Calaria .	6	Proper Name
Chicken saltimboca was excellent and then there 's the chocolate mousse that comes straight from heaven .	14	Adposition
I was involved in a car accident 20 years ago and since then I 've been a nervous wreck and have n't been behind the wheel .	17	Adjective
Give me my friends ' letters !	3	Noun
We will finalize the message points on tomorrow 's daily call ( 10 AM CST ) .	7	Noun
It allows you to precisely select the data that will be displayed , to specify the order or arrangement of the data , and to modify or add information .	27	Verb
Today 's Article	2	Noun
The aim of these clinics is to provide basic methodological competencies and technical skills in DH , for a diverse group of librarians , consisting of both subject and technical librarians with basic technical skills .	33	Adjective
It is exceptionally rich in minerals , containing large deposits of gold , diamonds , and ores of manganese , lead , zinc , nickel , cobalt and molybdenum .	22	Noun
Per my voicemail message , please review the note below .	2	Noun
Santorum the person has been in the news throughout the primary season , and we thought it would be interesting to try to create a delicious drink that mimicked the appearance of the Dan Savage meaning of " santorum . "	21	Verb
Balzac 's literary mood evolved over time from one of despondency and chagrin to one of solidarity and courage - but not optimism .	11	Conjunction
not sure how much longer ene is going to be around and i 'm checking out my options !	10	Adverb
Inspection of certain of the above inventory balances , by third party inspectors , where there is an expectation that circularisation replies will not be received on a timely basis	29	Noun
Have a real mechanic check before you buy !!!!	1	Determiner
I 'm very busy with schoolwork , of course –	5	Noun
The best pizza ever i m fat so i ve had a ton of pizza other than pizza from chicago it s the best	15	Adjective
If you think any other pertinent information could be included , please feel free to add it .	14	Particle
He added that around 1,100 cartoons were submitted by participants from more than 60 countries and that more than 200 are on show .	8	Adposition
Close to my house , this is the only reason I would go to this particular QT .	11	Verb
Note that the No " Out " version requires us to pay the premium on Tuesday !	2	Determiner
The BBC is not responsible for the content of this e-mail , and anything written in this e-mail does not necessarily reflect the BBC 's views or opinions .	17	Noun
There are still four important issues , however :	1	Verb
In the corner is a girl in a headscarf and jeans who looks so unassuming I think it ’s another assistant .	10	Noun
In addition , XML defined structures are unambiguous ; that is , they are self-describing and platform-independent .	6	Verb
Which Compact System Camera Should I Get ... ?	6	Verb
You are the only one auto glass repair shop in the area I would count on .	8	Noun
He was hare in pursuit of the tortoise , and again and again he had to remind himself to hold back .	9	Conjunction
We have to sustain the European Union as a major food producer and a major exporter .	12	Conjunction
giving the new kitten her own small territory will help her to feel safe and will give her a place to go to when scared .	24	Adjective
They jibbed , ran away , sneaked off with their loads in the night – quite a mutiny .	3	Verb
He was also the Team Manager of the Slovenian wheelchair basketball national team .	3	Determiner
Before I left Chicago , the art critic Harold Rosenberg said to me , " Going to Jerusalem ?	15	Participle
Recall the multiple terror threats lobbed out by the administration whenever damaging political news appeared in the media .	11	Adjective
However , when it comes to safety , I am rather sceptical because safety in Sweden , for example , is in principle no different from safety in Germany , Italy or Austria .	18	Noun
You may not distribute , publicly display , publicly perform , or publicly digitally perform the Work with any technological measures that control access or use of the Work in a manner inconsistent with the terms of this License Agreement .	8	Adverb
Living standards around the world continue to rise .	2	Adposition
I have ate here 3 times since they first opened , and the service has been poor each time , the staff always comes across as somewhat rude and slow .	25	Adposition
I could n't help asking him once what he meant by coming there at all .	4	Participle
" I have a duty toward you , " he tells me .	10	Verb
As for the heat , just be sure to use a thermometer .	8	Particle
I do n't have much money so I bought Crayola Air - Dry Clay .	3	Verb
Hiller replied : " No , it 's four questions of four leaders in four hot spots . " . . .	14	Numeral
Look at it through Auster 's eyes , he said to himself , and do n't think of anything else .	13	Conjunction
But now we have an entire new set .	7	Noun
If you 've successfully used any of these supplement to aid weight loss , please write me at gottlie...@yahoo.com and let me know , telling me about your experience .	24	Masdar
Mweta said , with his slow shy smile that always seemed to grow like a light becoming more powerful , as his eyes held you , You mean little Venetia ?	21	Pronoun
it is in karol bagh .	4	Proper Name
Mrs. Wentz had the tone of voice that sounds as if the speaker is addressing noone but himself .	6	Noun
To me there is nothing foreign in these hats , side-locks , and fringes .	4	Pronoun
Otherwise , he was locked in his room around the clock .	3	Verb
Donald Trump is a pompous , arrogant , entitled person that cares about himself , and his temperament is toxic to the United States .	18	Verb
At the time , generators were refusing to sell power in California because of the price caps .	9	Noun
But in mathematics you can build your own structures .	3	Pronoun
- it chemically sets - gets warm to hot then cools down and hard and	5	Verb
The Commission accepts all of the contributions of the parliamentary committee and the rapporteur , Mr Koch , which are contained in the various amendments , specifically four .	19	Verb
Paul was going out with Heather , but in front of the audience he played the faithful husband 's masquerade pretending to suffer for Linda , for the afore mentioned promotional ends .	9	Noun
It was not so long after Civil Rights laws against discrimination started to have an impact .	14	Determiner
This retreat came as a surprise to the Austro - Prussian army , and almost all of the Danish army succeeded in completing the evacuation .	10	Adjective
A significantly higher cost which clearly exceeds the average of the countries that adopt the single currency , which is equal to 1,365 euros per litre .	21	Adposition
I also have a profile they fill out for me , a mini-MMPI that I developed , so that I have an idea -- Rebecca and I put it together	2	Verb
Zawahiri argued instead that they have been active since the assassination of Anwar Sadat in Egypt because of the Camp David Accord and the resulting peace treaty between Egypt and Israel .	15	Proper Name
The climate is so dry that these plains are sometimes thought of as part of the Sahara .	9	Adverb
Much later , when he was able to think about the things that happened to him , he would conclude that nothing was real except chance .	6	Adjective
We see the base of the food chain , the plankton , the small things , and we see how those animals are food to animals in the middle of the pyramid , and on so up this diagram .	34	Adverb
There 's your Company 's station , said the Swede , pointing to three wooden barrack-like structures on the rocky slope .	14	Adjective
When you move a field that has custom groups between row and column areas , the custom group fields that are based on the field move with the field .	18	Noun
It was widely published among the militant islamists that martyrs go to paradise " in the hearts of green birds . "	19	Noun
He added that around 1,100 cartoons were submitted by participants from more than 60 countries and that more than 200 are on show .	19	Numeral
So I sent him to the trainers the first of September to be started on the barrels .	0	Adverb
The term of office of one of the Judges of the General Court appointed in accordance with paragraph 1 shall expire on 31 August 2007 .	18	Numeral
In this play , Shakespeare adds a supernatural element to the tragic structure .	11	Adjective
No doubt much of what our citizens experience as noise does not fall within the competence of the Union .	1	Noun
A bit of a knee - jerk reaction from me there , and I apologize for my over-generalizations .	15	Adposition
ever since Harry had come home for the summer holidays , Uncle Vernon had been treating him like a bomb that might go off at any moment , because Harry Potter was n't a normal boy .	0	Conjunction
After the 1906 earthquake , many San Franciscans relocated there , and the industrial development of the 20s and 30s saw its population in the hundreds of thousands .	21	Pronoun
But an owl from the island , disturbed by the sparks , flew out to the ship and was discovered next day on the mast .	2	Noun
Tom Byargeon , Kevin Miller and Ken Loch in ENA are working with producers in the US involved in deep water offshore Louisiana / Texas oil and gas drilling projects .	3	Proper Name
It has got very spacious rooms , furnished completely and neatly .	7	Verb
A custom group field .	2	Verb
I am going to be the Senior Regulatory Counsel at ISO New England starting on April 9 , 2001 .	12	Proper Name
You ca n't but here 's an update : The doctor is about to discover the affair between her husband and Jo ( who has become her new best friend ) .	20	Conjunction
The more they hate someone , the more dangerous that person is to their fantasy land .	13	Pronoun
That 3 % rate also applies to Nectar cardholders looking to borrow from £ 15,001 - £ 19,999 over a period of between two and three years .	6	Adposition
Then , Ron , you come bounding downstairs going , Mum , look who turned up in the night ! and she 'll be all pleased to see Harry and no one need ever know we flew the car .	21	Pronoun
She looks up at me , at Renata .	6	Adposition
' Vogel ' comes from German , which means bird	8	Verb
If they do not , if businesspeople feel marginalised , if entrepreneurs cannot take part , not only in managing but also in receiving these funds , we will have missed an opportunity to attain our objectives more rapidly .	29	Verb
It passes the time , I guess .	6	Verb
Attached is the TW Top Ten Shippers by Revenues for the year 2001 to be reported in the Browncover report .	7	Adposition
The purpose of these CRTC hearings is to field responses from industry stakeholders and the public .	2	Adposition
By and large , most advanced economies have fulfilled this promise , with living standards rising over recent generations , despite setbacks from wars and financial crises .	26	Noun
P.S. - I am trying to conceptualize an effective guerilla media campaign to promote this cause .	3	Verb
They also have the best tea I ever had , not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores , I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .	13	Adposition
Globe and Greek basil are much more difficult to grow , but form pretty little bushes which stay well-contained .	3	Noun
You ca n't but here 's an update : The doctor is about to discover the affair between her husband and Jo ( who has become her new best friend ) .	5	Verb
Using 5 x 700 ml / 23.6 fl oz bottles , pour 300 ml / 10.1 fl oz of vodka into a jug and fill each bottle with skittles .	20	Adposition
The questions answered previously referred to Mrs De Palacio 's intervention , on another occasion , and not to these comments which appeared in the Abc newspaper on 18 November .	26	Noun
Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport ( IATA : PHX ) +1602275-4958 is the main air gateway to Arizona .	10	Numeral
My wife and I avoided doing some fairly simple electrical re-wiring in our home for several years due to overall hassle and cost involved .	4	Verb
It s now my home .	3	Pronoun
Second , sex was dichotomously coded based on the self-reported sex of the respondent at Wave 4 ( 0 = female and 1 = male ) .	14	Adposition
It only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa .	7	Noun
Her reason is that it provides insufficient protection to American workers whose jobs and living standards it might harm .	5	Verb
I was listening to her breath .	3	Adposition
But we also want to create a range of additional incentives , for instance through the ten-year market exclusivity right .	12	Adverb
6:30 am - 8:00 pm	3	Numeral
It made me feel good to see people work so hard to take care of others belongings .	0	Pronoun
The trouble everyone had taken gave a sense of occasion to even the wildest moments of the night .	4	Participle
The Atmosphere is the best .. Italian music , candles , helpful and friendly staff ... And the food is beautiful too !	1	Noun
Neiafu and surrounding villages are home to about a third of the Group ’s overall population of around 20000 , with the majority of the population living in small villages on the other islands .	33	Noun
How to Grow Basil	1	Particle
Full reconciliation and recalculation of OBSF option premium values	4	Adposition
Keep Bobby , his team members and their families in your prayers .	6	Conjunction
In 1892 , after seeing the success of a classmate , Kaho Tanabe , who wrote a novel , Higuchi decided to become a novelist to support her family .	17	Noun
If you also specify the end value as 31-Dec-1999 , the following groups will be created :	10	Determiner
No , it means only that the Jews , because they are Jews , have never been able to take the right to live as a natural right .	3	Verb
I do n't live in Lake St. Louis anymore , but deliveries were always correct and the service courteous .	2	Particle
I really do belive he left the nail out becuse of the horse s Hoof condition and It s a added bonus he would get to see her again	13	Particle
The climate is so dry that these plains are sometimes thought of as part of the Sahara .	4	Adjective
GOODWYN : Murph Archibald says that at first , he did n't know that Mr. Bush was serving in the Air National Guard .	10	Verb
On January 8 , 1880 , Norton collapsed at the corner of California and Dupont ( now Grant ) streets and died before he could be given medical treatment .	17	Proper Name
Unfortunately , do to Mr. Lay 's schedule he will not be able to participate .	0	Adverb
As long as you are a gentleman and treat them with respect they wo n't have any problem talking with you and your nationality will have nothing to do with how they treat you .	33	Pronoun
If not , go somewhere else .	0	Conjunction
It 's possible that people at the turn of the century were saying " land of the kike " and that Faulkner did n't borrow it from Cummings .	16	Determiner
Come and see Manakau , the property of his descendants , located on the eastern corner of Rekohu and blessed with the sun 's first rays as they rise above the sea each day .	12	Adposition
The family suite was basically two rooms with a small opening between them which worked great for us because we were two families traveling together .	2	Noun
Her limbs were weathered and ringed , like the branches of trees in the dry country .	4	Conjunction
I ask one of the hostesses when I may expect to receive a drink and she cries out in irritation , " Back to your seat ! "	24	Pronoun
New faces emerge as veteran politicians step down in Hong Kong legislative election	7	Adposition
Theravada Buddhist monks are also supposed to avoid material temptations and as such , are not allowed to touch money , so offering money to a monk is considered to be a sign of disrespect in most Theravada Buddhist cultures .	10	Conjunction
Favorite Restaurant	1	Noun
Allow the creators and others in the United Kingdom to have a fair debate about whether we should have a blank tape levy .	15	Conjunction
The new law is not retroactive , so the taxes requested in arrears from 2006 to 2009 are under the ICI system .	3	Verb
On the pilot 's advice they were moved farther into port by two tugs .	0	Adposition
When making a writing system , take a break about every five minutes and come back to it or all your letters will begin to look identical .	7	Determiner
She trusts me , she ’s more my dog than anyone ’s , and she did n’t like it but for me she lay there .	13	Conjunction
We will still be around to assist them if needed .	8	Conjunction
I know it s in the wrong catagory , but still , I wrote this question for a reason , not for you to critisize me .	12	Pronoun
My point : Even if I was wrong , do n't sit there and argue with the customer .	0	Pronoun
Sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront , and it is on a one - way street , but the restaurant itself is NEVER overcrowded .	32	Adjective
The remodelling of some roads near bottleneck junctions to accommodate bicycle lanes has made traffic jams even worse still in recent years , and parking in the city centre is very expensive .	24	Noun
I have never seen this car before until this lady at wal mart had it and she told me she got it here and that everyone was so nice to her .	5	Noun
Kind regards .	1	Noun
Do it properly , and legally , and you will be OK .	11	Adjective
I highly recommend this dealership if you would not like to hassle on price and receive friendly service .	10	Particle
Do n't worry , the vodka wo n't freeze .	1	Particle
What do they want to hear how you had to go round to the back door of the missionary 's house ?	3	Verb
Why do n't you phone another location and ask ♥	7	Conjunction
I will be traveling in this area in the future and you can be assured that this experience will be helpful in my choice of hotels and Novotel will be my first selection .	20	Adjective
Stapled to the pen was a little white paper flag , one side of which read : This good article is the Courtesy of a DEAF MUTE .	19	Noun
César was personally informed of Pompey 's actions by Curio , who at that time had finished his term in office .	20	Noun
But I ca n't give him too many shocks at once , and I say , " She has not had a Jewish upbringing . "	23	Noun
" It 's a very , very desperate situation , " Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco said .	3	Determiner
Entitlement to free abortions equates with women having the right to manage their lives and make decisions about their own bodies .	3	Noun
At best it is naive and at worst it would yet again let the shooting lobby off the hook .	6	Adposition
Currently exurbs such as Apache Junction , Fountain Hills , Queen Creek , and Sun City are becoming part of this metropolitan area as well .	16	Verb
at the Silver Rhino , of course , you remember the place .	9	Verb
How will resources be allocated to care for the elderly , especially in slow - growing economies where existing public pension schemes and old - age health plans are patently unsustainable ?	5	Particle
To plant the basil in the garden , dig holes spaced at least 6 inches apart .	5	Determiner
How many of us can be employed in personal services , and how can such jobs be highly paid ( in absolute terms ) ?	8	Adjective
We also own two chickens that are kept in a run behind out garage / barn thing .	4	Noun
Whether it might have turned out differently , or whether it was all predetermined with the first word that came from the stranger 's mouth , is not the question .	21	Determiner
In addition to encouraging foreign direct investment , the EU could provide support to train local companies ' managers and help them develop their business strategies , with service providers remunerated by equity stakes or profit - sharing .	0	Adposition
By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with , there was basically no design .	14	Adposition
Al - Lihaibi was running in elections and is now said to have withdrawn following this incident .	11	Particle
The ever increasing volume of goods passing through Europe entails all kinds of risks , known and unknown , for employees and the social environment .	13	Noun
I understand that it is a competitive process , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability .	25	Conjunction
To buy into Putin 's sham federalism is to accept the lies that the Kremlin has been spewing about Ukraine 's current interim government and the brave men and women who ousted Yanukovych .	19	Proper Name
Please forward a copy of the J.M. Huber Corporation Guaranty to my attention .	2	Determiner
If no , you 'll have to go to one of the train stations .	11	Determiner
It was his as much as Mweta 's .	1	Verb
It 's quite a large Canadian tournament , and so we went as the Gliders team .	11	Verb
Cover them lightly with soil .	2	Adverb
In London , the price of Brent North Sea crude for November delivery advanced 53 cents to 64.73 dollars .	4	Noun
( 2 ) No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his nationality nor denied the right to change his nationality .	8	Participle
I saw a high starched collar , white cuffs , a light alpaca jacket , snowy trousers , a clear necktie , and varnished boots . No hat .	22	Conjunction
The scientists found reduction of crop yields by 2050 exceeded 10 % of 2000 levels , substantially decreasing food security , in all cases examined .	2	Verb
Now I just do it once or twice a week or as needed .	4	Pronoun
Caldwell insurance has been doing our insurance for a couple years now and they have been extremely thorough .	15	Participle
The EU is an inspiring political structure that seeks to break the mold of the nineteenth - century nation - state .	14	Determiner
The discovery of a number of ' bugs ' within the AS400 Merchanting code , arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality , which compounded the operational burden of supporting the OBSF .	12	Proper Name
Stardust @ home is a highly distributed project using a " Virtual Microscope " that is written in html and javascript and runs on most browsers — no downloads are required .	27	Determiner
Beware of the nail program you are not taught to use a nail drill AT ALL you learn the old fashioned way of doing nails you will not be able to do well in a salon !!!	13	Noun
“ While much of the digital transition is unprecedented in the United States , the peaceful transition of power is not , ” Obama special assistant Kori Schulman wrote in a blog post Monday .	30	Determiner
Right now , yeah , he 's helping us right now .	8	Pronoun
Her eyes were veined with red .	4	Adposition
The exception is the appearance of his name in the ' complaints bill ' of a law case before the Queen 's Bench court at Westminster dated Michaelmas Term 1588 and 9 October 1589 .	19	Determiner
The Church 's website is currently unreachable .	6	Adjective
" This government is so consumed with control of information and secrecy yet they do n't seem to be able to get the fundamentals right , " Dewar said .	15	Particle
We piled enormous amounts of pollution into the air and into the water .	11	Determiner
You can find fodder lots of places — from your life , joke files online , by repurposing jokes you ’ve heard in the past , and so on .	9	Pronoun
In South Korea , Japan , and elsewhere , developing and maximizing women 's potential will require comprehensive education and labor - market reforms , as well as structural change , particularly on the services side of the economy .	11	Verb
Her limbs were weathered and ringed , like the branches of trees in the dry country .	9	Noun
If you want a wharf berthage then call the local harbour master as you near the Chathams and he will sort you out .	16	Proper Name
Tues. Oct. 3 - Fly London to Houston ( lv. around noon , arrv. around 4:30 pm )	14	Adposition
I have to admit that I had serious misgivings during the first reading of the directive .	15	Noun
Do you always seem to cross paths with people who are stuck on themselves , intolerant of people different from them , rude or downright arrogant ?	15	Adjective
USDA employee Johnelle Bryant first told us , in sensational detail , of Atta 's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster .	10	Noun
Without QE , which the Fed is now gradually tapering , world trade would have taken a much bigger hit .	4	Determiner
i would n't bother with yoga i 'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem , ride bareback , with no irons , there s also a way to ride on your knees ?	14	Pronoun
But there are a few facts that we must face .	1	Pronoun
Good luck w/ it & will pray for you to have the willpower to be smoke - free :)	14	Verb
I 'll search him out before class or after that break and see if I can set it up .	12	Verb
$ 680 m - Estimated value of Iraq reconstruction contracts awarded to Bechtel .	10	Verb
Thane is in an Ercot PRS meeting Friday from 9:30 until 3:00 .	1	Verb
The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral , this tradition started after the civil war .	37	Noun
Steve , I noticed that our allocation from 2000 to 2001 is going up by 21 % year on year ( ie ) $ 13.9 M from $ 11.5 M .	6	Noun
Please continue its success by carefully adhering to the instructions .	3	Noun
the subject : Turbine 1 and Turbine 2 Purchase Agreement	9	Noun
So my question is ..	2	Noun
As a previous Internet Manager I would deal with anyone looking to buy a car for a profit and not care if they came in with a broker .	19	Adverb
I 'm looking for a camera that has really good zoom during a video and pictures ; and good quality pictures / videos	10	Noun
We want things to be regulated properly so that the problem can be brought under control .	12	Verb
I 'll keep discussion of me to a minimum and just say that things are well on 32 .	5	Pronoun
Similarly , the rest of the world will benefit when Europeans are able to get their policies right and boost their economies .	20	Determiner
About importing XML data	1	Participle
When was the Santorum cocktail first created ?	2	Determiner
em ... no ... the Gates foundation mainly invests in medical research and education , that means donating now adds a tremendous value compared to donating in ten years .	25	Masdar
I ask one of the hostesses when I may expect to receive a drink and she cries out in irritation , " Back to your seat ! "	13	Noun
The phones and networks are compatible , so the only reason it would n't work would be if you have , say , a cheap cell phone company ..	16	Verb
He opened his eyes to make the words stop .	4	Particle
This costs absolutely nothing , and will take about one minute of your time .	3	Pronoun
He was used to walking briskly , and all this starting and stopping and shuffling began to be a strain , as though the rhythm of his body was being disrupted .	0	Pronoun
18 - Percentage of wealth in Britain held by the richest 1e per cent of the population .	6	Proper Name
I went on along Fleet Street , but could not shake off the idea .	7	Conjunction
The event was known about in Paris and caused more upset in a mood which was already charged by the persistently high price of bread and lack of provisions .	9	Adjective
In the core of the city , named avenues run north / south and are named after US cities , generally in repeating alphabetical order ( for example , Winston - Yale - Allegheny - Braden ) .	15	Verb
I do n't want to waste my time on routes set for children , but I do n't want to take on something I ca n't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion .	9	Noun
my female chameleon just laid eggs yesterday and today some of the eggs are soft when i mean soft i mean like not like ordinary chameleon eggs .	21	Interjection
See the Tips section for suggestions .	4	Adposition
More people die from AIDS in one day in Africa than all the Russians who died in the hands of Chechnya - based Moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started .	14	Pronoun
I 'm assuming it 's to scare off predators / like how they will puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies .	12	Pronoun
I have a fax machine at home , though , if you prefer .	11	Pronoun
That concludes Parliament 's agenda .	0	Pronoun
Mrs Weasley fussed over the state of his socks and tried to force him to eat fourth helpings at every meal .	8	Noun
This project is of relevance to researchers in media studies , fan studies , information studies and digital humanities .	8	Noun
I have counted around 25 of them and they currently reside in a 20 gallon tank .	0	Pronoun
Greetings Judge Minkin :	0	Noun
And he strode away , head and shoulders taller than anyone else in the packed street .	6	Conjunction
Service was average , but nothing special , and restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do a better job of training their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly , not merely capable .	27	Adjective
Each time you open the page , Access will read the connection file , extract the connection information , and set the ConnectionString property of the page .	8	Verb
" It marks the first time in recent years that China has promised to wield its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition initiated by the United States and backed by France and Great Britain . "	23	Adposition
KB	0	Proper Name
But something about it seemed to call out to him – as if its unique destiny in the world was to hold the words that came from his pen .	1	Pronoun
The fact that the US government and media are having a hissy fit over Venezuela wanting to buy guns , and then 200,000 of the guns Chavez wants to buy go missing on their way to Iraq is definitely sus .	22	Numeral
Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .	23	Noun
However , his rival Prabowo Subianto also declared victory , leaving Indonesian citizens confused .	12	Noun
It is important to recognize that the specific format of the east-west numbered street names is West / East 71st Street North / South .	6	Determiner
Pros : * Jill , the owner , is very nice and really cares about her feedback * Pretty nice atmosphere * Great Dessert * Not your typical veggie selection , I like !	16	Noun
But here is a mushroom that 's past its prime .	8	Determiner
James J. Hoecker , the former Federal Energy Regulatory Commission chairman , defended making the December decision and also defended Winter .	12	Verb
it s a gift from my brother .	1	Verb
We were just trying to come up with a topical and funny new cocktail for our customers to laugh about and enjoy .	20	Conjunction
Each of those 10 million have families , friends , neighbors ... and so closer and closer does the We interface with the You .	13	Adverb
Open the door and let him out and see how he acts .	3	Conjunction
What I saw was dozens of school buses submerged that could have been used to evacuate people who had no transportation .	17	Pronoun
Within this meager GDP , the gaps between rich and poor are beyond belief and too many of the rich made their money not by succeeding in business , but by being corrupt rulers .	14	Conjunction
Moreover there are now major covert attempts under way to try and bring back to Kabul leading Taliban commanders , who have been living quietly in Pakistan and have taken no part in the Taliban insurgency .	7	Adposition
Go three lights down and take a right onto Ogden .	7	Noun
Using a connection file simplifies the task of deploying related data access pages .	11	Noun
Some 200,000 guns the US sent to Iraqi security forces may have been smuggled to terrorists , it was feared yesterday .	1	Numeral
i believe that NASA is a HUGE waste of tax payers ' money , but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies , that i find it best not to think about it .	4	Verb
Of course , there are grounds for a sigh of relief .	1	Adverb
But the rate of productivity growth in construction is low , and the value of many credit - fueled projects subsequently turns out to be low or negative .	19	Noun
Nina Leopold Bradley , a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer Aldo Leopold , published a 1999 paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on her 61 - year uninterrupted phenological records .	19	Noun
If it becomes apparent that you cannot open either of your two parachutes , or that for some other reason they are fatally non-functional , then the following steps may be of some minor assistance .	12	Noun
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	0	Conjunction
Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stops	15	Noun
Russia also announced that it was seeking and building the best nukes the world ’s ever seen .	2	Verb
We are closely monitoring the matter and should know whether the regime has been modified within the next few weeks .	10	Determiner
( this way the will associate your hand with food , and birds love food lol ) Then I turned on the tv and watch .	15	Interjection
Please disregard and destroy the form you received on July 2 , as well as any blank forms retrieved from the PEP system prior to that date .	24	Adposition
I enjoyed speaking with Dan , and learning more about how the springs are sized for these doors .	6	Conjunction
Same , when I 'm galloping in an open space like that I can just forget everything .	9	Noun
Underage wizards were n't allowed to use magic outside school .	9	Noun
Examining this , I could tell that it had been taken from those ancient monuments I ’d seen and put here for some special reason .	1	Pronoun
Parliament agreed to urgent procedure for 22 March	0	Noun
He wedged himself between the seats to recover the shoe she had lost somewhere over a distant desert ;	3	Adposition
Bray was half-embarrassed to find that he even caught his eye , once , and there was a quick smile ; but Mweta was used to having eyes on him , by now .	29	Pronoun
High guality pup food at a good price .	3	Noun
I have no idea what you 're talking about .	5	Pronoun
The battles and demonstrations were provoked by the US assault on Fallujah .	5	Verb
MMA also captured the Northwest Frontier Province , which probably shelters Bin Laden and al - Zawahiri , and is in a joint government of Baluchistan Province , also on the Afghanistan border .	2	Verb
There had been a lot of such rot let loose in print and talk just about that time , and the excellent woman , living right in the rush of all that humbug , got carried off her feet .	37	Pronoun
Thus , a decline in the number of farmers could produce no outcome other than poverty and widespread beggary .	18	Noun
However upon our arrival no one there ( the inn was open ) .	9	Noun
Despite the aftershocks I would recommend going to Christchurch , just for the experience and then you can see first hand how things get effected by earthquakes .	3	Pronoun
( Please visit our newly updated website www.caem.org for more information on the DISCO Forum . )	4	Adverb
GOODWYN : Murph Archibald says that at first , he did n't know that Mr. Bush was serving in the Air National Guard .	18	Adposition
If you are just applying for a birth certificate for the first time , it s simple to do it over the computer .	3	Adverb
In 1972 , Baba Groom was a smart , funny young woman smack - dab in the middle of an exciting US Senate campaign .	12	Adverb
Although it is often alleged ( without much evidence ) that Saddam Hussein gave money to the families of Palestinian suicide bombers and so encouraged asymmetrical warfare , it is not clear that he actually posed a danger to Israel .	21	Noun
Four guys around a large square open hibachi cook your food , and when it 's finished a server brings it to your table .	0	Numeral
The foundation is now ready to support Ukrainians ' strongly felt desire to establish resilient democratic institutions ( above all , an independent and professional judiciary ) .	8	Particle
They may however be applied beyond the period specified in the first paragraph as long as the relevant commitments have not been fulfilled .	4	Participle
He never gave that secret away .	1	Adverb
Elements of the Zeitgeist were also playfully recreated on USI 's opening night .	1	Adposition
Everyone was gathering round for servings from the roast sheep , and the fair stocky man from the airport signalled a greeting with a piece of meat in his fingers .	23	Determiner
Terminals are numbered from 2 - 4 .	6	Numeral
The way the tax law works , the tax basis for your share distribution will be based on the closing stock price the day preceding notification to the transfer agent .	24	Masdar
But that means nothing , since they were n't the sort of things guys like Bush told the " girls " .	16	Verb
My family is calling for your urgent assistance in funding the removal of the President of the Republic of Iraq and acquiring the petroleum assets of his country , as compensation for the costs of removing him from power .	15	Adposition
The Corporate requirement to lower working capital usage for the Merchanting business irrespective of the above parochial business issues .	17	Noun
If part of the public supports it , others tolerate it , many are afraid of it and some try to explain it away by poverty or by a miserable childhood , organized crime will thrive and so will terrorism .	28	Determiner
Oh my , you asked this question at the perfect time .	4	Verb
Mrs Weasley was clattering around , cooking breakfast a little haphazardly , throwing dirty looks at her sons as she threw sausages into the frying pan .	0	Noun
$ 5.6 t - Projected national surplus forecast by the end of the decade when Bush took office in 2001 .	5	Adjective
Textual evidence also supports the view that several of the plays were revised by other writers after their original composition .	19	Noun
It s natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank would be very overcrowded .	8	Verb
For the rest , after his hours of work , a casual stroll or a casual spree on shore suffices to unfold for him the secret of a whole continent , and generally he finds the secret not worth knowing .	4	Adposition
You may find a normal budget hotel for Rs 1000 per night in the cities you mentioned , the links below may help you to find good hotels in Delhi and Agra .	30	Conjunction
Your answer is very sweet , but I 'm not compassionate towards teenage high school students .	8	Verb
After calling the Scientology organization by phone to attempt to speak with his mother , Montalvo was instead put through to a Scientology attorney , Kendrick Moxon .	7	Particle
Make sure the temperature is good .	0	Verb
He is waiting ! '	1	Verb
As they approached it , they saw to their surprise a large crowd jostling outside the doors , trying to get in .	16	Noun
Thanks so much for your help on this .	1	Adverb
As a result , wikiHow is still at the size that every editor eventually gets to know other editors .	14	Verb
Tape is cheap .	0	Noun
To date they have not made good by either finding the key or paying for a new one .	16	Adjective
Have both of the teams turn around and have the referee throw it into the grass or pitch while the teams are n't looking .	17	Noun
This new legally binding vote is highlighted in the revision of the Rules by describing it as the election of the Commission .	6	Participle
You will find the people of Tulsa love their city and they have that southern charm , so they are willing to help you find your way around .	10	Conjunction
So I will mainly talk about how to use a representation theory to solve all kind of problems and conjectures in asymptotic groups theory .	0	Adverb
By mid-1962 , Brooks and Carson had largely finished the editing , and were laying the groundwork for promoting the book by sending the manuscript out to select individuals for final suggestions .	10	Noun
He is very conscious that money and fame can not buy virility and manliness .	0	Pronoun
I schedule my weekly appointment here just to get a chance to lie comfortably on my tummy .	1	Verb
Dr. Fortier was one of 15 people to receive the Carnegie Medal on Monday .	5	Numeral
I decided to get a 150 gal aquarium , what can I fill it with ?	7	Noun
I went to this urgent care center and was blown away with their service .	13	Noun
The furnishing and finishes are great .	1	Noun
You change the layout of a chart by moving the fields to predefined drop areas within the chart workspace .	10	Noun
I 'm afraid you 've got the wrong Paul Auster .	2	Adjective
We 'll get the paperwork together and sent to you for naked options .	6	Conjunction
Recall how a few years ago , just before the collapse of Lehman Brothers , the financial sector prided itself on its innovativeness .	9	Determiner
Downtown , there are hotels and restaurants to suit every budget .	8	Verb
It was a very practical salesman approach to his work .	8	Pronoun
So , the prospect of fungi existing on other planets elsewhere , I think , is a forgone conclusion ;	3	Noun
3 . Is there any cheap way to give it a shine like I made it in a kiln ?	6	Noun
All the carriers were speaking together , and in the midst of the uproar the lamentable voice of the chief agent was heard ' giving it up ' tearfully for the twentieth time that day ...	30	Determiner
The last three years of the Iraq occupation , however , have sapped this confidence .	1	Adjective
That he managed to get on the wagon ( though with that pretzel incident , you wonder how firmly ) is laudable .	1	Pronoun
To help us better understand the problem , the World Bank and the ONE Campaign recently conducted an unprecedented analysis of the challenges facing women farmers .	13	Proper Name
There is considerable evidence that it is developing both a long - range missile force and a range of weapons of mass destruction .	21	Adjective
DPA : Iraqi authorities announced that they had busted up 3 terrorist cells operating in Baghdad .	11	Adjective
My Snake 's meal is TOO big , what can I do ?	0	Pronoun
I need one horse transported to shows throughout the 2012 show season , and the location is about 3 hours away from where I live .	18	Numeral
No matter how haphazard his journeys seemed to be – and each day his itinerary was different – Stillman never crossed these borders .	3	Adjective
The islamists sent letter bombs in January 1997 to newspaper offices in New York City and Washington , D.C. .	1	Noun
It 's an entirely up and down experience , however .	3	Adverb
Field ( or big backyard )	4	Noun
The US chose to ally itself with such groups as the Supreme Council for the Islamic Revolution in Iraq , whose 15,000 - strong Badr Corps paramilitary was trained by the Iranian Revolutionary Guards .	7	Adjective
If you have not already seen the Flash movie Epic , you should take a few minutes and view the future history of media as conceived by Robin Sloan and Matt Thompson , with music by Aaron McLeran .	35	Adposition
In a few days the snake will begin to shed its skin .	0	Adposition
The following table lists the outcome of each view .	8	Noun
Socotra is an eco-tourism system with limited infrastructure and new to the international tourist market , and therefore the hotel accommodations are not quite like other destinations .	1	Verb
I have many fond memories of my college evenings there long ago .	4	Noun
Nota has no swagger but he is war-hardened .	0	Proper Name
I highly recommend this dealership if you would not like to hassle on price and receive friendly service .	1	Adverb
We had 30 guests for the event , and everyone came away from the evening impressed with not only the food , but the outstanding service as well .	22	Conjunction
the apartment only looks good outsize , inside is too bad .	3	Verb
Also , revenues for the shippers acquiring released volumes from PGE at rates above TW 's tariff rates were adjusted accordingly .	11	Adposition
We have used them for plumbing & A / C and they are affordable and get the work done right .	2	Verb
Do I need to cross reference the deals in my model to the deals in the system or did you already do that ?	19	Pronoun
Abu Musab al - Zarqawi and his group are said to have been bitter rivals of al - Qaeda during the Afghan resistance days .	9	Verb
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to give me a call .	4	Noun
But that was much later .	0	Conjunction
" What happened ? Did your dog eat it ? " he said , making a joke .	2	Verb
" This reality was noted by playwright Oscar Wilde , who said :	4	Participle
It is situated in Yorkshire , North Yorkshire , England with some of the best preserved historical buildings and structures in Europe .	4	Proper Name
My father put his hand on top of my hair , his palm on my head , and I could feel the bone of my skull and my skin and his hot palm , so dry and strong .	26	Conjunction
Is it safe to go to Rotarua , since the earthquakes ?	3	Particle
Voldemort might be a ruin of his former self , but he was still terrifying , still cunning , still determined to regain power .	14	Adjective
The deadline expires today , so if we do not vote , we shall miss the opportunity to deliver our opinion .	18	Verb
The connection , however , lies in an order issued last year by President Hu Jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped by America in case of conflict over Taiwan .	11	Noun
This Directive is a contribution to this .	3	Determiner
So I started a small mailing list and added their addresses to it .	9	Pronoun
European exports rose during that period but the situation has now been rectified .	11	Participle
It is naïve for emerging - market governments to expect major financial centers to adjust their policies in response to economic conditions elsewhere .	14	Verb
Pacific Standard owner , Jonathan M. Stan , displays the Santorum cocktail drink as a finished product at the bar . ( 2012 ) .	5	Proper Name
I will not eat halal meat , so guess what , I opted for foods which were n't a meat dish , there were plenty of other options .	18	Determiner
It would be appreciated if you could advice me on this matter .	2	Verb
Do n't label boxes with contents if the contents are valuable .	1	Particle
Similarly , when you delete the last custom group for a field , the custom group field is automatically deleted .	10	Determiner
For example , the Count function returns a count of all the records without Null values .	6	Verb
The United States does n't believe the Iranian Government .	1	Proper Name
None , just walk in to the service office and present all the identification you have to prove your identity .	13	Noun
The promise of new Royal Navy orders to secure the Clyde shipbuilding industry was made before the Scottish independence referendum in 2014 .	5	Noun
They have seen your pet , and are most aware of his condition .	11	Pronoun
Norton initially made a living as a businessman , but he lost his fortune investing in Peruvian rice .	9	Conjunction
We recognize that the state may not require religious groups to officiate at , or bless , same - gender marriages .	1	Verb
The cars " will " be warranted and safe , but they wo n't be exceptionally " flash " .	1	Noun
By the way , Salmagundi ( the store name ) means something like smorgasbord ; potpourri ; motley ; variety ; mixed bag ; miscellaneous assortment ; mixture , a variety of many kinds of things .	6	Determiner
In the 1950 s , a wave of new critical approaches replaced modernism and paved the way for " post - modern " studies of Shakespeare .	17	Adverb
Over the last two decades , every effort to discipline the EU 's fiscal delinquents has failed , owing to the lack of enforcement authority .	24	Noun
Have you gone international ?	2	Verb
We were in Santa Fe for a special event and our hosts rented out the El Paradero for all their guests to stay at .	3	Proper Name
In the eastern city of Baqubah , guerrillas detonated a car bomb outside a police station , killing several people .	19	Noun
This way they will see that your hand is good and it s not going to grab them or hurt them .	7	Noun
So my advice is that NEVER TRUST THIS DEALER .	7	Determiner
This trickle grew into a flood , resulting in 14 wolves being reintroduced in Yellowstone in 1995 by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service -- albeit over the strong and still - continuing objections of ranchers .	32	Verb
Outsourcing these responsibilities would be a wise alternative , considering the accomplishments of the private sector regarding the space elevator .	2	Noun
When you open an Access file , if Access does n't find a referenced file in the specified location , it searches for the reference as follows .	21	Verb
I need a new lawnmower , so I 'll try to bump it up a little more .	11	Verb
... fraud and corruption prevent a fair and proper expression of the public voice ;	9	Noun
Unfortunately , I 've given it a couple of tries at different times and decided to stop going .	2	Pronoun
This is , after all , his business , and if he wants you to remain a customer why on earth is he doing shoddy work ?	0	Pronoun
If you want a specific product , try doing a online search to see where it is available locally .	10	Adjective
But it is less clear how the government will create additional jobs for women .	6	Determiner
The chiro / acupuncturist will be there to evaluate the horse for wobblers which is often caused by spinal compression and can be confused with EPM .	18	Adjective
The change is mainly on the Settlement Date text , which instead of " ... Two business days after the date of the Transaction ... " shall read as follow :	1	Noun
As most of them have few technical skills , and the Andamans have little demand for them in any case , they turn to smuggling and other unlawful activities .	1	Adjective
His distinctiveness lay in great part in his acceptance of low-life characters as worthwhile literary subjects .	9	Adposition
I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $ 65 puts are in the money and the $ 75 call is also in the money .	7	Noun
We were in Santa Fe for a special event and our hosts rented out the El Paradero for all their guests to stay at .	1	Verb
During this time , F - 102 squadrons were based out of Tan Son Nhut , Da Nang and Bien Hoa in Vietnam , and Udorn and Don Muang in Thailand .	7	Noun
One minister reportedly handed out 100 dollar ' gifts ' to journalists attending a press conference for Allawi , a practice that brings back bad memories to many Iraqis .	0	Numeral
He is currently in the emergency room at Ben Taub Hospital .?	6	Noun
750,000 - Tons of toxic waste the US military , the world 's biggest polluter , generates around the world each year .	11	Noun
Who he was , where he came from , and what he did are of no great importance .	11	Pronoun
Earlier this year Seagal was given Serbian nationality after offering to set up a martial arts school in the capital Belgrade .	12	Adposition
( His conclusion may have been based on the fake mobile biolab plans foisted upon the US by the Chalabi associate " Curveball " , which Alibek divined to be identical to Russian mobile lab design ) .	29	Verb
Mr President , I would once again like to congratulate Mr Koch on his magnificent work on this other report , which in a way supplements the debate which we held in October on rail transport .	4	Verb
It 's narrowed down to Butcher and Singer , Davio 's , and Del Frisco s .	12	Conjunction
If you take a flash light and shine it through the eggs and you see nothing throw them away !	17	Pronoun
I 'm working on it now .	0	Pronoun
But standards of living might have been raised even more if all of this innovative talent had been allocated to more fundamental research – or even to more applied research that could have led to new products .	30	Pronoun
The recall of all OBSF stock in early April and retention on balance sheet ( reduced where economically viable ) until positions are fully reconciled and repeatable daily signoff process can be instigated .	21	Noun
The gall of it all is that Bush is stumping for more money to build more refineries , when what he should do is pour money into making the US independent of OPEC or crude oil all together .	31	Adposition
Could you send me a set ?	4	Determiner
Second , we examined the relative proportions of the two discrimination experience measures across each racial category .	0	Adverb
But anywhere would do , he thought , anywhere at all .	5	Pronoun
For a Jew from Eastern Europe it has been completely typical war , death of mother , death of father , death of sister , four years in disguise among the Germans , death of wife , death of son .	13	Noun
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one of the most popular in North America .	26	Adjective
They squeezed me in and had me back up and running in no time .	0	Pronoun
He wedged himself between the seats to recover the shoe she had lost somewhere over a distant desert ;	8	Determiner
" Are you here for stories ? " I asked .	4	Adposition
Subject : Re : NASA IS A WASTE ! From : jaqamofino - ga on 26 Apr 2005 06:02 PDT	0	Noun
He has a full youthful clever face ; a black beard , small and tidy .	13	Conjunction
In the past , it had sometimes comforted him to make the world disappear .	1	Determiner
As Pakistan 's president had been telling the United States he was " forced " into taking a hawkish line on India precisely by the likes of Rahman , this was an embarrassment .	31	Determiner
The history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it not only speaks to Bush 's character as an addictive personality , but may tell us something about his erratic and alarming actions as president .	33	Pronoun
For our readers who are unaware of your site , could you briefly explain what wikiHow is ?	6	Adposition
I avoided a vast artificial hole somebody had been digging on the slope , the purpose of which I found it impossible to divine .	0	Pronoun
10/20/2000 11:32 AM	1	Numeral
Remember that the snitch runner , if you choose to use one , is not an actual player in the game , therefore , not bound by any of the rules .	30	Noun
Mostly they require tight fitting clothing so they can see that your muscles are working properly and so on .	9	Verb
Aquarius in 2005 - Magic	0	Proper Name
would You like going for * coffee * with him ?	4	Adposition
Indeed , their reports are filled with tales of the " atrocities " of Indian troops on the innocent jihadis .	17	Determiner
This has resulted in a major rail accident in Pakistan involving three trains and involving more than 300 deaths .	0	Pronoun
I well remember what intelligent , informed people were saying in the last years of the Weimar Republic , what they told one another in the first days after Hindenburg had brought in Hitler .	13	Noun
My advise to all is I have fallen into this trap ... pl ensure you do nt !!!	1	Noun
You can order appetizers rather than a full meal and have just as good a dinner .	7	Adjective
The stocks referred to in paragraph 1 shall be deducted from the quantity exceeding the normal carryover of stocks .	6	Numeral
The sun had come round and the curtains glowed like the sky above a fire .	0	Determiner
Measures should be the same throughout the EU to ensure no Member State gets an unfair advantage .	15	Adjective
Since you asked for input , I hope that you do n't mind that I gave you some .	15	Verb
Like The Two Gentlemen of Verona , in which two friends appear to approve of rape , the Shrew 's story of the taming of a woman 's independent spirit by a man sometimes troubles modern critics and directors .	24	Adposition
Aafia never reached the uncle 's house .	0	Proper Name
I need to check something in 969 's 2000 tax return .	9	Noun
She looks up at me , at Renata .	4	Pronoun
A nigger was being beaten near by .	5	Adverb
click the Enron Online Production Cluster " START " button	2	Proper Name
I read an Article in Time magazine accusing the Iranian Government of being willing to start a nuclear war and I sympathise with the Article .	0	Pronoun
He spoke as a Jew to a Jew about Jewish powers of speech .	0	Pronoun
I do not get along with my family .	3	Verb
Sam , please confirm , Global Counterparty also provides the links to establish correlation between the parent and child for our downstream systems .	10	Noun
Some of Shakespeare 's plays were published in quarto editions from 1594 .	7	Adposition
She is important to Africa 's future not only because she is a farmer , but also because she is a woman .	12	Determiner
Prominent Southern Republicans were something of a rare breed in those days .	8	Noun
Proposal for a COUNCIL DECISION amending and extending Council Decision of 17 December 2001 establishing an exchange , assistance and training programme for the protection of the euro against counterfeiting ( the " Pericles " programme ) .	8	Noun
It is a cloth napkin kind of place , but I thought well worth it .	1	Verb
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand , i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube .	29	Conjunction
Good local bike shop	1	Adjective
Flipped the square over and saw it riddled with green mold !!!!	1	Determiner
Auster 's apartment was on the eleventh floor , and Quinn rang the buzzer , expecting to hear a voice speak to him through the intercom .	10	Proper Name
Of course , the tactile trend is closely linked to our growing obsession with making things .	1	Noun
Since divisions of companies are not legal entities they do not have the power to contract in their own names .	13	Noun
In early October , the transition team used the same venue to meet with technology lobbyists , inviting representatives from Uber , the Motion Picture Association of America , the Consumer Technology Association and other groups .	13	Adposition
If you do n't finish the task in the allotted time , then you move on to the next one .	10	Noun
the waitress took my name and then called me that all night .	2	Verb
I wish I had you as my dentist early on in my life - maybe my teeth would have been a lot better then they are now , However I am glad you are my dentist now .	31	Adjective
He has returned from a voyage , he is out in the sun shining from the hills of Moab , he is drinking aquavit with a dear friend , looking over at Mount Zion .	31	Adposition
After searching for two or three minutes , he finally found a place on one of the benches , wedging himself between a man in a blue suit and a plump young woman .	8	Pronoun
In Europe , before the outbreak of the war , the Allies had significant advantages in both population and economics .	17	Noun
Intellectual Property and Economic Development .	2	Conjunction
His use of the Presidency to further this agenda has in many ways been unconstitutional .	8	Noun
Police in the Indian capital Delhi say they have arrested the suspected co-ordinator and financier of last month 's deadly bomb blasts in the city .	18	Particle
Unfortunately , all the dangers in the world are no match for the self - assurance of a bubble - encased zealot .	10	Noun
Do n't get me wrong I want to go , but for 2 days -_- I mean seriously .	16	Verb
Watch out for your wallet !	3	Pronoun
You could stay in a city & get a bus tour to say the Cliffs of Moher or Dingle peninsula but you will be with all the other tourists .	11	Adposition
I avoided a vast artificial hole somebody had been digging on the slope , the purpose of which I found it impossible to divine .	17	Pronoun
If you have any problems or questions , please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696 .	9	Verb
I was already a vegetarian when I read it a little more than a year ago , but it was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan .	20	Numeral
So , no it is not as good as Dubai , but it s quieter and more peaceful , and you can still go to Dubai in 45 mins .	4	Verb
For reasons that were never made clear to him , he suddenly felt an irresistible urge for a particular red notebook at the bottom .	23	Noun
If everything is looking good you may add you betta to its new home .	7	Verb
Depending on the adjusters , you may be able to leave them a little loose too .	15	Adverb
Finally , the " Hatfill theory " seems to have been exhausted or at least lost public favor .	8	Particle
And waited .	0	Conjunction
It 's only $ 10 and in essence just one big petting zoo .	5	Conjunction
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions : Please do not transmit orders and / or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account ( s ) by e-mail .	19	Proper Name
If I went into the " pre-university " direction with business administration in mind .	8	Noun
Do the job honest and quickly as possible .	3	Adverb
The plain fact is that a few members of IT are pushing this initiative , but they lack commercial sponsorship .	13	Noun
For the rest , after his hours of work , a casual stroll or a casual spree on shore suffices to unfold for him the secret of a whole continent , and generally he finds the secret not worth knowing .	34	Verb
Joy Powell Executive Assistant to Richard Everett 713/871-5119	7	Numeral
We take note of that , Mr von Habsburg , and I should be grateful if you could provide us with this letter .	3	Adposition
I 'm interested in what America will look like in 5 years .	5	Proper Name
Seth provides deep tissue massage which has significantly reduced the pain in my neck and shoulders and added flexibility and movement back to the area .	17	Verb
In March 2003 , Mohammed reportedly said that Moussaoui was not going to be part of 9/11 but was to be part of a " second wave . "	19	Particle
One poster admitted to being a part of the effort , writing in a blog post " I have myself , as per instructions , loaded up Gigaloader and started bombarding the Scientology homepage .	23	Noun
Therefore , any trade mark registration that incorporates the word ONLINE as a suffix in the way that you use it will not enable its owner to prevent others from using the word ONLINE .	10	Noun
He demonstrates an excellent " Judicial Temperament , " being courteous , mild - mannered , respectful of all people ; careful in his work , meticulous in detail .	22	Adposition
If you look at the rooms , there 's all the accouterments you 'd find in these types of places --	4	Determiner
This call has been changed to 3 pm ( Houston time ) which is 5 pm ( Sao Paulo time ) .	0	Determiner
Every thing here is good .	1	Noun
Ultimately , codependency leads to a loss of identity , serious frictions , and often a nasty breakup – unless one or both of the partners becomes more self-reliant and strikes out on his or her own .	35	Pronoun
this is not where the Blue Water Bridge Duty Free is located .	11	Verb
On his best walks , he was able to feel that he was nowhere .	3	Noun
There is no denying that there are words which we feel instinctively to be adequate to express the ideas they stand for . ”	9	Pronoun
Then earlier this year these shirts started to come out that said , " Poet says We Know " .	5	Noun
With her appearance finalized , Jasmine became Disney 's first non-white princess as opposed to being of European heritage .	2	Noun
Initially our design group , along with perhaps one of our technology consultants , would like to meet with a group of Enron people for half a day .?	1	Pronoun
This makes it necessary to also take account of the ways in which materials and packaging are affected by cold of this kind .	11	Adposition
Currently , the US is facing an asymmetrical attack from groups wielding small arms , shoulder - fired grenades and roadside bombs .	9	Adposition
While the ominous possibilities of heightened Iraqi chaos , missiles in the Gulf , and Syrian involvement loom large if the US attacks Iran , all pale in comparison to the involvement of China in any US / Iran engagement .	29	Adposition
The MoI in Iraq is equivalent to the US FBI , so this would be like having J. Edgar Hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the Weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	25	Noun
After that , it would be perfectly acceptable .	6	Adverb
The Liberal Democrats , who represented the affluent suburb until 2010 , are hoping to snatch it back with their candidate Sarah Olney .	4	Pronoun
I was experiencing severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit .	6	Adposition
Meanwhile , the European Union and China are pressing to close their own deals in Asia and elsewhere .	15	Proper Name
Nobody can claim that the interference of Afghanistan ’s neighbours is over , but the elections will do much to strengthen Karzai and deal more firmly with neighbours ’ interference .	10	Verb
Creating and deleting custom groups and custom group fields	6	Noun
But I ca n't give him too many shocks at once , and I say , " She has not had a Jewish upbringing . "	4	Verb
if you had any pics of your hens i would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks ?	0	Conjunction
Terminal 2 : Alaska ( Gates 10 & 11 ) , Great Lakes ( Gates C & D ) , Spirit , Sun Country , United	22	Proper Name
I have been suffering from back pain for over 12 years and have been to numerous specialists , physios , osteos and chiros with no help .	18	Noun
Then 1 lap at a walk around the arena with both my legs pulled out as far as I can , so they are not touching the saddle .	27	Noun
http://www.myshutter.com Before becoming disabled , I was an AVID amateur photographer .. come and visit and sign our guestbook	6	Verb
What inspired you to create a cocktail after the santorum neologism ?	1	Verb
For example , I actually forgot to feed my cat , and they went out of their way to take care of him .	19	Verb
The results of the February 26th PVT test conducted on Nville have been discussed with each of you over the last three months .	2	Adposition
What you get is a $ 13 / day charge to access the internet through a slow 512 / 512 kb / s that you can only use to check email etc ( Read : No downloading ) .	29	Verb
After brushing the Florida Keys islands on Tuesday , Rita packed winds of about 240 kilometers an hour as it headed across the Gulf of Mexico .	15	Noun
Sunni Iraqis contend that elections are impossible to hold under occupation .	1	Proper Name
Start with small amount of vodka and Skittles at first to experiment which combination of taste suits you best .	16	Verb
To me , the ultimate feeling of success as an artist , is to move somebody enough where they thank you .	3	Determiner
We really enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay at the Vintage Hostel again .	13	Adverb
You are the only one auto glass repair shop in the area I would count on .	7	Noun
It sounds ( according to your own statement ) that they had a roomful of dogs , so they must be doing something right - and are keeping those dogs safe from potential problems .	32	Adjective
Let me know what schedule works for you .	3	Determiner
If you are new to " The Cat Album " I can tell you that you 'll find more than 1100 pictures of cute cats at this site .	3	Adjective
Balzac suffered from health problems throughout his life , possibly due to his intense writing schedule .	10	Adposition
I was about to give up when I met Jason and Neal .	1	Verb
This pledge is a new development .	5	Noun
This may seem obvious , but deep , even breathing ( despite the rushing slipstream ) and controlling your heart-rate are essential to your continued survival .	11	Adposition
No messages will reach the EES organization unless IBM agrees not to use their proprietary message delivery tool , WebSphere , and will use WebLogic instead .	9	Verb
I am so glad that we now have a good nail shop on San Mateo Avenue !	7	Verb
Ask him or her about work or school , his / her interests , or any recent trips , for instance .	12	Noun
The government 's ban on diesel vehicles within Athens and the early 1990s initiatives to improve car emissions have greatly contributed to better atmospheric conditions in the basin .	26	Determiner
Thought you 'd like to know that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the Compaq Center ... it 's all about you and your needs .	25	Pronoun
Bush ’s National Guard years	0	Proper Name
His last three plays were collaborations , probably with John Fletcher , who succeeded him as the house playwright for the King 's Men .	16	Determiner
What correlation are you assuming , 15 % flat for twenty years ?	10	Numeral
What kind of Meal do peopel in Argentina have ?	8	Verb
It had listed that there was a hot breakfast but all this meant is that they added a waffle maker to the common continental affair at most cheap hotels .	28	Noun
Whereas recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom , justice and peace in the world ;	24	Noun
It also gives the house a lovely smell , and is not toxic , unlike many synthetic chemical treatments .	16	Adjective
It was a very trying time for my family and myself yet Mike took the time to greet each and every one one of us .	0	Pronoun
Never mind , Mrs. Bray will join you later .	0	Adverb
The interior of the island is dominated by the beautiful and green Hagghier mountains and limestone plateau .	15	Noun
It was originally named ' Googol ' , a word for the number represented by 1 followed by 100 zeros .	13	Verb
If you want to make the audience laugh , your punchline needs to be surprising .	13	Verb
Peggy is finding out where WD # 143 pumps to onshore .	4	Adverb
Bangs said his agency is still reviewing the decision .	8	Noun
Only one thing can protect us from this unfortunate fate and that is the rule of unanimity .	7	Determiner
Records show that on Oct. 31 , power generators and electricity traders filed letters with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , demanding that the new plan be killed .	11	Noun
As they design their web pages for the newer browsers with advanced web technology and geared to the newest web core markup language HTML 5 , they are forced to accommodate older out-of-date technology to support IE6 users .	1	Pronoun
" And so we sang this hymn -- this is a long story trying to get to your answer .	5	Determiner
He does have toys , a scratching post , LOTS of mice , balls , yarn , a feathery birdy toy , etc .	6	Noun
This means that when you move a series or category field to the filter area and back , previously hidden items are again hidden .	14	Noun
We will continue to investigate potential misstatements in the system p&l , as a result of data or system valuation problems , within the month end reporting timeframe .	19	Noun
" But the bottom line is that the ideas protected by IP rights are the dynamo of growth for developed and developing countries alike .	13	Verb
It does n't change the company 's intrinsic worth , and as the article notes , the company might be added to a major index once the shares get more liquid .	14	Verb
It is important not to touch the luminol .	6	Determiner
The Mysterious Affair at Styles	1	Proper Name
* Provides a high degree of rate stability , with a 3.5 % escalator to capture both inflation and the cost of needed capital projects .	23	Noun
The next time you feel like being condescending to someone , it is not going to be me !!!!!!	2	Noun
Do n't go , or you will learn how to waste your money .	8	Adverb
Specializing in short stories , she was one of the first important writers to appear in the Meiji period ( 1868 - 1912 ) and Japan 's first prominent woman writer of modern times .	16	Determiner
Unless you want to take the " tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she 's obviously not loving " approach which will likely get you ... uh ... nowhere .	35	Interjection
Working with a timer is generally regarded by most experts as being one of the best ways to develop self-discipline and stop procrastination .	22	Noun
Many of his novels were initially serialized , like those of Dickens .	6	Participle
Claude Mandil , the executive director of the International Energy Agency in Paris , said the reserves in the East China Sea were hardly worth the trouble .	18	Determiner
Sir Reginald himself will present Mweta with a buta-wood lectern and silver inkstand , it 's down for Tuesday afternoon .	11	Noun
But if you want to murder by suicide , you do not have to board a plane in order to explode yourself and kill many people .	16	Noun
The result was to swing a deeply divided society from the verge of civil war to an unprecedented sense of unity .	15	Adposition
In addition , statute determines the election of assembly of regions , and metropolitan districts .	13	Adjective
You do NOT learn the things you were promised .	4	Determiner
Yes , we had to wait , but ER is a triage system that takes the most life threatening cases first .	11	Noun
Also encourage your recipients to forward this along to their contacts , and so on , so that the movement to help her grows exponentially .	7	Adverb
In other words , the unpredictability of historical events like those in Ukraine has to do with an element of uncertainty in human identity .	16	Adposition
You are a clear thinker and all you demand from life , in a relationship , is a partner whom you can trust and with whom you can , together , develop a foundation of trust based on understanding .	19	Pronoun
If you do not wish to receive such e-mails in the future or want to know more about the BBC 's Email a Friend service , please read our frequently asked questions .	21	Verb
I feel lighter and feel that I have more possibilities open to me now than I did before .	12	Pronoun
The rapporteur has pointed out to the House that in its common position the Council has accepted six of Parliament 's ten amendments put forward at first reading and that the substance of Parliament 's other amendments has been retained .	9	Adposition
Currently Shalev is a Professor at Hebrew University of Jerusalem 's Einstein Institute of Mathematics .	5	Adposition
In practise it turns out that it is sometimes impossible to answer this question .	13	Noun
France does n't have a good reputation .	0	Proper Name
( Record holder Richard Nixon . )	3	Proper Name
One time we even left after sitting at the table for 20 minutes and not being greeted with a drink order .	9	Noun
Regardless of method , the winning seeker wins 30 points for his or her team , unlike the books , in which the snitch is worth 150 points .	5	Verb
Now that the Dursleys knew they were n't going to wake up as fruitbats , he had lost his only weapon .	9	Particle
It has cat 's " Meowing " for the vocals , and you might really find yourself in those furnaces , feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they die .	13	Verb
So I can start saving now hehe	6	Interjection
Do n't go here unless you want to sit , order , eat and be asked to leave all in a matter of 20 minutes .	4	Conjunction
should I be embarrassed that I have n't the slightest idea what that means ?	1	Pronoun
The position taken by Foreign Minister Maurice Jobert in the October War of 1973 was that the Palestinian Arabs had a natural and justified desire to " go home . "	7	Proper Name
It emphasizes consumerism , the belief that success always goes to people who merit it due to their abilities , dedication and qualifications , and reinforces , rather than changes , existing ideas related to gender , ethnicity and nationality .	4	Determiner
The angry lobster was completely over-priced !	5	Adjective
His wife was listening , laughing softly , sitting back majestically for a moment .	10	Adverb
In part because of that reputation , the gray wolf was nearly exterminated from the lower 48 states by the 1920s , except for a small remnant population on Isle Royale National Park in Michigan 's Lake Superior .	25	Adjective
It turned aside for the bowlders , and also for an undersized railway-truck lying there on its back with its wheels in the air .	1	Verb
Baffled by the one - star reviews	0	Verb
He was trained to a harness / leash for outside time but he knew to use the litter pan inside .	17	Noun
Ask around to see what they 've been saying about you .	4	Pronoun
Maybe having an experienced doctor might be better than some guy that is cheaper but less experienced !	7	Adjective
He served as minister of finance after the overthrow of the monarch after the 1958 Iraqi coup d'état for the government of General Abd al-Karim Qasim .	21	Adposition
11 - Number of press conferences during his first three years in office in which Bush referred to questions as being " trick " ones .	15	Proper Name
Given the volume of content this represents , it is easy to forget that the television series itself is an adaptation of a book series with a pre-existing fandom .	27	Verb
I was experiencing severe back pain to the point I could barely walk or even bare to sit .	7	Determiner
It 's unfortunate that bmil believed that his ' perfect ' dog was not given the right opportunity to prove himself .	17	Noun
There are also many nail salons , frozen yogurt shops , coffee shops and gas stations .	9	Noun
Even if local Palestinian leaders remain strong enough to keep al - Qaida out , the festering Israeli - Palestinian struggle remains among the best recruiting posters for al - Qaida with young Muslim men .	16	Masdar
Live food is also higher in nutritional value than freeze dried .	6	Adjective
Any use of the work other than as authorized under this license or copyright law is prohibited .	11	Noun
i have a 1 and a half year old male neutered cat and a new 2 month old spayed female kitten .	10	Verb
03/15/2001 04:44 PM	0	Numeral
Please do n't mention my NY trip to anyone .	0	Interjection
WHAT : Copies of the filed complaint will be made available at that time .	9	Verb
I believe you got a copy of the John Sommer letter to producers dated Jan 6 that MKM 's spies intercepted .	7	Determiner
This is some 35 minutes from Neiafu Harbour and provides the main concentration of humpback whales .	13	Adposition
Following the Board meeting on Wednesday , you are invited to join with members of the DISCO Forum for a Wednesday evening reception and dinner , including a guest speaker .	13	Noun
After these successes , he signed a contract with Team Telekom and moved in with his girlfriend in Merdingen in Südbaden , where he lived until 2002 .	22	Adverb
He himself fitted a cat-flap in the bedroom door , so that small amounts of food could be pushed inside three times a day .	17	Verb
But to me , without question , they often know perfectly well .	9	Verb
To any extent .	0	Adposition
Help findin a restaurant for anniversary in SF ?	4	Adposition
I 'm very proud of what we 've done .	1	Verb
A great way to be mischievous in an elevator is to carry on a running commentary while you look at yourself in the mirror .	17	Pronoun
Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stops	28	Noun
if you do n't mind being robbed , cheated or lied to then this is the company for you .	0	Conjunction
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to own property alone as well as in association with others .	3	Pronoun
The reality is that India is no longer the enemy of choice for the people of Pakistan .	12	Adposition
Quinn watched them all , anchored to his spot , as if his whole being had been exiled to his eyes .	3	Pronoun
The Mysterious Affair at Styles	3	Adposition
Over the coming years , faced with the challenges of globalisation and eastward enlargement , Europe will , more than ever before , require appropriate detailed guidance on how to plan and revitalise its economy .	0	Adposition
This was heavily promoted by the Australasian Radiation Protection Society in a press release titled THE MYTHS OF CHERNOBYL which contained the following :	7	Proper Name
My wife and I avoided doing some fairly simple electrical re-wiring in our home for several years due to overall hassle and cost involved .	8	Adjective
In addition , could you look over the list below to see if there are any additional employees in your group that spent time on ECP , so we can ensure we bill all of our used resources to ECP .	10	Particle
He could forget about the case , get back to his routine , write another book .	9	Adposition
As most of them have few technical skills , and the Andamans have little demand for them in any case , they turn to smuggling and other unlawful activities .	17	Adposition
I have taken this tour and it was great .	8	Adjective
Well , unless of course the third compressor he put in the car goes out .	2	Conjunction
When you export data from Access to an XML file , you choose to save the structure of a form or report into a ReportML format .	20	Conjunction
In this delivery format , your body can immediately start receiving the benefits of the product components as the absorption of vitamins , minerals and nutrients is maximized .	13	Adposition
It was my understanding with the EOL Team that all divisions would have the legal incorporated entity as part of the name .	21	Noun
After you are elected in 2004 , what will your memoirs say about you , what will the title be , and what will the main theme say ?	3	Verb
Check out the kids ' space as soon as you get onboard .	0	Verb
We have limited time What are the best sights to see , geiven that we only have a short time ?	19	Noun
Even if the majority of situations that arise in the workplace can be resolved without conflict .	15	Noun
I remember going into Hollywood Magic and wanting that big red box with the dragons on it and I did n't even know what it did .	20	Particle
The conniving and wrangling over wills and inheritances reflect the expertise gained by the author as a young law clerk .	16	Determiner
When you move a field to the row area , the unique items of data within the field are displayed down the rows of the PivotTable view .	15	Adposition
Stop gibbering , said Ron , we 've come to take you home with us .	13	Adposition
Michael McDermott < Michael.McDermott@spectrongroup.com > on 06/01/2000 06:00:56 AM	8	Noun
I visited the festival on Saturday night , the opening night , and there was a sea of people in the square .	3	Noun
The Pacific Standard bar is located in Brooklyn , New York , and is co-owned by Jonathan M. Stan and John-Christian G. Rauschenberg .	2	Proper Name
If you are looking for towing services that can offer you a good towed car service , then Auto Towing is the company for you .	12	Adjective
Ukraine , with its high - quality human capital and diversified economy , is a potentially attractive investment destination .	14	Determiner
Or of Lenin , as Navrozov accurately characterizes him .	4	Conjunction
When you create the first custom group for a field , a custom group field is automatically added as the field 's parent .	14	Noun
" Because when they bring my chicken dinner this kid with the beard will be in a state , " I explain .	1	Conjunction
I m getting a dwarf hamster tomorrow and i saw videos on youtube of them escaping and if my hamster escaped because my mom will FREAK OUT !!!	26	Adposition
P.S. I am moving back to Calgary in about a month .	9	Determiner
Microsoft Access provides ways to both import and export XML data as well as transform the data to and from other formats using XML related files .	5	Conjunction
" One of the reasons that iodine is going down is because people are taking that good healthy eating message and not adding salt during cooking . "	20	Conjunction
if you do n’t lay a good foundation here , then the punchline wo n’t make sense to the audience or they wo n’t find it humorous .	3	Particle
Again Dr. Fortier threw rocks at the bear and again its target was able to escape .	5	Adposition
NOW , THEREFORE , we do hereby Order and Direct Major-General Scott , the Command-in-Chief of our Armies , immediately upon receipt of this , our Decree , to proceed with a suitable force and clear the Halls of Congress .	35	Verb
This means that in addition to being well-formed , the documents conform to a defined schema .	3	Adposition
We will be targeting to raise at least $ 100,000 so company contributions will range from $ 10,000 - $ 20,000 per person ( $ 10 k minimum per person ) depending on the number of respondents .	32	Adposition
A couple days after the oil change , the engine ran rough , the low oil pressure light would come on sporadically , and the engine would whir loudly .	28	Adverb
These are some of the things I 've been wondering ...	2	Determiner
“ I visit the degree shows at Northampton University to spot new talent , ” he says .	1	Pronoun
You 're not going to finish ?	2	Particle
These works were written under the name of William Wilson , and he produced them at the rate of about one a year , which brought in enough money for him to live modestly in a small New York apartment .	5	Determiner
So before hand I kinda knew about him , but I never met him .	10	Pronoun
maybe you should understand how the world works & realize you are just like any other person & not put yourself on a pedestal .	6	Noun
The staff is very pleasant and my hair is always fresh .	0	Determiner
He had not eaten since breakfast early that morning .	5	Noun
You have no idea how effective such a ... a ... faculty can be .	7	Determiner
' I have a little theory which you Messieurs who go out there must help me to prove .	7	Pronoun
i have tried putting him in a small container and putting him in a dark place for an hour or so and he wo n't touch the pinky .	3	Verb
He was about to tell her who he was , but then he realized that it made no difference .	18	Noun
The education is horrible at best , do society a favor , and do NOT send your student here .	9	Determiner
This call has been changed to 3 pm ( Houston time ) which is 5 pm ( Sao Paulo time ) .	19	Noun
For example , in recent years Italy has had problems in utilising the Structural Funds , mainly because of excessive bureaucracy , insufficient information and a lack of involvement of economic and social operators at local level .	0	Adposition
It was widely published among the militant islamists that martyrs go to paradise " in the hearts of green birds . "	12	Noun
We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected , but let me know what we can do .	16	Particle
A taller horse does n't always mean a horse you ca n't handle .	8	Noun
As he did , he accumulated points toward his National Guard service requirements .	11	Noun
Their selection is random , so what they have on a given week might never be available again at the store .	7	Pronoun
i emailed you saaaaaam .	2	Pronoun
i want something cheap east to take care of and something to hopefully fit in my room	15	Pronoun
click on the " + " for Product Types	1	Adposition
Teach your friends this new language .	0	Verb
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch .	13	Adposition
Or else I will not tell you .	3	Verb
While dancing ballet takes dedication and requires serious training , you can learn the basics to prepare yourself for further study .	11	Verb
Flames glided in the river , small green flames , red flames , white flames , pursuing , overtaking , joining , crossing each other – then separating slowly or hastily .	3	Determiner
The pizza is usually pretty good , the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more , but it was still good .	5	Adjective
Follow-up studies with increased stimuli and participants are needed .	2	Adposition
You can find all sorts of fresh food and get a really delicious , fresh sashimi / sushi lunch upstairs .	8	Conjunction
There was yet a visit to the doctor .	1	Verb
My father cleared his throat , looking out the door .	0	Pronoun
" You 'd have to do everything their way , no options given . "	8	Noun
When the apparently cognitively functional take actions that seem senseless and incompetent , it is a most certain sign that they have ulterior or hidden motives .	22	Adjective
Also found in Socotra 's landscape is the ever-strange and extremely rare Cucumber Tree .	7	Determiner
When he finished school , Balzac was an apprentice in a law office , but he turned his back on the study of law after wearying of its inhumanity and banal routine .	23	Noun
According to many scientists , the early results of global warming — 90 degree Fahrenheit water temperatures in the Gulf and rising sea levels — may have exacerbated the destructive power of Katrina .	7	Noun
the attitude of some staff is terrible , did not solve anything only say i can do nothing .	16	Verb
" It was beyond belief that they failed to mention something so significant .	5	Conjunction
One time we even left after sitting at the table for 20 minutes and not being greeted with a drink order .	6	Masdar
Every single to do or things you want to do at that specific moment .	7	Verb
I have used these guys for new snows , fixing lots of flats , used replacement tires , and oil changes .	6	Adjective
Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else .	5	Verb
Dr. Fortier , an orthodontist , learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of Baffin Island in July 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall .	11	Numeral
His official biography also claims that Kim composed six operas and enjoys staging elaborate musicals .	8	Numeral
There were so many possibilities , he could not even begin .	7	Verb
why will hav to pay customs if it is a gift ... ??	0	Adverb
Dan I for one was very happy to hear about your quitting smoking .	3	Numeral
Drink from me if you can ; wash , if you like ; trouble my waters if you dare .	15	Noun
Present are Isaac Stern ; Alexander Schneider , formerly of the Budapest String Quartet ; Kollek 's son , Amos ; two Israeli couples whom I can not identify ; and the foreign-news editor of Le Monde , Michel Tatu .	31	Determiner
Real-time suggested bids for our auction - based system provided guidance that enabled G5 to hone advert effectiveness based on their various targeting filters ( age , college level and location ) .	30	Noun
Would n't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves , or to talk their sons into doing it , if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor ?	15	Particle
I 'm nothing more than a devoted fan of the game myself and I hope that this area can become a haven for deep fan discussions .	8	Adposition
The difference in the results obtained from the application of D2 Test of attention before and after was statistically significant ( p < 0.05 ) ,	23	Numeral
The idea about this site is that the visitors can send in their own pictures and get them added to the album .	13	Adjective
The terms of office of the Members thus appointed shall expire at the same time as those of the Members in office at the time of accession .	6	Noun
It did so again during this legislature , in July , and then , in September , it voted once more to approve the whole Commission .	3	Adverb
Buses , DTC Buses , Call Center Cabs , Private white line buses most frequently running between Noida and Greater Noida .	16	Adposition
Yes , but this time it is his carotid artery - the one that transports blood to the brain .	7	Pronoun
Even if you buy a cake in a baker s you can not be too what happens in the kitchen , for example the cake may have been sliced using a knife used for preparing ham .	8	Noun
This has been an ongoing concern for the five years that I have been a Member of this Parliament , and I have raised the issue time and time again .	18	Noun
I leave the evening of the 21st , my flight comes in about 10 pm , and leave the morning of the 27th at 6 am .	25	Noun
Let s get together soon .	2	Verb
In theory , market - determined currency values are supposed to isolate the domestic economy from the vagaries of international finance , rising when money floods in and falling when the flows are reversed .	18	Adposition
Anyway , it 's no big deal . It 's just a book .	3	Verb
I think that in this kind of structure there is a very gradual clarification of the relationship and the forth going on .	9	Verb
I have faxed to you the form of Bond , our proposed Bond provisions and the EEI Master .	0	Pronoun
They were allocated land and rebuilt a prosperous community that was a key part of an Armenian trade network extending from Singapore and India to Venice and Amsterdam .	13	Noun
The measures shall be maintained no longer than strictly necessary and , in any case , shall be lifted when the shortcomings are remedied .	4	Participle
When he had come to the end , he said , Do you think I 'm crazy ?	6	Noun
“ When I ’m playing him , I feel powerful , ” the Donald Trump impersonator John Di Domenico explained to Slate last year .	15	Noun
A woman walks into an Israeli restaurant in mid-day , eats , observes families with old people and children eating their lunch in the adjacent tables and pays the bill .	8	Noun
Whereas , trying to translate and grapple with wordy meanings is an intellectual mechanism - an analytical process .	7	Adposition
Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 ( Phone ) 713-646-3393 ( Fax ) carol.st.clair@enron.com	1	Proper Name
My car is a little tiny thing , a second-hand crock .	4	Adjective
I believe it is workable , though it may be somewhat complicated .	2	Pronoun
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	10	Pronoun
It emerged from the hearing that the sulphur content , in particular , of both petrol and diesel could be much lower .	19	Verb
But privatisation does not even come into question in this context , it is not being proposed .	10	Noun
PS. Love the new website !	0	Noun
I know I need some of your organizational skills .	1	Verb
if the trouble goes away with the modem off , then make sure that EVERYTHING EXCEPT the modem is filtered , this would include the alarm system , fax machine , satellite boxes , phones , etc ...	26	Noun
What she ’s saying and what she ’s doing , it — actually , it ’s unbelievable .	16	Adjective
Copies will be distributed .	2	Verb
Can we have a meeting this week ( maybe Thursday at 3:30 ) to discuss this ?	6	Noun
Neiafu and surrounding villages are home to about a third of the Group ’s overall population of around 20000 , with the majority of the population living in small villages on the other islands .	21	Determiner
Considering at the design stage a product 's environmental impact throughout its whole life cycle has a high potential to facilitate environmental improvement in a cost-effective way .	0	Verb
Facebook is a free site and will never require that you pay to continue using the site .	15	Determiner
This is the year you 're going to be doing a lot of travel and learning about your world , as expansion is the theme .	2	Determiner
Trek is not so great	4	Adjective
Four guys around a large square open hibachi cook your food , and when it 's finished a server brings it to your table .	9	Pronoun
And now they are finishing a road between Fujairah and Dubai in 45 minutes only !	11	Adposition
Due to business reasons , previously scheduled interviewers from the Penn team have had to cancel their participation .	1	Adposition
All you need to do is place your favorite combination of Skittles candies into a glass or bottle of vodka and wait for it to infuse .	18	Adposition
I have one yellow girl and a green and yellow boy .	10	Noun
That his daddy got him in ?	1	Pronoun
If you are moving the line towards the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows smaller .	10	Determiner
Our citizens cannot accept that the European Union takes decisions in a way that is , at least on the face of it , bureaucratic .	13	Pronoun
The amendment to the Directive on today 's agenda does not therefore affect the existing harmonisation of the transport of dangerous goods in the community .	19	Adposition
USDA employee Johnelle Bryant first told us , in sensational detail , of Atta 's inquiries about purchasing and retrofitting a cropduster .	12	Adposition
He said the top three cartoons will be announced on September 2 , with the winners being awarded prizes of 12,000 , 8,000 and 5,000 dollars respectively .	2	Determiner
If you have any questions , please call 503/464-7927 .	0	Conjunction
And , she granted , “ you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different — we can do better — and where she has expressed regret . ”	15	Conjunction
Dates prior to 01-Jul-1999 are grouped into a single group titled 01-Jul-1999 .	9	Noun
If you mean fluid ounces , 20 , as opposed to the 16 in America .	9	Verb
Mandatory diversity trainings in professional settings , for example , are intended to reduce bias in the workplace by increasing the awareness of employees regarding the challenges facing minority group members . [ 12 ]	4	Adjective
We envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order , filing , etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information .	27	Adverb
Users have full functionality and interactivity with components , including run-time and design-time capabilities .	1	Verb
One thing you can be sure of about Irish weather is how little you can be sure of .	0	Numeral
remember to bring cash since they do n't take debit or credit .	11	Noun
really amazing the new and exciting plays done at this theatre !	3	Adjective
I could easily go to Nordstrom for my designer jeans and pay the same price , but I go to the Garment District for their service .	24	Pronoun
This magma tends to be very viscous due to its high silica content , so it often does not reach the surface but cools at depth .	19	Verb
would it help getting an aquarium cage or a plastic see through box so it ca nt escape i can buy it a wheel	11	Adverb
I 'm Paul Auster , said the man .	7	Noun
That was definitely the case for Andy when he played Benoît Paire in Monte Carlo in April .	15	Adposition
I wanted to be very blonde and instead he pulled my root color throughout my whole hair which is a gross mousey brown .	18	Verb
Ironically sometimes it is wise to leave the newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs .	2	Pronoun
I guess the questions on which I should like your steer are : ( a ) Do you have a particular sensitivity about the reference to bad faith proceedings made by United India ?	29	Verb
Please continue its success by carefully adhering to the instructions .	2	Pronoun
The home page for Rockin on the River is , and it lists all the acts scheduled for the season .	5	Adposition
James , you must come and say hello to Dorothy before we leave .	11	Pronoun
At the very worst , they could take on new identities , live under different names .	15	Noun
I saw her sometimes : in a bright pink dress , a sparkling drink in her hand , on the arm of some foreign officer with brocade on his shoulders , at the edge of a marble patio .	1	Verb
During the first stages of Romanization , the peninsula was divided in two by the Romans for administrative purposes .	8	Noun
Then – would you believe it ? – I tried the women .	9	Verb
In this respect , I accept this proposal to amend Directive 94 / 55 / EC which has been tabled for discussion today .	1	Determiner
Attached is a new link for employees unable to attend the all - employee meeting today at 10 a.m. ( CDT ) at the Hyatt Regency Houston , Imperial Ballroom .	7	Adjective
Would that not be better than total harmonization , which is fundamentally a commercial rule aimed at promoting commercial interests , not food quality ?	12	Determiner
The Settlement date shall be the date ( s ) set forth in the Product description on the Website .	15	Noun
He realized that it was large , perhaps five or six rooms , and that it was richly furnished , with numerous art objects , silver ashtrays , and elaborately framed paintings on the walls .	1	Verb
They eventually turned it over to a collection agency and now will not even discuss the matter .	8	Noun
I suspect the streets of Baghdad will look as if a war is looming this week .	5	Proper Name
With Bush , the aggressive militarism of the Bush administration , as predicted , induced Russia to extend further its offensive military capacity ; it ’s still going on right now .	7	Determiner
Yvan , and Ben , please provide answers to these question via written correspondence so that their is limited probability of misunderstanding .	6	Verb
As agent Van Harp , then head of the Amerithrax investigation said , the information coming from Khalid Mohammed is classified with the authorities releasing only certain limited information .	15	Verb
What I want to do with the animals requires new material preserved in diverse ways , but it does n't require me to be there .	12	Adposition
So I do not have a supplementary question , I just want to register my protest .	13	Verb
The land , the natural resources , the markets , all these go together .	12	Verb
How can i get Weed in Auckland ?	2	Pronoun
Anyway they jimmy rigged it so i could drive it home .	0	Adverb
or are they just supposed to look like they are so nothing will try to eat them	9	Verb
He originated nothing , he could keep the routine going – that 's all . But he was great .	18	Adjective
I got dressed , but my page was quicker than I was and ran out of the chamber to see what was what .	15	Adposition
Then human feelings , human experience , the human form and face , recover their proper place the foreground .	2	Noun
On the other hand , external history contains references to the history of Spanish speakers , their historical vicissitudes and the social use of the language .	3	Noun
All three are extremist Taliban or their allies and known to be living in Pakistan .	13	Adposition
Get masking tape or packing tape and tape screws and other little things that came out of something back against it .	17	Noun
If we look at the situation where safety advisers are concerned , in a number of countries it is compulsory to employ such safety advisers in companies as from 1 January of this year .	16	Noun
11 - Number of press conferences during his first three years in office in which Bush referred to questions as being " trick " ones .	6	Adposition
what r the requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada ?	7	Determiner
ADMISSION : DONATIONS AT THE DOOR	0	Noun
Working together with both Republicans and Democrats , we can get the good aspects of each party while rejecting the bad parts of both .	22	Adposition
I think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards , but I wonder about the most appropriate timing , enough of a global message and the means of delivery .	24	Adjective
Make sure it ’s a target your audience will be interested in and something they ’re likely willing to laugh at . [ 2 ]	17	Adjective
The employees do n't really seem to enjoy what they are doing and it shows .	6	Particle
Well , that would be sad .	5	Adjective
Arctic summer sea ice will decline by 50 percent by the end of the 21st century , the assessment found , with some models predicting complete disappearance of summer sea ice .	15	Noun
Well , you see , the notion drove me .	8	Pronoun
We have not received access to this information which has resulted so far in additional electric cost of $ 200,987.33 for the period of July through September .	15	Adjective
What I have been hearing about the representative in Nicaragua is indicative that the project had not been properly closed down .	20	Adverb
Force yourself to work productively for ten minutes , and then go back to whatever it was you were doing .	17	Pronoun
For by definition an orphan drug is precisely a drug that offers very limited prospects of making a profit .	2	Noun
Wiki Media Foundation , the group behind the Wikipedia online encyclopedia project , said Friday that search giant Google has volunteered to host some of its content on company servers .	18	Proper Name
Stillman never seemed to be going anywhere in particular , nor did he seem to know where he was .	18	Verb
Personally I recommend you take your money elsewhere	4	Verb
The young Hasid recoils when the tray is handed to me .	10	Pronoun
— Peres , on whether the Arab states ' oil wealth will eclipse Israel 's prominence in the region .	4	Conjunction
It is a curb bit with a ported mouth piece and some horses appreciate this to give them more room in their mouths for their tongues .	12	Noun
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	14	Noun
While dancing ballet takes dedication and requires serious training , you can learn the basics to prepare yourself for further study .	0	Conjunction
Also , please let me know , by email , the names and contact information of other managers within Enron who might benefit from having someone with my qualifications in their group .	27	Pronoun
If they 're going kinda slow and like fake biting ( not biting as hard as they can ) , and fake scratching ( not hitting as hard as they can with their paws ) then they 're playing .	31	Adposition
Adidas is helping to clean up the Earth 's oceans by using the waste floating around the world to make shoes .	16	Determiner
the group to which Edwardsiella andrillae belongs includes many species that reproduce asexually , and it 's possible that the fields are " clones " produced asexually rather than the result of sexual reproduction .	18	Pronoun
A wonderful tutoring service for students needing help with elementary - middle school work .	9	Adjective
While hypnotizing is unlikely to cause serious harm , any type of stress is more damaging to a chicken in this state .	15	Verb
Many of the buildings and streets of Chinatown reflect the diverse nature of its history , in architecture and in the bilingual signs seen throughout the neighborhood .	11	Noun
As of March 28 , 2003 , he was in a hospital for a cardiac problem and had been granted " pre-arrest bail . "	0	Adposition
Stillman 's behavior had been too obscure to give any hints .	7	Particle
Can you post a link that shows all the art works that were never found after the Natzi stole them ?	8	Determiner
The entire negotiation took about 20 minutes .	6	Noun
They had gagged me , and Murillo twisted my arm round until I gave him the address .	13	Verb
Move a line in a grid of grouped lines	1	Determiner
Why do n't you phone another location and ask ♥	6	Noun
All comments , suggestions , etc. are appreciated .	7	Verb
American academic and professor Marc Lamont Hill commented ,	6	Proper Name
He has the family look the brown eyes , arched brows , dark coloring , and white hair .	1	Verb
What matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving Spain out of Iraq .	12	Conjunction
( 25 ) Surveillance authorities should exchange information on the measures envisaged within the scope of this Directive with a view to improving surveillance of the market .	13	Determiner
Change there to the 13 line toward " Chatillon Montrouge " and take it until the " Montparnasse Bienvenue " station .	9	Proper Name
" They filed an emergency motion , and we were not about to let California go dark , '' Hoecker said .	13	Verb
If you have any questions , please call 503/464-7927 .	7	Verb
They came in under a lot of other quotes and now I know why !!!	7	Adjective
Everyone is extremely pleased that you 're joining .	2	Adverb
She waggled her fingers , sticky from the marshmallow , and her husband took his handkerchief from his pocket and gave it to her .	20	Verb
Also on Main St. is Metropolitan Plants , a haven for flower lovers , with a very large selection of products for gardeners .	15	Determiner
By that time , however , he had accumulated enough points in each year to cover six years of service .	13	Noun
The U of R is also recommended , too !	8	Adverb
Use a room that is n't used every day such as the formal dining or living room .	7	Determiner
And , third , Marx was fixated on the labor - theory of value .	0	Conjunction
My family and our colleagues will be forever grateful .	2	Conjunction
What we are proposing specifically is a unified capital tax , which would make it possible to boost the funds used to support the harmonisation of social protection systems and the reduction of working hours at European level .	3	Verb
The lower the reins , the stronger the action and the lower the reins the stronger the action on the poll too .	3	Noun
And he is not following me when I was walking .	1	Pronoun
Personally , I should like to see a number of other requirements deleted .	3	Verb
79 - Number of Bush 's initial 189 appointees who also served in his father 's administration .	7	Numeral
Not owners that seem like they have something to hide and know nothing about common courtesy and customer service .	10	Conjunction
St Anne a very nice but also very touristy city and beach ( maybe the tourists primary area of Guadeloupe ) .	6	Adverb
( Kut is in southeastern Iraq and has an overwhelmingly Shiite population , who are on the lookout for Baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .	18	Adposition
Balzac quickly turned to longer works , and by 1826 he had written nine novels , all published under pseudonyms and often produced in collaboration with other writers .	18	Adposition
They have messed up my order and .... The food was just not good !	2	Verb
Ben made another announcement on March 28 , 2005 :	3	Noun
There 's plenty of parking , and I 've never had an issue with audience members who wo n't stop talking or answering their cellphones .	6	Conjunction
I love her . :)	1	Verb
Dekalb County Police Chief Louis Graham ... the man who reopened the investigations last year , is mysteriously stepping down .	0	Proper Name
The next meeting of the CAEM Board of Directors will be held on Wednesday , September 12 , at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington , DC .	23	Adposition
I have a hamster , and mice and rats like to escape .	10	Particle
In the bathroom , with the water running in the sink , he decided to shave as well .	12	Pronoun
Simultaneously , New Delhi would ensure a degree of autonomy for the state that would help cut popular support off from jihadis attempting to convert Kashmir into a second Afghanistan .	29	Proper Name
$ 42,000 - Average savings members of Bush 's cabinet received in 2003 as a result of cuts in capital gains and dividends taxes .	20	Noun
The play was very good and I think well received .	3	Adverb
OMG .. make sure to book a reservation , as this magical place is packed ( in a nice way ) I love that the owner walks around and cares how his customers feel about their food .	35	Pronoun
Both of these men are heavily involved in the private sector of the space industry , and both are also involved with another space company called SPACEHAB .	1	Adposition
Thanks ,	0	Noun
If you 're looking to buy a car , definitely give them a call .	6	Determiner
This is not to say that everyone else is living pleasantly and well under a decent regime .	14	Determiner
Once you 're there , ask if you can hold a ball python .	3	Adverb
The situation is also explained by the Asian and Russian crises , which also deprive the European Union of a potential market .	0	Determiner
Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg tweeted to Mohamed and said the boy was welcome to come and tour the company .	8	Verb
From Friday 's Daily Star	0	Adposition
S&S has again asked about the gtee and l/c wording .	8	Noun
Here are some emails we have sent , along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June , just for your information .	0	Adverb
They live in a world of their own , and there had never been anything like it , and never can be .	16	Pronoun
Given that Herod was in Jerusalem at that time , Pilate decided to send Jesus to Herod to be tried .	19	Verb
Usually this happens because the developer of the site can no longer afford the cost of bandwidth being used .	11	Adverb
70 m - Estimated number of Americans who describe themselves as Evangelicals who accept Jesus Christ as their personal saviour and who interpret the Bible as the direct word of God .	16	Adposition
Secondly , we should not allow this to be postponed indefinitely , and we should not introduce provisions restricted to physical persons .	10	Adverb
Arrange rack in the middle of the oven .	4	Noun
They shut the owl in the paint locker while they debated what to do with it , and in the night John set it free .	14	Adposition
However , I can not support the reference to abortion .	2	Pronoun
Later traditions maintain that he also played Adam in As You Like It and the Chorus in Henry V , though scholars doubt the sources of the information .	23	Determiner
I know that with my industry - wide and investment banking contacts that I can help raise capital for the fund .	10	Noun
When something is unprecedented , it means it does n’t have a past , does n’t have a history .	10	Verb
If you plant the cuttings too deep , they might rot .	3	Determiner
But as Harry climbed onto the window-sill there came a sudden loud screech from behind him , followed immediately by the thunder of Uncle Vernon 's voice .	4	Adposition
It is likely , but not certain , that they will be deported to Myanmar .	4	Conjunction
Can somebody give me the names some collages that do post 18 ( degrees or foundation degrees ) in either :	1	Pronoun
Stardust is a NASA space capsule that collected samples from comet 81P/Wild ( also known as " Wild 2 ) in deep space and landed back on Earth on January 15 , 2006 .	15	Adposition
Ok , I know that Mcdonald 's has Monopoly going on right now .	6	Particle
My family loves coming to Endo Sushi . They are very nice , it is never crowded , and the food is wonderful , very delicious and fresh !	27	Adjective
This process will continue in accordance with the financial spending guidelines laid down by the EU leaders at their Berlin Summit last year , which were supported by Parliament at its last May plenary part - session .	32	Proper Name
As Rogers notes , " Balzac was interested in any social , political , or economic theory , whether from the right or the left .	1	Proper Name
The people there attempt to come across and professional and nice , but I was disappointed with their customer service .	3	Verb
If yes , you do n't need to change it because you board later .	12	Verb
If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more minutes rather than bake them into rocks .	9	Noun
In addition to encouraging foreign direct investment , the EU could provide support to train local companies ' managers and help them develop their business strategies , with service providers remunerated by equity stakes or profit - sharing .	29	Noun
Objectively , this is not likely to help very much ; but it may improve your emotional state .	0	Adverb
Well last night while I was sleeping , my hamster escaped from his cage .	2	Noun
Well , almost two weeks ago he came out and did my horse s feet and was SO flirty .	5	Adverb
You could look at yourself , turning to catch different angles and say “ All right , all right , now we ’re talking , ” very loudly .	8	Verb
I revised the language based on our discussions and added the language concerning interest which we had both previously approved .	5	Adposition
Harry , Ron , Fred and George were planning to go up the hill to a small paddock the Weasleys owned .	14	Adposition
Having a security question is a useful way to verify you own your account if you ever lose access to it .	11	Verb
I did n't fought is it good or not than .	4	Verb
Accordingly , the only issue left for arbitration is whether our IP ( the only one and therefore the one they have to choose ) is or is not an economic hardship under the contract .	0	Adverb
In other places , it may mean increasing women 's access to markets , or introducing labor - saving tools to help them get the highest yield from their land .	6	Verb
we need to know what about them is different and thus related to living in this strange way .	15	Determiner
Golden Gate Park , which is over four kilometers in length , offers a botanical garden , planetarium , Japanese garden and an aquarium .	4	Pronoun
" Snowman did n't think anything of Johnny Carson getting a step ladder and sitting back to front on him , " he adds .	19	Pronoun
There is much work to do in defining the content and regularity of the report and even more work to do to identify reliable sources of data for compiling the report .	17	Adjective
It turned aside for the bowlders , and also for an undersized railway-truck lying there on its back with its wheels in the air .	4	Determiner
The Romantics , in particular , acclaimed Shakespeare 's genius , and the Victorians worshipped Shakespeare with a reverence that George Bernard Shaw called " bardolatry " .	19	Pronoun
Can someone cunclude how long it might take me to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tips to save / gain money ? :O	16	Conjunction
He demonstrates an excellent " Judicial Temperament , " being courteous , mild - mannered , respectful of all people ; careful in his work , meticulous in detail .	23	Pronoun
No doubt there was , some two things that happened to be making noises at the same time .	3	Verb
best burger chain in the Chicago area ?	5	Proper Name
It s natural for some babies to be eaten by adults and if all of them survived your tank would be very overcrowded .	12	Conjunction
He had sunken cheeks , a yellow complexion , a straight back , an ascetic aspect , and , with his arms dropped , the palms of hands outwards , resembled an idol .	27	Noun
is it for guitar ?	3	Noun
I was sold a phone by a friend and sent it off to get it recycled what can i do ?	1	Verb
which is the best burger chain in the chicago metro area like for example burger king portillo s white castle which one do like the best ?	22	Verb
Your learning of concepts of all kinds combines with extensive group activity , bringing your mind into a whole new space this year .	11	Noun
ever since Harry had come home for the summer holidays , Uncle Vernon had been treating him like a bomb that might go off at any moment , because Harry Potter was n't a normal boy .	30	Proper Name
Naturally the Commission will do its best to ensure that progress is made .	11	Verb
How could such a thing happen ?	0	Adverb
He wanted to test the gullibility of his fellow men .	1	Verb
This final step also included an examination of the relative distribution of racial categories across the various reported reasons for discrimination .	3	Adverb
2 ) S Luest P.O. Box 366 Garden Grove , CA 92842 USA	2	Proper Name
ca n't go to any more lsu games unless i get a free ticket .	11	Determiner
For this reason , it 's always better to practice ballet in a ballet studio under the guidance of a good instructor , who will be able to correct your positioning and make sure that you 're dancing properly .	0	Adposition
There are already several forums around the net focused on discussing Guild Wars , so why create a new one ?	7	Noun
Mookie 's good , but he 's raw , and they ca n't even decide who to put in right .	1	Verb
The debate that a handful of Texas multi-millionnaires close to the Bush family have cleverly manufactured over John Kerry 's war record is absurd in every way .	20	Noun
Uncle Vernon sat back down , breathing like a winded rhinoceros and watching Harry closely out of the corners of his small , sharp eyes .	19	Adposition
Have you decided who will be assisting tax - wise for these two countries ?	1	Pronoun
While studies of the psychology of art have focused on individual works and distinctions between representative / non-representative topics , no work has been completed on the aesthetic appreciation of collections or of devotional themes .	28	Noun
There 's plenty of parking , and I 've never had an issue with audience members who wo n't stop talking or answering their cellphones .	23	Pronoun
It can also be dangerous if you use toxic chemicals and poisons .	10	Conjunction
The king did not take special precautions during his escape and was recognized multiple times during his stays .	17	Noun
For how long have you been involved in performing / studying magic ?	0	Adposition
So I have a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for and one of them is my best friend .	21	Pronoun
Stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he 's on the phonne with Gibson or Kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation .	24	Adverb
What do you think ?	3	Verb
Both my grandparents passed away 4 months apart and Mike was very understanding .	9	Proper Name
He took the time to explain things to me about my computer , i would recommend you go to him .	4	Particle
But get the eggs out , maybe rinsed in fresh tap water and then into the incubation water .	13	Adverb
Findings of Lapita pottery suggest that early-Polynesians were on these islands close to 3000 years ago .	0	Noun
I ve tried to tame them and they just would not get tamed .	9	Verb
Our time is likely to be limited to 5 - 10 minutes .	10	Numeral
Critic W. H. Helm calls one " the French Dickens " and the other " the English Balzac " .	1	Proper Name
Other than that the hotel is in a good location and the breakfast is great	7	Determiner
He was referred to me by a friend , who did n't have the best experience with Ted , but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end .	30	Noun
The subject of all this talk is , ultimately , survival the survival of the decent society created in Israel within a few decades .	8	Adverb
Can one of you give me a quick call to discuss .	5	Pronoun
No , I will not attend _______	0	Interjection
Best weather the past couple of years has been around late April - late May but it can pour with rain for days on end at any time of the year so be prepared with waterproof jackets / boots etc .	7	Verb
They were very polite , eager to answer any questions and willing to wait for us to return from vacation to begin installing our fence .	3	Adjective
If you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .	23	Verb
if you do have a male but they are not in the same cage or breeding but you touch him then her she will smell his sent and probably lay eggs .	11	Determiner
Someone else I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty .	16	Conjunction
In the background , shining , is Renata , who is young and healthy and good , raising her arm to show her grandmother that the chip is nothing , nothing at all .	10	Verb
" Balzac 's use of repeating characters , moving in and out of the Comédie 's books , strengthens the realist representation .	2	Particle
Also you could use a stable rom like bugless beast and baked snake .	4	Determiner
Our friend is a world traveler and loves unpretentious dining experiences and inspired food .	11	Conjunction
Yo mama `s so fat , she `s got smaller fat women orbiting around her .	13	Adposition
Our world is in crisis and our Republic is in danger .	8	Verb
He 's pretty much an " I love American Food , good drinks on occasion , laid back . " kind of guy . ;)	8	Adjective
What was the good of magicking himself out of his room if Hogwarts would expel him for doing it ?	10	Noun
There must be an internal coherence in the Commission directorate , while respecting the specific local and regional aspects of Commission programmes .	0	Adverb
I do n't understand , what do you mean by " log in an email " ?	11	Verb
The Chapman lighthouse , a three-legged thing erect on a mud-flat , shone strongly .	4	Determiner
Like The Two Gentlemen of Verona , in which two friends appear to approve of rape , the Shrew 's story of the taming of a woman 's independent spirit by a man sometimes troubles modern critics and directors .	5	Proper Name
As he crossed the threshold and entered the apartment , he could feel himself going blank , as if his brain had suddenly shut off .	5	Conjunction
Some times , the airline provides these at the airport , however check first that this is the case .	7	Adposition
Eventually , in about 512 - 511 BC , the Macedonian king Amyntas I accepted the Achaemenid domination and surrendered his country as a vassal state to the Achaemenid Persia .	20	Pronoun
I expressed , politely , the hope that the other attitude , the revolutionary one , would not be abandoned .	17	Particle
For us , as digital humanists , defining the “ transmedia fan ” is of particular relevance as we seek to understand contemporary social and cultural transformations engendered by digital technologies .	22	Adjective
Our long term goal is to produce practical instructions on almost every topic in every language .	6	Verb
And she offered him the flowerpot .	0	Conjunction
On the rooftop patio of the opulent apartment are tubs of fragrant flowers .	8	Verb
I caught the third day of Corey 's Jeopardy run last night here at the office ( yes , I had to come back after the play ... I love my job ! ) .	2	Determiner
Instead of using vegetable oil , try substituting it for walnut or macadamia nut oils if they are available to you .	13	Noun
By Dan Whipple	2	Proper Name
Rules for moving an exterior line	2	Participle
Unfortunately for them , the general has decided to take seriously Colin Powell 's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the Indians made conciliatory gestures toward Islamabad .	2	Pronoun
Juan Cole ( www.juancole.com ) is a professor of modern Middle East history at the University of Michigan and author of " Sacred Space and Holy War " ( I.B. Tauris , 2002 ) .	22	Proper Name
I will be getting with my vet first and if I do get him , have the spinal fluid test done for EPM and a titer test .	10	Pronoun
make it fifteen the next day , then twenty , and so on .	11	Adverb
if he keeps his head , and that one ca n't be sure of , not even with him , mmh ? not even with him .	12	Adjective
Its projected demand , boosted by a huge rise in car ownership as well as the need to find alternatives to polluting coal for electricity generation , has contributed to the surge in the price of oil this year .	5	Adposition
I 'm looking to visit India with some mates at the beginning of February next year and I am wandering what standard of accommodation we could get for Rs 500 per person per night .	13	Proper Name
A normal processing time , unless you have an advanced degree or a " specified " skill is from 3 - 5 years .	9	Adjective
And she knows quite well that we 'd never see each other in London either .	8	Adverb
Prior to the ruling , the religion was banned from conducting public worship at archeological sites by the Greek Ministry of Culture .	0	Adverb
The MoI in Iraq is equivalent to the US FBI , so this would be like having J. Edgar Hoover unwittingly employ at a high level members of the Weathermen bombers back in the 1960s .	24	Adjective
He had just the faintest blush , and said modestly , I 've been teaching one of the native women about the station .	22	Noun
He supposed he had n't spoken clearly enough through his mouthful of ashes back in the Weasleys fire .	3	Verb
nevertheless , in this event these coping strategies may assist .	4	Noun
Universal Declaration of Human Rights .	1	Noun
ever since Harry had come home for the summer holidays , Uncle Vernon had been treating him like a bomb that might go off at any moment , because Harry Potter was n't a normal boy .	24	Adposition
Many people want to use diplomacy with Iran rather than military pressure .	5	Noun
There it is before you – smiling , frowning , inviting , grand , mean , insipid , or savage , and always mute with an air of whispering , ' Come and find out .	14	Adjective
Attached is a new link for employees unable to attend the all - employee meeting today at 10 a.m. ( CDT ) at the Hyatt Regency Houston , Imperial Ballroom .	20	Proper Name
Within a week we noticed one of the boards on our gate splitting where a nail had gone in .	5	Numeral
By the way , Salmagundi ( the store name ) means something like smorgasbord ; potpourri ; motley ; variety ; mixed bag ; miscellaneous assortment ; mixture , a variety of many kinds of things .	8	Noun
I 'm currently 12 and I get about 20 dollars a week for lunch , sometimes a bit more , I plan to save 10 dollars every week :)	0	Pronoun
Great People and even better service !	4	Adjective
I get Microdermabrasions regularly and I love the environment	1	Verb
They have ideas but they can not formulate them in the right way .	11	Adjective
By 1998 , Zawahiri had determined that the Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States and hold off on further attacks against the Egyptian regime .	1	Numeral
" In the first place he was too busy " , explains Saintsbury , " in the second he would not have been at home there ....	6	Verb
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .	6	Adposition
In the medium case , investigations find that Enron ( like others ) " played by the rules , " but the rules stunk , and Enron profited at the expense of California consumers .	33	Noun
There 's of course Jason , who is our editor and he 's the one who writes dD .	4	Proper Name
They are merely imposters .	3	Noun
Have you heard if the Kinga has had little Brian II yet ?	5	Proper Name
There s [ sic ] something in the hilarious anarchy of the net that produces these ' events ' every now and again . "	12	Noun
The hope may be that Posada can soon be offered to a post-Chavez Allawi - like puppet in Caracas .	6	Verb
I 'm looking for a camera that has really good zoom during a video and pictures ; and good quality pictures / videos	18	Adjective
And there are already Arabs who did it .	7	Pronoun
... Some help would be great .	1	Determiner
You should call your vet now and ask them what is normal or not .	13	Particle
i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs .	3	Adposition
The day was ending in a serenity of still and exquisite brilliance .	10	Adjective
He was used to walking briskly , and all this starting and stopping and shuffling began to be a strain , as though the rhythm of his body was being disrupted .	4	Participle
Related cross-cultural studies have resulted in insufficient statistical power , but interesting trends ( e.g. , Nedwick , 2014 ) .	16	Proper Name
If so go for it and I 'll give you all the moral support I can as you figure out what is up .	20	Pronoun
A nigger was being beaten near by .	2	Verb
If Access still ca n't find the reference after performing this search , you must fix the reference manually .	11	Noun
This attitude is particularly prevalent in India , which recently put trade negotiations with the EU on hold , and it was central to the failure of the Doha Round of global trade talks .	4	Adjective
40 - Percentage of wealth in the United States held by the richest 1 per cent of the population .	6	Determiner
Afshari , who was posted in Germany and was responsible for receiving Mujahedeen children during the gulf war , said that when the German government tried to absorb Mujahedeen children into their education system , the Mujahedeen refused .	8	Verb
You anticipate upsizing your application in the future to an Access project and want to create queries that will run with minimal changes in a Microsoft SQL Server database .	17	Conjunction
P.S. By the way , did you have a chance to take a look at the EOL ?	3	Noun
The word ' ivory ' rang in the air , was whispered , was sighed .	8	Noun
There were several pimples on her left cheek , obscured by a pimpish smear of pancake makeup , and a wad of chewing gum was crackling in her mouth .	12	Adjective
Imagine a hotel having problems with people .	2	Noun
The so called ' Tanker ' wars in the late 1980s put Iran squarely in the bullseye of all nations seeking to transport oil out of the region .	19	Noun
What to do in San Rafael Ca ?	0	Pronoun
I do n't know anything about these transactions .	3	Verb
The Licensor grants You the rights contained here in consideration of your acceptance of such terms and conditions .	12	Noun
After the 1906 earthquake , many San Franciscans relocated there , and the industrial development of the 20s and 30s saw its population in the hundreds of thousands .	2	Numeral
And you ? said Uncle Vernon viciously to Harry .	6	Adverb
Valero said it was reducing rates at its 243,000 bpd Texas City refinery and its 85,000 bpd Houston refinery .	2	Pronoun
Most of us still have hope for ourselves even when stuck in the darkest dilemmas , ruts and catch - 22s .	14	Noun
Do NOT feel guilty about taking them there .	7	Adverb
My Favorite place at Wildwood	4	Proper Name
I formatted the file so that it would print on one legal size sheet .	5	Conjunction
Using this work arrangement , it forces you to take action , as you ca n't afford to waste any time . [ 2 ] .	16	Verb
The euro was the most audacious of those symbols – a construct of dubious economic value , with well - documented fragilities .	8	Noun
I have also amended the timeframes in the Credit Support Annex to 10 days instead of 2 days .	8	Noun
This town is comprised of a large residential community that includes Fort Lee natives , transplants from New York , and immigrants , especially from Korea .	8	Noun
I appreciate the quick , good service and the reasonable prices and will definitely use American Pride Irrigation & Landscaping again .	2	Determiner
Game 3 : Monday , June 11 @ 7:00 PM vs. Los Angeles SPARKS	12	Proper Name
Madam President , can you tell me why this Parliament does not adhere to the health and safety legislation that it actually passes ?	22	Verb
One of these papers , written by Eichelberger himself , was translated into Arabic , " commented upon by members of Nasser 's staff , translated back into English for Eichelberger 's benefit . "	31	Particle
Do this for about one hour .	2	Adposition
I have no inside information , but I have been following links today that strongly indicate that Google is damn serious about securing permanent control of the leading edge browser technology in Firefox .	28	Noun
the room you sleep in is best ( seeing you so relaxed that you are sleeping will send the message that everything is OK ) , but others will work just as well .	17	Verb
I have been in some of them , and ... well , we wo n't talk about that .	10	Interjection
File photo of magician David Gish displaying magic props for a young child .	1	Noun
During this time , F - 102 squadrons were based out of Tan Son Nhut , Da Nang and Bien Hoa in Vietnam , and Udorn and Don Muang in Thailand .	18	Conjunction
LONDON – Bank of England Governor Mark Carney surprised his audience at a conference late last year by speculating that banking assets in London could grow to more than nine times Britain 's GDP by 2050 .	15	Adjective
& here I am thinking that I really must be getting old .	1	Adverb
Making Skittles vodka is a fun way to add a splash of fruity flavor and color to regular vodka .	18	Noun
My page jumped out of bed as if crazed , looking more dead than alive , and you can imagine how I felt when he cried , “ They 're already being presented to the king ! "	34	Determiner
To truly make a glowstick without breaking an already-made glowstick and shoving its contents into a tube ( also known as cheating ) , you 've gotta let your inner scientist out ( along with a few dollars ) .	24	Pronoun
Encino has been blessed by the opening of this smoke shop most definately .	8	Determiner
The Union of Rationalist Atheists and Agnostics ( UAAR ) has launched a petition which now has more than 11,000 signatures , asking the government to respect and execute the sentence of the Supreme Court .	24	Noun
We might be mistaken in using the gross domestic product per inhabitant as the sole indicator .	14	Adjective
Of course , this is not a groundbreaking insight .	0	Adverb
The consul and his wife had been swept into some back room by the presence of aides , secretaries , and the necessity to keep their cats out of the way of Lady Dorothy 's dog .	21	Determiner
Over 50 years .	2	Noun
Psychology major at University of Texas Arlington Amneh Jafari heard of the incident and wanted to issue her support to Mohamed .	18	Noun
I would rate Fran pcs an A + because the price was lower than everyone else , i got my computer back the next day , and the professionalism he showed was great .	2	Verb
It was his job to make the food , which consisted mainly of gristle-studded hamburger patties , bland sandwiches with pale tomatoes and wilted lettuce , milkshakes , egg creams , and buns .	17	Adjective
The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of Ismail Khan , the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month , who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners .	34	Adjective
Theravada Buddhist monks are also supposed to avoid material temptations and as such , are not allowed to touch money , so offering money to a monk is considered to be a sign of disrespect in most Theravada Buddhist cultures .	34	Noun
Please let me know how you would like to proceed .	4	Adverb
If they 're nice to your face , but talk bad about you behind your back like it 's their favourite hobby , then they probably have a problem with pride .	9	Verb
Commissioner , we shall continue to raise the issue , as Article 158 , paragraph 1 , of the Treaty of Amsterdam provides for an integrated policy for islands .	15	Numeral
There was a small click and the door swung open .	5	Conjunction
28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2003 , the second - longest vacation of any president in US history .	4	Noun
Ahmed Mohamed , a 14-year-old boy from Irving , Texas , was arrested at his school by police after he brought a digital clock he had made to school .	7	Proper Name
Saudi officials had already provided safeguards by installing an oval wall with padded edges to protect pilgrams from a crush , installed security cameras and placed over 60,000 security personnel in the area .	3	Adverb
( 3 ) Parents have a prior right to choose the kind of education that shall be given to their children .	1	Numeral
Does the Tablet have a major difference in speed compared to the Color ?	2	Noun
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -	0	Proper Name
While we ca n't make any promises , we will do our best to bring in at least some of these special guests .	4	Verb
" That 's very generous , " I say .	2	Verb
yes of course you can ....	0	Interjection
Basil does best in well-drained soil , and should not be subjected to standing water .	10	Verb
James J. Hoecker , the former Federal Energy Regulatory Commission chairman , defended making the December decision and also defended Winter .	4	Determiner
Until now Pakistan has not facilitated such a return and clearly it can not happen until there is both a pull from Kabul and a push from Islamabad .	17	Verb
The reaction that the luminol and hydrogen peroxide creates does n't last long at all -- maybe a couple of minutes .	7	Noun
If you edit the ConnectionString property of a page that is linked to a connection file , the link will be broken and the ConnectionFile property will be set to null .	30	Noun
They also keep track of the score .	4	Adposition
Look around you and notice all the mind numbing trailor trash cretins out there who should not be procreating , yet they do .	5	Determiner
how rough is too rough ?	1	Adjective
SPLOID.com cited you on the topic of that priest conviction : http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php	2	Pronoun
Oxalic acid is two carbon dioxide molecules joined together .	1	Noun
The RHS collected comments sent in by schoolchildren and teachers involved in the experiment .	7	Noun
The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter , the president of the Independent System Operator , acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .	15	Determiner
Unless you have a particular skill they need - and firm job offer before going - I would think twice about it !	3	Determiner
Celebrities , fans and even CNN reporters are dressing up like " Stranger Things " characters this holiday .	15	Noun
Prevention has to be our answer to disasters of this kind and this draft Directive is an important step towards well - trained safety advisers being available , so that the right action is taken in good time .	35	Adposition
You all remember the Iraqi Minister of Information , Mr. Mouhamad Said al - Sahaf and his press conferences when the US forces were already inside Baghdad .	22	Noun
It ’s very much like you are trying to make the room laugh , but the room has been a sort of captive audience for many many years now , so it takes a lot to make the room laugh .	30	Adverb
April is the most ideal month .	0	Proper Name
When he had come to the end , he said , Do you think I 'm crazy ?	5	Determiner
28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2003 , the second - longest vacation of any president in US history .	0	Numeral
Protocol Concerning the conditions and arrangements for admission of the republic of Bulgaria and Romania to the European Union .	9	Determiner
( this way the will associate your hand with food , and birds love food lol ) Then I turned on the tv and watch .	22	Noun
and I was going to take charge of a two-penny-halfpenny river-steamboat with a penny whistle attached !	5	Verb
Mr President , our committee views these issues very differently and , to start , I will speak from the point of view of research .	22	Noun
You can make other noises if you prefer , such as a bird cawing or an explosion sound every time a button is pushed .	22	Verb
Therefore , Madam President , I would ask you to request that the Commission express its opinion on this issue and that we then proceed to the vote .	11	Conjunction
" Despite an increase in vehicle miles driven and energy consumption , surface ozone has declined by 25 percent on average across the U.S. from 1980 to 2012 [...]	26	Adposition
8 . Satisfied Enron Customers	2	Adjective
He has the family look the brown eyes , arched brows , dark coloring , and white hair .	17	Noun
We 're at war with Islamic fascists .	1	Verb
The far end of part of the convention floor , shortly after opening Friday .	2	Noun
When civilians launched a suicidal attack on an armed force in Kyiv on February 20 , their sense of representing " the nation " far outweighed their concern with their individual mortality .	24	Adverb
For example , you can specify that a control is raised , sunken , or etched .	14	Conjunction
Its police includes a special unit which operates patrol and surveillance boats .	11	Noun
We 're entering into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio-political - spiritual territory here that may require further examination and serious introspection .	17	Verb
We stopped in and got some take out and can not stop going back .	8	Conjunction
What happened to McGowan ?	0	Pronoun
In 2012 , there were an estimated 207 million cases of malaria , leading to some 627,000 deaths .	15	Determiner
When she goes to the zoo the elephants throw her peanuts .	2	Verb
a bar would be nice but also something extremely unique .	7	Pronoun
$ 113 m - Amount of total hard money the Bush - Cheney 2000 campaign received , a record .	9	Determiner
We now return you to your regularly scheduled programming ....	3	Pronoun
In George Orwell 's influential novel " 1984 " doublethink is a device promoted by the totalitarian state government to make people accept two irreconcilable ideas at the same time such as " war is peace " .	35	Noun
Mr President , I would firstly like to congratulate the rapporteur , Mr Koch , on his magnificent work and his positive cooperation with the Commission with regard to improving the texts and presenting this report and this proposal ;	29	Verb
" Are you going to be a teacher ? " I asked .	5	Verb
On the one hand , it should pressure Musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " Legal Framework Order " that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .	13	Noun
China 's export - led growth miracle would not have started in the 1980 ' s without the American consumer .	4	Participle
Molly Harris	0	Proper Name
In the 20 th century , his work was repeatedly adopted and rediscovered by new movements in scholarship and performance .	18	Conjunction
As a native southern Californian I can tell you that this is not authentic Mexican food .	13	Adjective
In the first eight days of January , eighteen US troops have been killed in Iraq , compounded by another twelve deaths from a Black Hawk helicopter crash on Saturday .	5	Adposition
select the product requiring review as stated in e-mail above	2	Noun
I 'm afraid so , he mumbled in his Englishman 's way .	8	Pronoun
At a minimum your clothes should be neat , clean , and free from holes or tears .	12	Adjective
Jan 9.95 Feb 6.25 Mar 4.98 April 5.37	5	Numeral
The wine was warm , but an early-hours-of-the-morning rain came out like sweat , and coolness blew in on necks and faces .	18	Adposition
I have sat here patiently and I find it quite extraordinary that you are not calling me .	0	Pronoun
The correction to the working gas includes TWO corrections .	6	Verb
They already have rights to take it , alter it , and release those changes to the world - this is what the whole open source thing is about .	23	Adjective
Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and beat together ( by hand or with an electric hand-held mixer ) .	18	Adjective
As for Ted , things are still going well although I have n't see him at all this week ( we are two very busy people ) .	9	Conjunction
For example , if you move the Salesperson field to the MultiChart area , a chart is created based on data for each salesperson in that field .	17	Participle
More people die from AIDS in one day in Africa than all the Russians who died in the hands of Chechnya - based Moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started .	18	Noun
Even a little time spent receiving wholesome , uncontaminated food , good medical care , etc. can add years to their lives .	0	Adverb
More people die from AIDS in one day in Africa than all the Russians who died in the hands of Chechnya - based Moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started .	20	Proper Name
This , in turn , has discouraged international investment in Israel and has made it less likely that immigrants to the country will actually remain there .	13	Verb
Make sure that you and your friend(s) all follow a systematic language system .	10	Adjective
But before you fight and win , by force or otherwise , you have to realize that you are in a war , and this may take Europe a few more years .	29	Adjective
When there are a lot of people , say , " You 're probably wondering why I 've gathered you here today . "	13	Adverb
Otherwise we will find ourselves forced to take more serious decisions as regards our trading relations with Israel .	15	Noun
They are surrounded by a second wider circle of direct supporters , planners , commanders , preachers , all of whom make a living , usually a very comfortable living , by serving as terror infrastructure .	7	Noun
As I mentioned in my e-mail , John Lepore at Select Energy ( Settlements Group ) is trying to reconcile our list with his list .	13	Noun
Press gently down on its back , and gently move its legs back if it tries to stand up .	10	Pronoun
Since the 1960s , the South Korean economy has grown enormously and the economic structure was radically transformed .	9	Verb
Security in the hotel seemed to be excellent , but we were never given an explanation as to why someone would open these items .	14	Determiner
looking for a surprise spot to take my bf .	4	Noun
In today 's instant world , there 's no reason for the instructor not to even have given us a phone call or e-mail if she was going to be late .	15	Adverb
I am half way through the first and you can borrow it when I am through .	13	Pronoun
Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under John 's name ( if so , to whom will the letter be sent ) ?	19	Adposition
After he lost a lawsuit in which he tried to void his rice contract , Norton 's public prominence faded .	7	Pronoun
" I can go as far as twenty-five . "	6	Adposition
Great help even near closing time !	4	Noun
Possibly a freshwater tank with a ton of different species in there .	1	Determiner
He leads me from the Gai-Hinnom up to an ancient Karaite burial ground , where you can see the mingling for yourself .	3	Adposition
Add only silk plants as plastic ones may tear up ur betta s delicate fins .	2	Adjective
I did this at age 13 in Champagne , France and it was the most amazing experice of my upbringing .	1	Verb
They also do banners , billboards and lots more .	0	Pronoun
Otherwise , we can see who we can scare up at the office , or you can have Laura sign and I 'll initial later .	3	Verb
Of course , the potential of educated , empowered women to drive sustained economic growth is not limited to South Korea .	16	Particle
Your mom just called and said your dad 's surgery will be at 2:30 p.m .	3	Verb
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year .	38	Noun
They picked my car up in Yarmouth and towed to Bath for a great price .	13	Adjective
The ten - hour journey to and from the ceremony took a toll on both husband and wife :	15	Noun
The two main factors driving that increase were the expansion of credit and the rapid rise in resources devoted to asset management ( associated , not coincidentally , with the exponential growth in financial - sector incomes ) .	35	Noun
He was scrambling back onto the chest of drawers when Uncle Vernon hammered on the unlocked door – and it crashed open .	21	Adjective
Burger King	0	Proper Name
As a steady wind begins to blow , fine particles lying on the exposed ground begin to vibrate .	11	Adposition
Our attorneys and internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII Audit Rights .	14	Noun
You are unlikely to have the time or ability to aim for a soft landing-spot , body of water , or other impact site that might improve your chances of survival .	9	Particle
Over the past 50 years , the destruction of habitat surrounding agricultural land has degraded approximately 40 % of agricultural land worldwide via erosion , salinization , compaction , nutrient depletion , pollution , and urbanization .	15	Adverb
they fixed my garage doors in literally less than an hour .	5	Adposition
It 's a yoyo , he answered , opening his hand to show him .	5	Pronoun
Good job , Lake Forest Tots !	1	Noun
They are simply afraid and hate modernity .	3	Adjective
You can even take some words of languages , altering them or not .	1	Verb
By the way , Salmagundi ( the store name ) means something like smorgasbord ; potpourri ; motley ; variety ; mixed bag ; miscellaneous assortment ; mixture , a variety of many kinds of things .	31	Adposition
" They ( electricity generators ) grinned and beared the $ 750 price cap , but this new plan by ISO was too much , " said Dunn , whose committee has been investigating since March .	34	Adposition
I anticipate completing the review of the Master Agreement form and submitting comments to you by Monday .	1	Verb
I get Microdermabrasions regularly and I love the environment	5	Pronoun
So they are 3 times larger than us and they have all the oil in the world .	6	Adposition
Read below for more of the interview in full .	7	Adposition
I put the coffee thing in hot water and settled for a cup of weak coffee .	13	Adposition
Each filter you apply is added to the ones you already have in effect .	1	Noun
Retail and wholesale businesses expanded as shoppers remained upbeat , and consumer services companies also grew .	1	Conjunction
What I know is that I have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in New Orleans .	8	Adjective
And this has already drawn protests from the Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) which was backed by the LTTE in the April general elections held in Sri Lanka .	5	Noun
Well - when you pay over $ 1000 for something you want it to hold up and look good !!!	9	Pronoun
Texas Roadhouse is WAY better !!	4	Adjective
We shall proceed to vote on the PPE - DE Group 's request that the oral question regarding the capital tax be withdrawn from the agenda .	12	Noun
At some point in the not so distant future , the Houson and London credit departments need to speak in order that each understands the " philosophy " behind credit analysis for the omnibus and master transactions .	20	Noun
It 's a father and son business .	3	Noun
The two institutes were later joined by the Leiden University Libraries .	7	Determiner
This unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling - out with his Iraqi partner , who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of Kuwait , a wholly - owned U.S. - British subsidiary .	5	Verb
I knew a cat that died in its sleep aged 21 .	9	Adjective
But another , less widely discussed social determinant – maternal nutrition – could be .	10	Noun
To this end , Europe as a whole , and each Member State individually , will have to make optimum use of all available resources and capacities , including the Structural Funds .	10	Determiner
It looks like The Lunar Transportation Systems , Inc. is visualizing a " space highway " going from the moon to Earth ( and back again ) .	25	Adverb
And he is a teacher . "	1	Pronoun
Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .	20	Particle
President Bush loves him .	3	Pronoun
3 ) also want an island where I can do fun activities , rainforest is a must	2	Adverb
The Archbishop is really very handsome , with his full cheeks , his long clear dark-green eyes , and the short strong beard .	9	Adjective
We hauled the horse to Windsor and got him treated there .	1	Verb
We thought you might like to know who your colleagues find interesting , so we 've provided a sampling of the suggestions below .	1	Verb
Women who have completed secondary or tertiary education are more likely to enter and remain in the labor market than their less educated counterparts .	5	Conjunction
However , if somebody looks seriously alarmed or is starting to panic , let them know that you were not being serious .	5	Adverb
Greek court has ruled that worshippers of the ancient Greek religion may now formally associate and worship at archeological sites .	6	Adposition
Now , we should aim to get in a few good compliments at dinner .	5	Particle
The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly and informative and answered any question I had .	11	Conjunction
Crossing between the genres of science fiction , horror , anime , fantasy and comics , the event sprawled throughout all corners of the facility .	4	Adposition
For my part , I feel that the negotiations were balanced and that they open the way for achieving a sustainable market .	17	Adposition
Please do not go there if it 's professional , friendly , diligent medical services you 're looking for .	10	Adjective
2 Start seed indoors four to six weeks before last frost .	5	Particle
Thank you very much .	1	Pronoun
If you carry out the Save As command after making changes to the object 's formatting , but before saving your changes , the current formatting – not the saved formatting – will be used to create the page .	2	Verb
This means that messages initiated at Corp and intended for the entire Enron organization will not reach any business units outside the Corp domain .	15	Particle
I flew around like mad to get ready , and before forty-eight hours I was crossing the Channel to show myself to my employers , and sign the contract .	3	Adposition
If anyone wants the complete article , email me , as it is a very good article which no meat - eater can read and not sense their own hypocrisy .	28	Adjective
We had a nice Thanksgiving here too .	3	Adjective
In 1519 , he became ruler of the Habsburg empire , and he gained the title Holy Roman Emperor in 1530 .	8	Proper Name
The square is the largest historical public square in the world after Tiananmen Square in Beijing and it is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .	3	Determiner
that cuts down on teh wait time , cus u can do other stuff while u r waiting .	8	Conjunction
What do you really know about George W. Bush ’s time in the Air National Guard ?	2	Pronoun
$ 59,339 - Amount the Bush campaign reimbursed Enron for 14 trips on its corporate jet during the 2000 campaign .	5	Proper Name
The Europeans do not need their current level of representation , and the positions and voices of middle - and lower - income countries should be strengthened .	7	Noun
The sheikh in wheel - chair has been attacked with a F - 16 - launched bomb .	2	Adposition
He was a common trader , from his youth up employed in these parts – nothing more .	13	Noun
It 's fine - just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm .	10	Determiner
I would appreciate the opportunity to visit with you on the 14th .	3	Determiner
But your cat is passing a LOT of urine , and this is bad .	0	Conjunction
Kristen Wilkins , curator of " Andy Warhol : Photographs and Prints from the University Collection " at the University of Southern Indiana , January 23 - March 9 2014 .	4	Adposition
I thought that since Chonawee has an optimization background , he would be good to have him go to dinner with Dr. Lasdon on Thrusday as well .	6	Determiner
" The ISO staff sat in a meeting with the governor 's key energy advisers with poker faces , not saying a word about something that was going on at the exact same moment , '' Maviglio said .	1	Determiner
If you prefer larger cupcakes , then add a half a cup but make sure the muffin pan is larger and the cupcake holders are bigger .	12	Conjunction
Quinoa is known as the little rice of Peru .	3	Adposition
When you move the field back to a row or column area , the custom group fields will appear again .	3	Determiner
can you please give me an update on where you are in the negotiations of the ISDA with the following counterparties and confirm which Enron entity you are negotiating on behalf of .	5	Determiner
The judge in Duffy 's fraud and breach of trust trial ultimately ruled they were within the Senate 's rules when he cleared Duffy of all charges .	26	Noun
I thought it appropriate to retable at second reading three of the 12 amendments rejected by the Council .	11	Determiner
KSM explained that Moussaoui 's inquiries about crop dusters may have been related to the anthrax work being done by US - trained biochemist and Al Qaeda operative , Malaysian Yazid Sufaat .	25	Proper Name
They are at the national average in grade 4 and better than national average in grade 8 .	10	Adjective
I did n't realize how much " stuff " you could pack into a one bedroom apartment .	16	Noun
The cashier was also short , unapologetic and made me feel as I was wasting her time .	8	Verb
As important , the new PUCT Commissioners need some help right now in messaging the market .	10	Adverb
“ It ’s not funny , ” Derya says .	2	Verb
Auster was somewhat reticent about it , but at last he conceded that he was working on a book of essays . The current piece was about Don Quixote .	7	Conjunction
We thought you might like to know who your colleagues find interesting , so we 've provided a sampling of the suggestions below .	13	Adverb
One of the finest Israeli writers , A B Yehoshua , speaks about this in an excellent book of interviews , Unease in zion , edited by Ehud ben Ezer .	1	Adposition
Kühn can only shake his head .	1	Verb
The apartment across from mine belonged to a gang of hookers .	2	Adposition
They also killed Shaikh Hamid 'Akkab , a clan elder of a branch of the Dulaim tribe in Tikrit .	8	Noun
Are workers allowed to keep religious objects on their desks ?	9	Noun
It will influence not only our economies but also , and above all , prospects for democracy world-wide .	3	Particle
They have a great lunch special with your choice of meat , chicken , steak , or pork and rice and black beans and fried plantains .	22	Noun
On most days he spent at least several hours in Riverside Park , walking methodically along the macadam footpaths or else thrashing through the bushes with a stick .	8	Noun
Inside the airport under the yellow light the passengers sat down again on exhausted-looking chairs , bundled deep in their heavy clothing .	13	Adjective
33 - Percentage of the $ 15 bn Bush pledged to fight Aids in Africa that must go to abstinence - only programmes .	17	Verb
The exception is the appearance of his name in the ' complaints bill ' of a law case before the Queen 's Bench court at Westminster dated Michaelmas Term 1588 and 9 October 1589 .	6	Determiner
I did an overnight in a home stay that was sweet and the water market was wonderful .	2	Determiner
You can change property settings for a group of controls of the same type or for a group of controls of different types .	21	Adjective
India 's Andaman and Nicobar Islands comprise more than 500 islands lying 1,000 kilometers east of Sri Lanka in the Bay of Bengal .	18	Adposition
My second favorite would have to be the Guinea Pig - not quite as social with people as rats ( at least mine was n't ) but more so than most hamsters or mice .	26	Conjunction
Shakespeare 's works include the 36 plays printed in the First Folio of 1623 , listed below according to their Folio classification as comedies , histories and tragedies .	26	Conjunction
John sails infrequently now .	3	Adverb
The study of volcanoes is called volcanology , sometimes spelled vulcanology .	0	Determiner
They are currently working on a bid ( due 1/31 ) for the Medusa project which involves Murphy ( operator ) , Agip and Callon in Mississippi Canyon Blocks # 538 and # 582 .	17	Proper Name
The authors say the results confirm the existence of inadequate iodine intake in the Australian population .	13	Determiner
Le Monde gloated over this reversal .	0	Determiner
The Chatham Islands consist of the main island , Chatham Island itself , with a population of 600 , smaller Pitt Island with about 40 inhabitants , and a number of rocky outcrops .	10	Proper Name
They had laid flag-stones under the walnut trees for the white wooden chairs and table , so that it would n't be too damp .	21	Verb
23 m - Number of Evangelicals who voted for Bush in 2000 .	6	Pronoun
I can tell you that the British Government is aware of its regulatory requirements on Objective 1 additionality .	4	Conjunction
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one .	2	Determiner
" Unfortunately once again the few ruin it for the many , " wrote Jesse LaBrocca , founder of Hack Forums , in a message explaining why the section was being closed .	20	Noun
I have never been anywhere out side my home town Charlotte north Carolina please help !!!!	10	Proper Name
We are also a group who is looking for members for our own select guild called ULGG of GW ... which is a part of the alliance with the same name .	26	Noun
Neither the facts nor the deformations , the insidious platitudes of the media ( tormenting because the underlying realities are so huge and so terrible ) , can be screened out .	7	Determiner
To accomplish this , Łódź has been capitalizing on its film history - Łódź is jokingly referred to as the " HollyŁódź " of Poland and hosts several film festivals and many other cultural events .	16	Verb
As 2005 progresses , the road ahead will become clearer .	4	Determiner
It was surrounded by trees that blocked it from view of the village below , meaning that they could practise Quidditch there , as long as they did n't fly too high .	30	Adverb
A little birdie told me that you were checking into tickets for Seoul .	12	Proper Name
Thus , the leaders in charge of Al Qaeda 's anthrax production program had a close connection to those imprisoned in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Center .	15	Adjective
According to the Pakistan reports , Aafia Siddiqui was detained after being spotted at Karachi International airport ( after she was followed to a relative 's house ) .	13	Adposition
Now , the mother then can go and reproduce , but what a terrible price to pay for the accumulation of this pollutant in these animals - the death of the first - born calf .	28	Noun
We hope that in time , we will have millions of articles with many of them having featured status .	2	Conjunction
The food is excellent , the serivce is horrible .	6	Noun
The paper taste of the wafer was still in my mouth and I took a deep breath of the leather .	15	Adjective
After the war , L'Enfant designed the badge of the Society of the Cincinnati , an organization of former officers of the Continental Army , shaped as an eagle , at the request of Washington .	34	Proper Name
Now and then a boat from the shore gave one a momentary contact with reality .	1	Conjunction
The Obama administration needs to make this case more directly and forcefully to Congress .	8	Adverb
This was an unhappy time in his life , during which he attempted suicide on a bridge over the Loire River .	14	Adposition
He - he .	2	Interjection
Harry , trying to say Shh ! and look comforting at the same time , ushered Dobby back onto the bed where he sat hiccoughing , looking like a large and very ugly doll .	30	Conjunction
An enhanced position signoff process will be implemented prior to end Q1 covering gross tonnage , spread positions and summarised analyses for brand and locations .	10	Noun
It is now only unclear , in which one .	3	Adverb
Service was average , but nothing special , and restaurants that are supposed to be excellent should do a better job of training their waitstaff to be communicative and friendly , not merely capable .	18	Determiner
This campaign season , there have been questions about whether George W. Bush fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s .	15	Noun
I did n't realize how much " stuff " you could pack into a one bedroom apartment .	1	Verb
For five years he had kept William Wilson 's identity a secret , and he was n't about to give it away now , least of all to an imbecile stranger .	11	Noun
Sara	0	Proper Name
The above rights may be exercised in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter devised .	11	Conjunction
In case of an earthquake , stay under a sturdy table and do n't go outside as possible debris will fall .	12	Verb
He wo nt do anything on command .	3	Verb
Thank you both very much for your time and help thus far .	10	Adverb
It is hard to find ... and the mexican food is bland , almost equivalent to eating out of a can .	13	Adverb
In Shakespeare 's late romances , he deliberately returned to a more artificial style , which emphasised the illusion of theatre .	10	Determiner
Widely considered to be one of the most spectacular waterfalls in the world , the Iguazu Falls on the border of Argentina and Brazil , are a certainly must see attraction in the area .	3	Verb
Mr Mason stayed just long enough to tell the Dursleys that his wife was mortally afraid of birds of all shapes and sizes , and to ask whether this was their idea of a joke .	12	Noun
I would like to have a meeting to go over the payment methodology .	1	Verb
We will have to study several indicators , which will enable us to see the current state of regional societies that are in a worse situation than others , and how they are evolving .	5	Adjective
Plus , this region ranks fifth in the nation in number of major cultural resources per one million residents .	6	Adposition
As it stands , while the services sector accounts for more than 70 % of employment in South Korea , its productivity - growth rate remains much lower than that of the manufacturing sector .	20	Determiner
On the other end of the sump , you would have a small return pump with a hose that puts the water back into your tank .	0	Adposition
Yes , there is a 100 year - old Israeli - Arab conflict , but it is not where the main show is .	2	Pronoun
But I am also happy to not go , as long as someone collects more animals on my behalf !	1	Pronoun
It was the middle of the afternoon , in the heat , in Africa ;	0	Pronoun
Those glowing Mountain Dew videos with peroxide and baking soda are all hoaxes .	8	Verb
Spain had expelled its Sephardic population in 1492 ; many of these Spanish Jews left Spain for Portugal but eventually were targeted there as well .	10	Adposition
During the Nazi occupation , Łódź was incorporated directly into the Third Reich .	7	Verb
It is important to note that there is also a departure tax of CUC 25 , to be paid in cash when departing Cuba by airplane ; this is not required for boat departures .	11	Noun
Also NASA has a large outreach program for education , some people believe this is important .	8	Noun
I have to scrub the floor 2 - 3 times a week now .	3	Verb
Both the Irving Independent School District and the Irving Police Department have asserted that the boy 's religion and name were not a factor in the manner in which they approached the situation .	5	Proper Name
He is very conscious that money and fame can not buy virility and manliness .	3	Adjective
It is situated in Yorkshire , North Yorkshire , England with some of the best preserved historical buildings and structures in Europe .	3	Adposition
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy this message or disclose its contents to anyone .	24	Verb
All the guys at work are saying I should n't bother having it fixed I should just buy a new one .	19	Adjective
The agreement was that Gorbachev agreed to a quite remarkable concession : he agreed to let a united Germany join the NATO military alliance .	1	Noun
There are limited resources for public health and we must see to it that they are exploited effectively .	6	Noun
Some of Shakespeare 's plays were published in quarto editions from 1594 .	2	Proper Name
Abdel Rahman 's son was captured in Quetta , Pakistan in mid-February 2003 .	10	Adposition
Like The Two Gentlemen of Verona , in which two friends appear to approve of rape , the Shrew 's story of the taming of a woman 's independent spirit by a man sometimes troubles modern critics and directors .	26	Noun
How about skidoo skis for the front and tracks for the back ..	3	Noun
A sudden rain storm on Sunday night ( March 4 ) caused a mass exodus of people to head for the station prompting lines that backed up into the street .	19	Adposition
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 Fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 Email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	8	Noun
This makes everyone ’s ride on the elevator longer , if only for a few seconds .	14	Adjective
So they are 3 times larger than us and they have all the oil in the world .	10	Verb
In the early 17 th century , Shakespeare wrote the so-called " problem plays " Measure for Measure , Troilus and Cressida , and All 's Well That Ends Well and a number of his best known tragedies .	12	Noun
Is there an article to be included in an Enron publication and in addition a letter to be sent under John 's name ( if so , to whom will the letter be sent ) ?	14	Determiner
Their minds are of the stay-at-home order , and their home is always with them – the ship ; and so is their country – the sea .	0	Pronoun
No , but I do believe some Koreans reside in the country of HA - ha !	13	Proper Name
However , having driven with you on several occasions I feel confident you will be able to pass the test with flying colors .	12	Pronoun
The staff do occasionally get game info correct , but if you r looking fot a good game and are n't a nerd , do nt ask them .	25	Particle
China 's economy is exploding , hampered only by their great thirst for petroleum and natural gas to fuel their industry .	1	Particle
Yazid Sufaat provided Moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for Infocus Technologies and allegedly provided him $ 35,000 .	13	Noun
These works were written under the name of William Wilson , and he produced them at the rate of about one a year , which brought in enough money for him to live modestly in a small New York apartment .	18	Adposition
Venetia had had a first in Greek , herself , only a year ago , and could laugh over the mistakes .	13	Adposition
He is already demanding claims that Israel said no to not only the world , but to Arafat himself .	8	Interjection
But I ca n't give him too many shocks at once , and I say , " She has not had a Jewish upbringing . "	9	Adverb
There should be sufficient flexibility to enable this factor to be integrated in product design whilst taking account of technical , functional and economic considerations .	0	Adverb
Since fort lee is situated in such a convenient area for those commuting to and from the city , there is often high traffic and congestion on the roads .	6	Pronoun
The canopy must be steered away from power lines and similar obstructions ;	5	Adverb
By completing this maglev line , I think the government is expecting bigger economical development in Japan .	14	Noun
You should be fine with just a passport , unless you 're staying longer than six months .	16	Noun
Then , the next morning , when we , among many other irate guests , asked to speak to the owner , he refused to do so .	6	Adverb
Articles in peer-reviewed academic journals including Social Science & Medicine have characterized homeopathy as a form of quackery .	5	Verb
The seeker has to find the snitch blindfolded , relying only on the coach 's instructions , while the game is still on .	6	Noun
A resubstantiation of the full Q1 DPR will be completed by the Risk control staff reconciling the full trial balances between Q1 open and Q1 close	8	Verb
But from the way the light was coming through the windows , it seemed to be almost noon .	0	Conjunction
The ship is designed thematically , with imposing animated cartoon characters .	1	Noun
HTML , while well suited for providing text and image display information for Web browsers , is limited in its ability to define data and data structures .	19	Pronoun
Our strength is in our unity and harmony .	2	Verb
Harry waited for a minute in case he came back , then , quietly as he could , slipped out of the cabinet , past the glass cases , and out of the shop door .	1	Verb
And indeed nothing is easier for a man who has , as the phrase goes , followed the sea with reverence and affection , than to evoke the great spirit of the past upon the lower reaches of the Thames .	12	Determiner
An effective way to roll out such support to a large number of companies would be to combine it with credit lines provided by commercial banks .	2	Noun
In February of 2005 , Iran and Syria agreed upon a mutual protection pact to combat " challenges and threats " in the region .	14	Particle
Some of the world 's most rare and endangered birds , plants and insects .	11	Noun
We had a larger black population in the 70s than we have now but they did not have any power until Willie Brown was elected .	19	Noun
The money funds their travel , explosives , hideouts and permanent search for soft vulnerable targets .	8	Noun
The reason for it is because people were fighting for our land , either defending it or extending it , because that was the main source .	13	Conjunction
Not all were pleased with the final choice of locations .	4	Adposition
Mishima espoused a very individual brand of nationalism towards the end of his life .	4	Adjective
Following a job advertisement found by his sister in The Scotsman , he worked for a year and a half as a staff journalist on the Nottingham Journal .	3	Noun
They had once been white , he remembered , but now they had turned a curious shade of yellow .	9	Conjunction
Cervantes hiring Don Quixote to decipher the story of Don Quixote himself .	6	Determiner
Then hand luggage is opened .	3	Verb
Exhausted , stomach rumbling , mind spinning over the same unanswerable questions , Harry fell into an uneasy sleep .	15	Adposition
Later , when Augustus founded the Roman Empire , the Romans referred to the Mediterranean as Mare Nostrum ( " Our Sea " ) .	14	Proper Name
5 Masjed-e Jāmé of Isfahan , north of Naqsh-e Jahan Square in the old quarter .	14	Noun
This is the ARES group that handles returned samples ( Moon Rocks , Genesis chips , Meteorites , and Interplanetary Dust Particles collected by U2 in the stratosphere ) .	7	Verb
This will put new limits on the nature of the environmental changes that overtook the Earth and sent so many species - not just the dinosaurs - into oblivion .	14	Determiner
More than two billion people around the world live in areas prone to iodine deficiency , and yet the problem is easily fixed .	12	Adposition
By the end of 2005 , you 'll feel more confident , more determined , and far more capable of making the mountains come to you !	3	Adposition
Anyone who doubts that should review a recent letter orchestrated by the Bretton Woods Committee , addressed to Congressional leaders on behalf of an impressive array of former Republican and Democratic cabinet secretaries .	3	Pronoun
We had relatively good facilities at the time -- decent science labs , with multiple hoods and access to good equipment ; nice gymnasiums , and a well - funded music department ( I was in the guitar ensemble ) .	22	Adjective
Supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening , but I 'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal .	2	Verb
I rang SRD PAT testing and within 3 hours Scot had come to my premises and PAT tested all my our Spill The Whisky barn dance band equipment , and supplied a certificate for only 70 p per unit .	14	Noun
But sometimes , of course , when Z happens after X it is because of X .	7	Noun
The transaction is F.O.B. Reserve Marine Terminal in Chicago , Ill Metro Area .	5	Proper Name
The surprise is that we are surprised .	5	Verb
Estimates suggest 8000 migrants may be currently at sea in the region .	3	Noun
It was formed to allow many different guilds who were all strictly honorable to come together as a family and allow them many people to game with .	8	Pronoun
You can :	1	Verb
To figure out when the last frost will be , consult an almanac or talk with other gardeners in your area .	13	Conjunction
I understand third party candidates have no success .	6	Determiner
We intend to see as many people as possible regarding EOL implementation .	7	Conjunction
This trickle grew into a flood , resulting in 14 wolves being reintroduced in Yellowstone in 1995 by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service -- albeit over the strong and still - continuing objections of ranchers .	19	Proper Name
I do n't see Bush doing any of this .	2	Particle
Talk to your academic adviser , see what they recommend .	7	Pronoun
Nor shall a heavier penalty be imposed than the one that was applicable at the time the penal offence was committed .	4	Noun
News of police response to a boy 's digital clock in Texas last week has inspired a global social movement in support of the youth .	10	Adposition
What about the adage , “ Those who forget history are doomed to repeat it ” ?	3	Noun
Let me begin by saying that I do not intend to talk about my own report .	2	Verb
Unfortunately , I 've given it a couple of tries at different times and decided to stop going .	17	Masdar
Sign - up lists will be available at the services on Feb. 27 and March 6 , or you can email me .	10	Adposition
It is precisely when engines are claimed to be environment-friendly because they consume less fuel that we can not make any exceptions .	6	Participle
I am not such a fool as I look , quoth Plato to his disciples , he said sententiously , emptied his glass with great resolution , and we rose .	28	Pronoun
London is a deliteful city to visit and easy to get around .	5	Particle
The bronze medal is given to people who " risk their lives to an extraordinary degree while saving or attempting to save the lives of others . "	4	Verb
And , she granted , “ you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different — we can do better — and where she has expressed regret . ”	23	Pronoun
The second night I dreamed that I was on a desert island and Sonia , our golden retriever , was with me .	12	Conjunction
The Passcode to participate is : 5107	4	Verb
A joint of roast pork was sizzling in the oven .	4	Noun
The European Union is not a military organization .	1	Adjective
Mr President , we should not forget that the main , strategic objective of the Structural and Cohesion Funds and of their coordination is to achieve economic and social cohesion .	22	Noun
Dobby leaned towards Harry , his eyes wide as headlamps .	0	Proper Name
On Tuesday , the New Zealand government announced the start of a public process to suggest designs for a new national flag , and determine whether their citizens would prefer a different national flag over the current one .	16	Noun
Since then we have decided to have them manage our other investment properties as well as we getting older and can no longer perform all the inquires .	26	Noun
As he walked up Riverside Drive , he became aware of the fact that he was no longer following Stillman .	10	Adposition
the Pole who had danced the gazatska became the man with whom he gravitated to a quiet corner so that they could talk about the curious grammar-structure of Gala and the Lambala group of languages .	25	Adjective
Perhaps you are willing to recommend this site and , if you have a website , place a link on your website .	12	Verb
I 'm studying to be a teacher , so I know that there will definitely be jobs out there when I 'm done .	15	Verb
I finally alerted him to his rudeness .	6	Noun
The moment the door had closed , Mr Borgin dropped his oily manner .	5	Verb
I assume his actual reason is that he 's worried that Berkshire Hathaway just ca n't grow quickly enough to justify his usual charity policy .	0	Pronoun
That band is involved in a local competition which promises a $ 5000 first prize , which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started .	19	Verb
You could tell those fuckers where to get off .	8	Adverb
The down side was that sometimes there was a lot of noise in the hallway from other patients / doctors .	12	Adposition
In the second case , the M5S party asks to the regional government to assure the local administrations of the region regularly apply the sentence of the Supreme Court .	26	Determiner
I launched LibriVox , emailed some friends and some podcasters who where doing literary stuff , and invited them to record a chapter of Joseph Conrad 's Secret Agent .	23	Adposition
I flung out of his hut ( he lived all alone in a clay hut with a sort of veranda ) muttering to myself my opinion of him .	24	Pronoun
You can specify the start and end values for the grouping range .	4	Noun
He must just as well have asked for Chief Sitting Bull – the effect would have been no different .	2	Adverb
It established him as an author of note ( even if the surface owes a debt to Walter Scott ) and provided him with a name outside his past pseudonyms .	11	Determiner
Rumsfeld initially rejected an attack on al - Qaeda bases in Afghanistan , saying there were " no good targets " in Afghanistan .	17	Determiner
( Harrison ) Kyle Jones Technical Solutions Engineer	6	Noun
Plus they will overcharge you for just about everything , and smile while doing it .	3	Verb
A package and some wedding cards were left in our first room .	10	Adjective
It is now up to government agencies to facilitate its development .	0	Pronoun
I may try to run out and take the test this afternoon while I get moved to 30 ( I better not fail it ) .	2	Verb
A bit of a knee - jerk reaction from me there , and I apologize for my over-generalizations .	0	Determiner
This , as well as the deficiencies in the networks of infrastructures and services and a generally very low level of employment , which furthermore is seasonal and lacks diversity , exacerbates the exodus from rural areas .	33	Noun
We plan to use the same basic form for the Enron guaranty that will be made in favor of EPMI with respect to the seller 's obligations under the PPA .	21	Noun
I am actually really looking forward to it .	0	Pronoun
US troops there clashed with guerrillas in a fight that left one Iraqi dead .	12	Proper Name
Use Travelocity or Expedia and see what you come up with .	4	Conjunction
Technically , blackberry was because it was the first with real email and games and stuff .	7	Determiner
As such , instead of accepting that the world behaves randomly and at times totally averse to one 's preferences , the arrogant person seeks to control everything and everyone , which of course , is an impossible mission .	35	Verb
The current complaints allege that HANO has not provided qualified former St. Thomas residents a preference with respect to available public housing units at River Garden per the 2003 agreement .	23	Adposition
Also the language is important in writing and in literature .	6	Verb
And the salsa , be sure to ask for a jar and have plenty of chips around , you will need them .....	16	Adverb
Elena 's title is admin coordinator , and I know that Sara should not have this title , and honestly do not think that Elena should also .	23	Conjunction
It is a bustling place where separate parties are seated at the same table ( as in many European cafes ) , but if you are OK with that , the food is very good .	13	Noun
He worked on it right on the back of my car .	8	Adposition
Nothing like Dubai , and never will be !	0	Pronoun
After a couple of weeks I got tired of them .	0	Adposition
I plan on taking a couple of graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this level .	23	Determiner
Kids put rocks , candy , and bugs in these .	0	Noun
They do n’t carry futures .	1	Verb
Well , not much I can say except I 'm very disappointed with this experience .	10	Adverb
I hope they will be rejected because they are really the epitome of what Parliament is not able to do .	19	Verb
This was simple prudence , white men being so much alike at a distance that he could not tell who I might be .	5	Adjective
In the case of the anthrax used in the mailings , there was an electrostatic charge .	13	Determiner
Photographs from a seized computer disc included the controls and the locks on the door between the passengers and pilot .	10	Determiner
I needed wisdom teeth taken out .	3	Noun
Auster 's apartment was on the eleventh floor , and Quinn rang the buzzer , expecting to hear a voice speak to him through the intercom .	7	Noun
Yazid Sufaat provided Moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for Infocus Technologies and allegedly provided him $ 35,000 .	6	Noun
As soon as they leave they are forgotten .	1	Adverb
He reshaped each plot to create several centres of interest and to show as many sides of a narrative to the audience as possible .	21	Noun
Even though I live pretty far from her office I still make the trip so my daughters will have the BEST !	9	Pronoun
Consider basing some of your words from other words you have invented .	0	Verb
I have my paralegal gathering the pleadings Enron requested .	2	Pronoun
Happened on to this place while out of town on business , and it was great !	1	Adposition
The family suite was basically two rooms with a small opening between them which worked great for us because we were two families traveling together .	4	Adverb
Place your hands one on top of the other in your lap , keep your back straight , eyes closed and tongue on the roof of your mouth .	18	Noun
And they would not have to land on the moon to take us down a notch . "	13	Adverb
like a little container .	2	Adjective
Therefore , any trade mark registration that incorporates the word ONLINE as a suffix in the way that you use it will not enable its owner to prevent others from using the word ONLINE .	6	Pronoun
This situation may reflect organisational rather than structural situations and an effort to balance it is currently under way .	14	Pronoun
If you select to save the schema as XSD , the file is saved as .xsd .	6	Noun
I have used these guys for new snows , fixing lots of flats , used replacement tires , and oil changes .	10	Noun
As far as the EEI goes , the only remaining issue that I 'm aware of ( aside from finalizing the LOC ) is whether we 've finished coordinating the Attachment containing the list of prior transactions .	17	Adverb
Auster saw the yoyo in his hands and said , I see you 've already met .	2	Determiner
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	34	Verb
The only neurological sign that he shows is that he barely drags his toes and sometimes has trouble with his right lead .	11	Verb
Heh , yep , I like to wear silk chemises , panties even stockings with garter belt .	7	Verb
because all of the food blogs I ve read say so and I will travel from maryland if that s true	17	Conjunction
The coffee taste BURNT and very bitter .	4	Conjunction
One reader pointed out that the President watched the Americans in the embassy when they took them hostage .	1	Noun
I will be calling my vet and chiro about him .	7	Noun
Great name for a great store !	5	Noun
Volatility of USD / DM has been in the range of between 7 % and 11 % .	12	Numeral
i was too tired to give you any action .	8	Noun
While we anticipate many new Analysts joining Enron this summer ( late May ) and fulltime ( August ) we felt it necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an Off - Cycle Recruiting event .	20	Verb
And the murderer , speaking to one of the geniuses of the nineteenth century , answers , " Because you are so simple that one can not help feeling sorry for you . "	8	Determiner
I drafted the Into TVA Option as a series of calls tied to the MOPA delivery term and quantity - not sure if this anything close to what you all had in mind .	18	Noun
I bought a beginner s quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts .	6	Noun
I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the backside with that one .	2	Determiner
The labor - participation rate for women with post - secondary education is 64 % , far exceeding the 35 % rate for those with only a primary or middle - school education .	23	Pronoun
From the left column menu , click Security .	7	Noun
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	21	Verb
Against all his expectations , it was a book he himself had written – Suicide Squeeze by William Wilson , the first of the Max Work novels .	1	Determiner
He 's dropping weight , but most of that came from being at the trainer s and being ridden hard for 60 days .	9	Verb
When I got to the job and tried to insert the new piece of metal IT WOULD NOT FIT !!	18	Verb
He was , he said , ' very , very uneasy . '	1	Verb
Please respond to < ekrapels@esaibos.com >	1	Verb
" Wei has given some virtuoso performances with brush and ink , often incorporating several different techniques into a single work , " said Gordon S. Barrass , curator of the exhibition .	12	Adverb
The games will have to take place on Fri , Sat , or Sun .	5	Verb
The latter also spread Islam to the coastal belt , but most Bantu never had contact with Islam and remained African Traditional Religion adherents .	8	Noun
In addition , he strengthened defenses between Egypt and Asia , building the Walls of the Ruler in the East Delta region .	20	Proper Name
I appreciate the quick , good service and the reasonable prices and will definitely use American Pride Irrigation & Landscaping again .	6	Noun
Over nine dozen temples that had served the Hindu population have been destroyed , with some used as building material and others as urinals .	16	Verb
I have price targets of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE and will use calls to implement the stategy .	11	Adposition
Mosques are calling for donating blood , food , and medicine for Fallujah , and several convoys have already headed out for Fallujah , most of them returned later though .	5	Noun
Per our conversation a few minutes ago , attached please find the revised Stipulation .	8	Verb
The owner was VERY rude , accused me of not reading my contract , and basically told me to shut up when I was trying to ask questions to further understand the process of canceling my membership .	15	Adverb
I want to present to you a suite of six mycological solutions , using fungi , and these solutions are based on mycelium .	1	Verb
In Saintsbury 's view , " They are curiously , interestingly , almost enthrallingly bad .	6	Pronoun
In a statement issued June 16 , 2004 , the 9/11 Commission Staff concluded that " Al Qaeda had an ambitious biological weapons program and was making advances in its ability to produce anthrax prior to September 11 .	4	Proper Name
It was a tournament that I wish we 'd actually gone back to more often .	12	Adposition
According to a report issued by the Center for Strategic and International Studies in December of 2004 , Iran " has some 540,000 men under arms and over 350,000 reserves .	24	Adposition
It 's never ok to let a customer walk out unhappy , especially when they are right .	10	Adjective
Like The Two Gentlemen of Verona , in which two friends appear to approve of rape , the Shrew 's story of the taming of a woman 's independent spirit by a man sometimes troubles modern critics and directors .	12	Particle
Then the war might stop & all those juicy profits would just evaporate .	8	Adjective
Hopefully , if we 're still dating come December , you and Chuck can meet him when you come back to visit .	5	Adverb
I 'm watching for some good vacation days , also ...	3	Adposition
Hill at the Lesser-known candidates forum in 2011	4	Noun
Afraid I do n't have time today to discuss these , but some stories need attention :	9	Pronoun
The so called ' Tanker ' wars in the late 1980s put Iran squarely in the bullseye of all nations seeking to transport oil out of the region .	26	Determiner
I left my number , or tried to anyway .	1	Verb
The Worst Chinese I 've Ever Had	5	Adverb
Things with me are great .	4	Adjective
Oh , and salad cream , not mayonnaise , on the coleslaw .	7	Noun
I came upon more pieces of decaying machinery , a stack of rusty rails .	0	Pronoun
To be sure , both Lopez & Perez were conversos -- but they were thought of in England as being , as they undoubtedly were , at least ethnically , Jews . >>	30	Proper Name
The primary science goal of the mission was to collect a sample from a known primitive solar-system body , a comet called Wild 2 ( pronounced " Vilt-two " — the discoverer was German , I believe ) .	16	Noun
Email : Roving Mouse < s...@tack.net >	3	Proper Name
Stillman never seemed to be going anywhere in particular , nor did he seem to know where he was .	13	Verb
Moreover there are now major covert attempts under way to try and bring back to Kabul leading Taliban commanders , who have been living quietly in Pakistan and have taken no part in the Taliban insurgency .	1	Pronoun
I 'll see you there !	1	Verb
Pretending he had n't noticed this , Harry sat down and took the toast Mrs Weasley offered him .	16	Verb
A minute or two is great for breaking the ice , but much more can get boring fast .	5	Adjective
The game is already 100 % functional .	1	Noun
It would be , he said , without taking notice of my irritation , ' interesting for science to watch the mental changes of individuals , on the spot , but ...	8	Participle
Nothing contained herein should be considered as an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any financial instruments discussed herein .	22	Verb
He realized that it was large , perhaps five or six rooms , and that it was richly furnished , with numerous art objects , silver ashtrays , and elaborately framed paintings on the walls .	8	Numeral
" Will they print it ? " she asked .	3	Verb
Like The Two Gentlemen of Verona , in which two friends appear to approve of rape , the Shrew 's story of the taming of a woman 's independent spirit by a man sometimes troubles modern critics and directors .	29	Noun
Place the roots in the holes and place soil around the stems .	0	Verb
Their minds are of the stay-at-home order , and their home is always with them – the ship ; and so is their country – the sea .	3	Adposition
It has long been known Osama Bin Laden was interested in using cropdusters to disperse biological agents ( since the testimony of millennium bomber Ahmed Ressam ) .	18	Adposition
Of the total 56 projects , 41 originate at the competent authorities of Member States , while 15 are an initiative of the Commission / OLAF .	3	Numeral
Pewter is perfect for what you are doing , and it melts on a stove top .	13	Determiner
We were in Springfield , IL for a family funeral from Kansas City .	0	Pronoun
She died from infection caused by severe eczema after they shunned effective conventional medical treatments for homeopathy , a form of alternative medicine that has been described as pseudoscience .	4	Verb
Call to discuss the response to the Trustee 's settlement offer .	3	Determiner
“ More people are turning to credit … While this borrowing might be manageable now , a sudden change in circumstances could lead to debt problems . ”	3	Verb
Theoretically , a couple could open four Tesco accounts and earn 3 % on £ 12,000 – £ 360 .	4	Verb
On board the Freewinds , Paris claims that she was working from 6:00am to midnight and due to lack of sleep ended up being a walking zombie .	23	Masdar
The beers were good , nice choice of beers as well , and as usual the mussels were great , the place upstairs is a nice addition to the bar downstairs .	30	Adverb
Dudley , who was so large his bottom drooped over either side of the kitchen chair , grinned and turned to Harry .	13	Determiner
Seeing the nature and wild life that if you keep quiet you can get up close and personal .	10	Adjective
The landlord is not nice nor helpful	1	Noun
Companies may try to set up a firewall between sensitive systems and foreign powers , but it does not always work .	17	Verb
Unfortunately , it seems that Europe will understand it only after suicide murders arrive in Europe in a big way .	2	Pronoun
If you are on the lookout for a pure breed pup do n't forget to check out the shelters !	7	Determiner
Some schools may have students wear the same thing and others may just require any type of leotard and tights and sometimes ballet skirts .	3	Verb
Access provides choices for using data from many external sources .	8	Adjective
you can view at dresscod.com	3	Adposition
Name streets East of Main are cities east of the Mississippi River , vice versa for name streets west of Main .	3	Adposition
Owing to its history , Łódź has an impressive collection of residential , commercial and industrial 19th-century architecture including some of Europe 's largest factory buildings , now mostly repurposed as shopping centres or lofts .	28	Adverb
28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2003 , the second - longest vacation of any president in US history .	20	Adposition
If someone asks you why you pushed all the buttons , you can honestly say , " It was just a joke ! "	12	Verb
I thought the UK was completely devoid of good NYC style pizza .	2	Determiner
The price spikes pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need and want an easy way out .	16	Verb
We piled enormous amounts of pollution into the air and into the water .	4	Adposition
They had been drinking at a pub called the Midnight - the centre of the heavy metal scene in Milan - and they never came home .	17	Noun
We all know what happened , but even to this day , there are many different versions and opinions on how it happened and what effect Chernobyl will have on the health of people affected by the fallout .	19	Adposition
Remain calm and confident , and love is very likely to flourish in 2005 .	1	Adjective
Zawahiri , Al Qaeda 's # 2 , is head of Al Qaeda 's biochemical program .	3	Proper Name
If such a decision is taken before the date of accession , the decision will only come into effect upon the date of accession .	7	Determiner
I left a voicemail for Sharon Butcher , as well , just to make sure it is handled .	3	Noun
In 1891 she met her future advisor who would help , she assumed , this poet-turned-fiction-writer and connect her with editors : Tosui Nakarai .	7	Pronoun
Beyond the naval threat is the possibility of Iran throwing its military muscle into the ongoing struggle in Iraq .	18	Proper Name
It incorporates Mr. Stojic 's and Mr. Kelly 's initial comments .	4	Particle
We are still trying to work the PSE swap transaction , now that the forex desk has been able to find a fix for CPI in the market .	3	Masdar
They wanted to brainwash them and control them . ''	5	Conjunction
I ventured to hint that the Company was run for profit .	1	Verb
I got dressed , but my page was quicker than I was and ran out of the chamber to see what was what .	6	Noun
Would you come with your parents or separately ?	1	Pronoun
Although Musharraf did turn against the Taliban after September 11 , under extreme duress from the US , elements of his military continued to support radical Islamism and have recently been implicated in assassination attempts on Musharraf himself .	22	Verb
We do not want to make the conditions of competition worse for some countries unilaterally and improve them for countries such as Austria or other transit countries .	1	Verb
A study of Hogwarts prefects and their later careers , Ron read aloud off the back cover .	13	Adposition
There was a change made in the coding for the delta position and this has somehow messed up the liq value .	6	Determiner
Meanwhile , a decision 's been reached in the trial of Toledo priest Gerald Robinson .	14	Proper Name
What I know is that I have a close friend who's aunt disappeared in New Orleans .	3	Verb
We shall proceed to vote on the PPE - DE Group 's request that the oral question regarding the capital tax be withdrawn from the agenda .	17	Verb
We 're in the process of developing a strategy to take us through the next few months .	4	Noun
From there , you can look up at the islands La Désirade , Petite Terre , Marie Galante , Les Saintes , La Dominique but also have a perfect view of the islands Grande Terre and far away Basse Terre .	17	Proper Name
What she ’s saying and what she ’s doing , it — actually , it ’s unbelievable .	4	Conjunction
92 - Percentage of Iraq 's urban areas with access to potable water in late 2002 .	11	Adjective
Our community is full of volunteers from all over the world .	9	Determiner
It only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa .	5	Verb
I – I mean , he faltered as sparks flew from Mrs Weasley 's eyes , that – that was very wrong , boys – very wrong indeed	10	Adposition
He needs a shower , and he picks his nose all the time .	11	Determiner
28 - Number of vacation days Bush took in August 2003 , the second - longest vacation of any president in US history .	8	Adposition
In the foreground , facing the magazine rack , a young student stood with an open magazine in his hands , staring at a picture of a naked woman .	24	Noun
On the other hand , there are already machines that can replace our memory .	3	Noun
By flooding himself with externals , by drowning himself out of himself , he had managed to exert some small degree of control over his fits of despair .	7	Participle
They grabbed what they could get for the sake of what was to be got .	2	Pronoun
MK	0	Proper Name
Getting the Spanish out of Iraq is n't nearly as good a rallying cry for al - Qaeda in the Arab world as getting the Americans and British out .	18	Adposition
You are going to need a few thousand dollars saved up for flights , insurance , food , accommodation & spending money .	18	Noun
Mrs Weasley had appeared , holding a long poker like a sword .	2	Verb
but his wife was talking to Jo-Ann Pettigrew , who offered blobs of toasted marshmallow on the end of a long fork .	6	Proper Name
The area is famous for its World War II wreck diving , and the site has been named in many lists of top dive spots in the world .	0	Determiner
He estimated that there should be around 45 particles , but this number is very uncertain — I would n't be surprised if it is quite different from that .	19	Particle
Bob Bowen	0	Proper Name
Musk , which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive , makes the scent of perfume last a bit longer after each application .	7	Noun
they recovered the pics geeksquad deleted .	4	Proper Name
35 - Number of countries to which the United States suspended military assistance after they failed to sign agreements giving Americans immunity from prosecution before the International Criminal Court .	2	Noun
American citizens have for decades taken it as a given that our military can overwhelm and overcome any foe on the battlefield .	5	Verb
It took my tired head a long time to sort that out .	1	Verb
The Pew report coincided with the release in Iceland of the " Arctic Climate Impact Assessment . "	2	Noun
The program takes a decentralized approach to Warhol 's photography collection and encourages university art galleries to regularly disseminate and educate audiences about Warhol 's artistic vision , especially in the area of photography .	4	Verb
There s [ sic ] something in the hilarious anarchy of the net that produces these ' events ' every now and again . "	5	Noun
Even if you can figure out what is wrong with this poor poneh , there is always the chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again in the future .	19	Adposition
Dengue fever is a leading cause of illness and death in the tropics and subtropics , with as many as 100 million people infected each year .	9	Noun
I was saddened to see the reviews that claimed World Hats Mart has poor service .	13	Adjective
I am following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for Pemex that you provided to Lucy Ortiz .	20	Adposition
hi mark -	0	Interjection
He was replaced around the turn of the 16 th century by Robert Armin , who played roles such as Touchstone in As You Like It and the fool in King Lear .	17	Noun
I searched all over the internet , but I could not find one place in Tampa Bay that sells morcillas , also known as blood pudding , black pudding and blood sausages .	13	Noun
This year a newspaper claimed two UK firms were involved in a deal in which thousands of guns for Iraqi forces were re-routed to al - Qaeda .	16	Adposition
Basil does not tolerate frost so do n't plant too early .	9	Adverb
To this end , I would like to remind you of the resolution of 15 September , which recommended that the proposal be presented as soon as possible .	23	Participle
104 - Number of Bush administration public statements on National security and defense in the same period that mentioned Iraq or Saddam Hussein .	6	Adjective
( it 's all outdoors and the pictures are only a fourth of the real Everland ! )	6	Determiner
Sometime in this period , Nida became a founding charter member of Wycliffe Bible Translators , a related organization to the Summer Institute of Linguistics .	10	Noun
The Commission said it had no legal grounds for such an exclusion .	4	Verb
- The programme has improved awareness of the Community dimension of the euro and has also developed a greater understanding amongst the participants of the related laws and instruments and in particular of the relevant Community and broader European law .	16	Participle
Madam President , there has clearly been a misunderstanding .	5	Adverb
i have tried dipping both live and thawed pinkies in tuna juice , and in used gerbil bedding .	10	Noun
It is crucial to stop Saudi and other financial support of the outer circle , which is the fertile breeding ground of terror .	18	Adjective
He had a uniform jacket with one button off , and seeing a white man on the path , hoisted his weapon to his shoulder with alacrity .	23	Pronoun
Parliament has demonstrated its great interest in this area on a number of occasions .	1	Verb
In other words , the unpredictability of historical events like those in Ukraine has to do with an element of uncertainty in human identity .	14	Particle
It is forty-eight meters high and there are seven floors , each accessible by a difficult spiral staircase .	12	Adjective
I really enjoyed reading it .	2	Verb
There he rented rooms from a French Huguenot named Christopher Mountjoy , a maker of ladies ' wigs and other headgear .	6	Proper Name
It also is likely people have released some of these animals into the wild hoping they would survive -- for instance , a ranger in Glacier Park caught someone in this very act not long ago .	15	Pronoun
The vet said it was gastroenteritis and gave him fluids under his skin , an injection of nausea medication along with some take home antibiotics .	15	Noun
You 'll have to drive 10 miles down 75 to Allen .	5	Numeral
When annoying people on an elevator , keep your pranks lighthearted and fun as opposed to mean-spirited so that everyone leaving the elevator will have a pleasant story to tell .	26	Adjective
Aner Shalev is an Israeli mathematician and writer born in 1958 in Kibbutz Kinneret , Tiberias .	6	Conjunction
If you 're looking for homestyle Japanese food , you ca n't beat this	11	Particle
When the ship passed Stromboli at night , there was a streak of crimson lava flowing from the volcano and the sailors would n't leave the television set to look at this natural phenomenon .	15	Noun
The SQL Server must be running on the same computer as the Access project .	3	Verb
Members of the Sea Org live a strict lifestyle – with little income , small diet provided and significant time invested in work per day .	24	Noun
He then rose and wrote for many hours , fueled by innumerable cups of black coffee .	12	Noun
Nor is it Kosovo , which became independent at the same time that its governmental structures were being forged .	13	Determiner
After all , I also was a part of the great cause of these high and just proceedings .	16	Adjective
My kid is making wonderful grades and has reassured me she will graduate within the four year period .	1	Noun
Some reporters ( you know , the ones with journalistic ethics ) have actually uncovered the truth about George Bush 's service in the Texas Air National Guard .	22	Adposition
Medicine was also studied , especially in southern Italy , where Islamic medicine influenced the school at Salerno .	17	Proper Name
A voucher is generated that can be saved on your smartphone , or presented at the till .	5	Verb
Well , he launched today .	2	Pronoun
On the other side of the flag there was a chart of the manual alphabet – LEARN TO SPEAK TO YOUR FRIENDS – that showed the hand positions for each of the twenty-six letters .	19	Adposition
‘’ Pakistan now has a large force deployed in Baluchistan which was not there before , ’’ says Lt. General David Barno .	9	Proper Name
It closed on Sunday ...	3	Proper Name
The receptionist of " Hand made " , the former film making company of George Harrison said : " we do n't have any relation with that man anymore and we do n't want to know anything about him " .	12	Noun
" This is a disaster for pain patients , " Mailis said in an interview Thursday with CBC News .	13	Determiner
This makes your first language a proto-language — a language that branches off into a family of languages .	8	Determiner
There were 2 in our group , and a 3rd person was also in the parking lot waiting for this class .	11	Verb
The Canadian investigator of the plane crash Larry Vance told SPIEGEL that he is convinced that one of the pilots had intended to land the machine on the ocean surface - so that it would sink .	2	Noun
Then human feelings , human experience , the human form and face , recover their proper place the foreground .	11	Noun
Significantly , the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago ( now retired ) , upon being contacted , does not even report that he necessarily sent the only copy of the strain to Ft. Detrick .	11	Adverb
From the later 1800s to the 1920s Mérida enjoyed prosperous boom times fueled by the henequen or sisal plant harvest , which made Yucatán the rope maker to the world .	6	Noun
Orders and / or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and / or instructions .	22	Adposition
This is a busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant , which also must be wonderful - so just ask for what you need , and I 'm sure they will do their best to be hospitable .	0	Pronoun
In January 1998 Fabio Tollis and Chiara Marino , both just 16 , disappeared .	6	Proper Name
I am a business owner in downtown Saratoga Springs and wish this restaurant was in our town !	3	Noun
Travel to the Nicobar Islands is forbidden to non-Indians , and they are also not allowed in some parts of South Andaman Island .	1	Adposition
This person is not coming to visit you - the whole point of this scam is to gain your trust enough to steal your money and identity	24	Noun
Muslims are required to make a pilgrimage to Mecca during their lifetimes , if physically or financially possible , as it is one of the five pillars of the Islamic faith .	22	Numeral
This was simple prudence , white men being so much alike at a distance that he could not tell who I might be .	0	Pronoun
what are some unique customs in ireland ?	2	Determiner
and I was going to take charge of a two-penny-halfpenny river-steamboat with a penny whistle attached !	10	Noun
Deb Watson is the contact person and she and the rest of the staff were great !!!	12	Determiner
This is not a rip - off , it is decent ; it 's legal ; and it is virtually no risk - it really works !!	14	Adjective
Include items like toiletries , toilet paper , bottled water , snacks and a change of clothes in case you can not unpack everything in time .	22	Verb
In his right hand , fixed between his thumb and first two fingers , he held an uncapped fountain pen , still poised in a writing position .	16	Determiner
It is all about the $$$ .	3	Adposition
It might just be coincidence or the fact those great big trotters with those extremely long backs lost a bit of fine coordination to get those gangly bodies around those tighter turns .	7	Noun
And I remember there sitting at my desk thinking , " Well , I know this " .	8	Verb
Hitchcock preferred to work with the best talent of his day — film poster designers such as Bill Gold and Saul Bass — who would produce posters that accurately represented his films .	17	Proper Name
And perhaps he was cheered by keeping his eye on a chance of promotion to the fleet at Ravenna by-and-by , if he had good friends in Rome and survived the awful climate .	25	Noun
I guess if you have a schtick that is a resounding success once , you ca n't help but trot it out every time your act is going sour .	22	Determiner
Six black men advanced in a file , toiling up the path . They walked erect and slow , balancing small baskets full of earth on their heads , and the clink kept time with their footsteps .	22	Adjective
I do know that most of the time this plant was not buring like it did in July and August of this year .	21	Determiner
I came here looking for Paul Auster , the private detective .	0	Pronoun
VCU has the # 1 art school in America , and EXCELS in healthcare and medical schooling .	5	Noun
At the initial meeting it became apparent that most participants were there to learn more about digital humanities and were not ( yet ) in the situation where they were able to offer expertise on the subject .	29	Verb
One of their many grieving Facebook posts has a line which would have delighted Chris : “ More African than you , I have not known . ”	5	Proper Name
De Gaulle had instructed that there be no excessive displays of public affection towards Churchill and no official awards without his prior agreement .	14	Proper Name
How do you plan to get into the Republican debates and make an impact on polls ?	2	Pronoun
Regardless of method , the winning seeker wins 30 points for his or her team , unlike the books , in which the snitch is worth 150 points .	14	Noun
A community of about twenty thousand people had traffic jams worthy of Rome , cars as a matter of course rushing into the reserved bus lanes , screwing everything up and honking madly .	29	Adverb
If Abbas keeps up this " macho talk " he will kill potential peace talks and might as well allow Hamas ( which has probably done a better job at providing for the Palestinians ) rule the West Bank .	27	Adjective
Just the fact that those were the lead stories for so many days , in everything from US Weekly to Time Magazine .	9	Adposition
" More concerning , " continued the MILNET brief , " is the priority placed on expanding and modernizing its Navy .	6	Determiner
It taste better than In and Out ....	5	Conjunction
Use dried snake feces .	0	Verb
By Friday December 1st , could you please tell me the percentages / amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and November .	26	Proper Name
The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly and informative and answered any question I had .	16	Noun
Best Limo Limousine service in all of Dallas	7	Proper Name
The theme of this years lantern festival revolves around the 12 year Chinese zodiac cycles year of the pig .	3	Determiner
These global standards also should enable Enron to expand its business reach more quickly , with well defined requirements with regard to trading operations .	1	Adjective
The games involve challenges and rules involving the exercise of cognitive functions , especially the working memory , attention and capacity of solving problems .	0	Determiner
This fact means that the European Parliament , the Commissioner and the Commission must act decisively and strategically .	1	Noun
Transmedia systems , like that exemplified by Game of Thrones , are becoming increasingly prevalent ( e.g. , Star Wars , Harry Potter , The Walking Dead , the Marvel Cinematic Universe , etc ) ;	28	Determiner
The Coalition decision to provoke a fight with Muqtada al - Sadr 's movement only three months before the Coalition Provisional Authority goes out of business has to be seen as a form of gross incompetence in governance .	14	Adverb
Monks will sometimes be aided by a layman who will accept things from women merit-makers on their behalf .	11	Noun
If even a modicum of normality and security can be returned to Iraq , its citizens will be able to benefit from the country 's petroleum reserves .	8	Verb
That , and the repairs when I brought the pieces to the station , took some months .	3	Determiner
An enthusiastic reader and independent thinker as a child , Balzac had trouble adapting to the teaching style of his grammar school .	4	Adjective
Anything else you would like to add ?	6	Verb
Whitmore stated to LA Weekly that the alleged crime involved five hard drives each of $ 200 in value .	17	Adposition
Most people choose cars , but if headed to a central area , such as Main Street , it is best to drive there , park in a municipal parking lot , and walk around from there .	3	Noun
Watch out for your wallet	1	Adposition
Indeed , given how Bush has rampaged around the world alienating allies and ignoring vital conflicts with the potential to blow back on the US , one might well argue that Edwards knows more now than Bush does .	4	Proper Name
We highly recommend Joe and his wasp removal service to individual home owners and condos .	9	Adposition
It is trying to play ice hockey by sending a ballerina ice - skater into the ring or to knock out a heavyweight boxer by a chess player .	26	Noun
In Access , you can export the data , the schema ( data structure ) , or both , to XML files .	20	Proper Name
Sure .	0	Adverb
Facebook co-founder Mark Zuckerberg tweeted to Mohamed and said the boy was welcome to come and tour the company .	16	Verb
Joseph Asahe was one of Edward Shinza 's lieutenants in the early days of PIP .	14	Proper Name
The layout of a PivotTable view does not have to include all of the fields that are available from the underlying record source .	8	Verb
43 - Percentage of the entire world 's military spending that the US spends on defence .	11	Determiner
He also said Klein was uncommunicative , uncooperative and unwilling to walk up from cells under the courthouse to attend his hearing .	16	Determiner
Despite his conservative background , in later years Nida became increasingly ecumenical and New Evangelical ( clarification needed ) in his approach .	16	Noun
As of 2005 , the new Member States became active in organising Pericles actions .	5	Adjective
Here are two examples : janesmith@paulhastings.com and danjones@paulhastings.com .	2	Numeral
For this reason , it 's always better to practice ballet in a ballet studio under the guidance of a good instructor , who will be able to correct your positioning and make sure that you 're dancing properly .	35	Pronoun
You live the moment , without any perspective , but you can not break free of the moment , forget the moment .	0	Pronoun
Then she sighed in a way that seemed to suggest she was regretting her decision to take him home .	12	Verb
in order to bring immediate results it will also be necessary to have constant monitoring of the implementation of the directive .	13	Adjective
" You come here from Earth ? " I asked .	4	Adposition
Find him before he finds the dog food .	4	Verb
And on April 3 his chief aide in Najaf was suddenly arrested along with 13 other members of his organization , and the Coalition forces are put into violent conflict with his organization , which leaves 7 US soldiers dead .	5	Adjective
But today , unable to see the end of war , he has lost the sensation of being borne upon any such wave .	22	Noun
Balzac 's literary mood evolved over time from one of despondency and chagrin to one of solidarity and courage - but not optimism .	14	Numeral
the participant group had mean and standard deviation 60.23 ( 64.75 ) respectively , while the control group was 20.00 ( 42.65 ) .	4	Noun
The phones and networks are compatible , so the only reason it would n't work would be if you have , say , a cheap cell phone company ..	1	Noun
The Jewish community was practically wiped out , and many others lost their lives .	9	Adjective
If his calculations were correct , he had been there for more than fourteen hours .	6	Pronoun
I was gon na have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having Having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places I know are denny 's and ihop .	31	Particle
Then , also , he 's got so much stuff in there right now , that I do n't know how he 's going to fit baby stuff .	24	Particle
or you could even spray some scented spray on the leash and he will go for the scent and probably , if you act quick enough , will stay on the leash .	12	Pronoun
On a form or report , you can also specify that a control is shadowed or chiseled .	7	Verb
You must n't forget I 've got help , she said .	4	Pronoun
The content of these sessions should enable them to provide services to researchers and students , identify remaining gaps in knowledge or skills that they could address by self-directed learning and ( perhaps ) to automate their daily library work .	22	Noun
For a generous girl , a girl who took off her clothes with abandon , she was remarkably close-mouthed about some things .	16	Verb
That 's a tragedy for those populations , but it 's also a tragedy for the people eating them because they don't know that that 's toxic meat .	18	Pronoun
The Galileo and Ulysses spacecraft carried dust detectors onboard that Eberhard Gruen and his colleagues used to first detect and them measure the flux of interstellar dust particles streaming into the solar system .	32	Noun
Secondly , the origin rules applicable to imports to third countries from the Community are still based on individual Member States .	11	Adposition
One of the people assassinated very recently in Sri Lanka was Mr Kumar Ponnambalam , who had visited the European Parliament just a few months ago .	8	Proper Name
He became a Christian at a young age , when he responded to the altar call at his church " to accept Christ as my Saviour . "	9	Conjunction
THEY ARE VERY RUDE AND NASTY .	4	Conjunction
I know that if my garage door needs to be repaired , I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors	7	Verb
In an apparently unrelated incidents , some eleven Iraqis were killed by snipers on Tuesday , including a group of police trainees in a bus near Hilla and two police in Kirkuk .	16	Masdar
Splendeurs et misères des courtisanes ( The Harlot High and Low , 1847 ) continues Lucien 's story .	8	Noun
49 - Percentage of Americans in April 2004 who found that their taxes had actually gone up since Bush took office .	20	Noun
A call to the telephone ;	4	Noun
Despite the release of a photo this morning , police in B.C. say they have more questions than answers about an apparently homeless man charged in the fatal stabbing of a teen girl at her Abbotsford high school .	30	Determiner
They are hoping Corp will foot the bill for a pilot which will allow them to fully test this tool before implementing it company - wide .	12	Verb
In the long run , Spain itself will pay even more .	10	Adjective
Madam President , the importance of transport safety is highlighted on a regular basis in this Parliament and rightly so .	19	Adverb
Well a changing bag would be the easiest solution .	8	Noun
A key question is how they acquired the anthrax strain first isolated by the Texas Veterinary Medical Diagnostic Lab in 1980 .	7	Determiner
I highly recommend Debi , she does an amazing job , I " love " the way she cuts my hair , extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .	5	Pronoun
My pharmacy order is always correct and promptly delivered but the pharmacy staff are always very short with me and do n't seem to like answering questions .	26	Noun
He was still working as an actor in London in 1608 ;	5	Determiner
Stored in an underground vault at Gringotts in London was a small fortune that his parents had left him .	18	Pronoun
Fort Lee can also be accessed by boat or ferry from New York City via Edgewater and Weehawken docks .	11	Proper Name
the only down fall of this pho house is the difficulty in finding parking in chinatown .	3	Noun
to be the illusionless tough guy on a world scale ;	4	Adjective
I do n't want to waste my time on routes set for children , but I do n't want to take on something I ca n't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion .	10	Verb
He is kind of hate walking with leash , every time I put the leash on , he will try to bite it .	21	Verb
Yesterday , North Korea fired artillery rounds aimed at a loudspeaker in South Korea that broadcasts anti-Pyongyang propaganda into the North .	19	Determiner
It ’s actually more businesslike than you ’d imagine .	1	Verb
There are , therefore , two points to which I would like to draw the Commission 's attention .	12	Particle
She said , There 're bulbs like you see in films round the star 's dressing-table , and they light up and spell INDEPENDENCE HURRAH .	12	Determiner
She has gone into the issue in some depth and in the committee debate she took account of many of the amendments that have been tabled regarding this report .	9	Conjunction
Great atmosphere , great food .	0	Adjective
You should not wai service people or street vendors .	6	Conjunction
In the photo on the couch , the pillow she is resting on clashes with everything else in the shot .	19	Noun
In the mean time , much stronger friction over land quickly reduces their strength .	13	Noun
The light from the door made the shadows under the bleachers darker , the long space stretched far away .	0	Determiner
I am going to have to miss your wedding .	1	Verb
Wakes are common both north and south of the boarder with Protestants and Catholics alike .	6	Adverb
Survivors are being found all the time , including two children who lost their parents .	13	Pronoun
Rules for moving an interior horizontal line	1	Adposition
During the 2013 off - season she appeared on CTV Montreal as a guest weather anchor .	7	Verb
Then , also , he 's got so much stuff in there right now , that I do n't know how he 's going to fit baby stuff .	9	Noun
Plus , this region ranks fifth in the nation in number of major cultural resources per one million residents .	0	Conjunction
This applies especially in the high Arctic where the ice cover is expected to diminish substantially with the effect that the surface absorption of solar radiation will greatly increase . "	2	Adverb
Thur. Sept. 28 - Paris ( Versailles or Fontainbleu - half day side trip )	7	Conjunction
Soon , the crowd of gnomes in the field started walking away in a straggling line , their little shoulders hunched .	9	Verb
" Because when they bring my chicken dinner this kid with the beard will be in a state , " I explain .	9	Noun
When I found out them came up with the Nook Tablet , I was pretty disappointed though , because I bought my Nook color for the same darn price !	18	Conjunction
Tommy Solomon Statue .	2	Proper Name
I m getting a dwarf hamster tomorrow and i saw videos on youtube of them escaping and if my hamster escaped because my mom will FREAK OUT !!!	8	Pronoun
My parents do not like me , They constantly reassure me that they will throw me out of home when I turn 18 .	18	Noun
I have never had a problem with their hours because I always go during the mornings .	10	Pronoun
Thus , the leaders in charge of Al Qaeda 's anthrax production program had a close connection to those imprisoned in connection with the earlier bombing of the World Trade Center .	22	Adposition
She has gone into the issue in some depth and in the committee debate she took account of many of the amendments that have been tabled regarding this report .	2	Participle
Gloria was finally taken to the emergency department shortly before her death .	11	Noun
“ I visit the degree shows at Northampton University to spot new talent , ” he says .	10	Verb
Secondly , we should not allow this to be postponed indefinitely , and we should not introduce provisions restricted to physical persons .	2	Pronoun
Two enormous green eyes had appeared among the leaves .	0	Numeral
We are taking a 3 hour flight down to a fancy island in Florida and staying only 2 days .	13	Proper Name
After discussions with the commercial group I propose that that redlined language be added to the attached Dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated rate agreements we 've done .	19	Conjunction
The greater part of the Danube Delta lies in Romania ( Tulcea county ) , while its northern part , on the left bank of the Chilia arm , is situated in Ukraine ( Odessa Oblast ) .	23	Noun
The Sunburn missile , with its incredible speed and ability to avoid radar detection , would do terrible damage these ships if Iran chooses to retaliate in the Gulf after an American attack within its borders .	33	Adposition
Place two parts water or stock to one part of quinoa in a saucepan over medium-high heat and bring to a boil .	18	Verb
They are also quick at getting your order out to you .	3	Adjective
Bush demoted Dick Clarke , among the most vocal and focused of the al - Qaeda experts , from his cabinet .	18	Adposition
Here are the revised dates for the response / reply / and hearing dates for Enron 's motion to compel .	2	Determiner
Although they are now sedentary ( with the young using cell phones , etc. ) , they maintain many of their old customs , traditions and beliefs .	16	Pronoun
The door is easy to use and it keeps the cold out during the winter .	13	Determiner
Cleanest guesthouse i have been to	1	Noun
That , I think , started my thinking about this , but it took a while for the idea to crystallize .	14	Determiner
But Shinza 's here for the Independence ceremony ?	6	Noun
There s [ sic ] something in the hilarious anarchy of the net that produces these ' events ' every now and again . "	6	Adposition
( 3 ) Everyone who works has the right to just and favourable remuneration ensuring for himself and his family an existence worthy of human dignity , and supplemented , if necessary , by other means of social protection .	38	Noun
Expires : 24 Nov 2004 17:32 PST	0	Verb
I took my 2001 Nissan Frontier in to fix a cracked manifold .	1	Verb
It was completed rather late in the war ; although a number of B-29s were equipped with Eagle and it worked well , it came too late to make much difference .	0	Pronoun
As you 're from the States you 'll have much more fun in London .	9	Adverb
We ca n't avoid being politicized ( to use a word as murky as the condition it describes ) because it is necessary after all to know what is going on .	29	Participle
11/13/2000 03:43 PM	2	Noun
Analysis revealed that historic amounts of data had been used to cause the disruption .	12	Determiner
You should give her a try - it 's worth every penny to know that you pet is in GREAT hands with Wunderbar pet sitting !!!!	15	Pronoun
" What do I need English for ?	4	Verb
What volatilities are you using to value the options - monthly volatilities or intra-day volatilities or a blend of the two ( if blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols ) ?	10	Adjective
On the means of delivery , I am not sure from your note whether or not I fully understand the intent .	19	Determiner
I am very concerned about this issue .	6	Noun
If you need any more info , please advise .	5	Noun
Your predecessor said earlier – we only finished the debate barely twenty minutes ago – that this report would be voted on tomorrow .	21	Adposition
The offensive against the huge army enlisted by Venice was launched from France .	7	Adposition
Harry learned quickly not to feel too sorry for the gnomes .	3	Particle
As for us in Parliament , I would like to remind you of the code of conduct between the Commission and Parliament which was signed in May .	10	Verb
Most of the " talking heads " on television , however , knew only that Daschle and Leahy were liberal democrats and did not know anything of Al Qaeda beyond what they read in the US newspapers .	15	Proper Name
When many people think about the engines driving that growth , they imagine commodities like oil , gold , and cocoa , or maybe industries like banking and telecommunications .	23	Adverb
I 've only just come to live here ... from down South . South Africa .	1	Verb
The cliff was not in the way or anything ; but this objectless blasting was all the work going on .	15	Determiner
Ben Taub hospital is located at 1504 Taub Loop , Houston , Texas , phone number : 713-793-2000 .?	6	Numeral
However , Proust wrote later in life that the contemporary fashion to rank Balzac higher than Tolstoy was " madness .	8	Determiner
M.D. Nalapat , an expert on jihad , is professor of geopolitics at the Manipal Academy of Higher Education , India .	11	Noun
Talk to your academic adviser , see what they recommend .	9	Verb
But I also see that as a fatal misconception , which is doing Sunnis harm , because I do n't believe the US is going anywhere so soon .	6	Determiner
To be Auster meant being a man with no interior , a man with no thoughts .	3	Verb
They had laid flag-stones under the walnut trees for the white wooden chairs and table , so that it would n't be too damp .	7	Noun
The wires have been humming since before the New Year with reports that the Bush administration is planning an attack on Iran .	5	Adposition
Strain out the Skittles using a filter , such as a paper coffee filter or a clean t-shirt .	0	Verb
The continued Israeli colonization of the occupied Palestinian territories during the 1990s helped , along with terrorist attacks by radical groups such as Hamas , to derail the peace process , which Sharon had always opposed .	29	Noun
Derya , of all people , hearing you scream !	8	Verb
There began one of those chases about in the night that , Bray saw , Neil Bayley fiercely enjoyed .	1	Verb
In fact , it would tend to encourage more organized anti-India outfits , such as the Pakistani Inter- Services Intelligence ( ISI ) and outside - linked Maoists , to exploit these networks and weaken India 's eastern flank .	30	Verb
The president of the Community of Madrid , Cristina Cifuentes , represents the most conservative , while leaders of the party , such as the Sectorial Under - Secretary , Javier Maroto , represent the most progressive .	14	Adjective
But they were talking of Mweta ;	3	Participle
From the East / Arkansas - US-412 West , aka the " Cherokee Turnpike . "	7	Proper Name
When I tell stories I do n't like that everything will be clear from the beginning .	12	Adjective
The name seemed to suggest something to Auster , and he paused for a moment abstractedly , as if searching through his memory .	12	Adposition
her first stories were published in a minor newspaper under her pen name , Ichiyo Higuchi .	6	Determiner
Pakistani officials claim there are as many as 42 RAW agents based in Kandahar and another 12 in Jalalabad .	0	Adjective
Due to his keen observation of detail and unfiltered representation of society , Balzac is regarded as one of the founders of realism in European literature .	2	Determiner
It 's also a good idea to not wear your Sunday best .	9	Pronoun
Just said i was inoperable and walked out of the hospital room .	9	Determiner
The Gulf itself only has one exit , the Strait of Hormuz , which is also dominated by the mountainous Iranian coastline .	9	Proper Name
The problem with this argument is that Bush lacked the experience necessary to be president when he ran in 2000 , so this sort of cheap shot just hoists him by his own petard .	25	Adjective
It is fair to say that this creates an unprecedented breeding ground for cruel dictators , terror networks , fanaticism , incitement , suicide murders and general decline .	16	Noun
What do other Holga owners do when they need to change film when they are traveling ?	0	Pronoun
I would recommend go launcher or adw launcher .	6	Proper Name
The 2019 Winter Universiade will be hosted by Krasnoyarsk .	6	Verb
His wife was listening , laughing softly , sitting back majestically for a moment .	3	Participle
Here are some emails we have sent , along with the flyer for the Benefit fund raiser we are holding in June , just for your information .	13	Determiner
You do NOT learn the things you were promised .	1	Verb
Reports from Port Blair make it evident that New Delhi gets little on - the - ground intelligence , and the Indian Coast Guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands .	3	Proper Name
Start cleaning and start looking .	4	Masdar
Their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones amazes me every time I walk in .	2	Adposition
Poor old Dando .	0	Adjective
Jana made me feel very comfortable .	1	Verb
Great out night !	1	Adjective
As far as the call with Uncle Ben goes , if he was thrilled to hear from me I could n't tell by his voice .	2	Conjunction
The best cakes EVER !	3	Adverb
$ 66 b - Amount the United States spent on international aid and diplomacy in 1949 .	14	Adposition
He had not called me Muscles or put his hand on my head for a long time .	0	Pronoun
you need to bring me next time	3	Verb
Quinn had never been able to grasp the connection between the constellations and their names .	9	Adposition
The games involve challenges and rules involving the exercise of cognitive functions , especially the working memory , attention and capacity of solving problems .	5	Noun
Although Iceland was under the political control of Denmark until a much later date ( 1918 ) , very little influence and borrowing from Danish has occurred in the Icelandic language .	25	Verb
And what is it that has led the Jews to place themselves , after the greatest disaster of their history , in a danger zone ?	2	Verb
You should check for updated information on a regular basis . "	7	Determiner
A monsoon is a seasonal prevailing wind which lasts for several months , ushering in a region 's rainy season .	16	Noun
By boosting productivity , increasing returns on investment , and facilitating technological adaption and innovation , South Korea 's abundance of well - educated workers has served as the foundation for its export - oriented development strategy .	24	Noun
I 'm a member of a local animal rights news , and get regular emails from other members and the staff .	19	Determiner
Stop in and have a bite you wo n't regret it .	3	Verb
A Top Quality Sandwich made to artistic standards .	4	Verb
Last week , Federal District Judge Lynn Hughes in Huston , Texas , threw out Wilson 's two - decades old conviction .	15	Proper Name
I meant " please " ! said Harry quickly .	6	Verb
Thank you or your feed back .	0	Verb
What is all important is to be French , or to have been French for a good long time .	9	Conjunction
The Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles ( not a drop of magical blood in their veins ) and as far as they were concerned , having a wizard in the family was a matter of deepest shame .	1	Proper Name
You might have to make your own nightlife by finding an izakaya ( pub ) somewhere .	1	Verb
Revolutionary re-enactments , and breathtaking views of the GW Bridge , the Little Red Light House , Hudson River and majestic city skyline .	5	Noun
We see the base of the food chain , the plankton , the small things , and we see how those animals are food to animals in the middle of the pyramid , and on so up this diagram .	38	Noun
These global standards also should enable Enron to expand its business reach more quickly , with well defined requirements with regard to trading operations .	22	Noun
Dedicated bodies were created for the technical analysis of counterfeits in the Member States , the ECB - for banknotes , and the Commission - for coins .	3	Participle
one was strong and healthy , while the other was emaciated , shackled , carrying the baggage of disease , and confronting the massive barrier of malnutrition .	15	Determiner
In addition , repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .	18	Verb
Hibernation is natural , and a necessity for snakes that are going to be bred .	6	Noun
He is delighted to be here , and he is suffering the one activates the other .	14	Determiner
In 1995 , at age seventeen , she was told to disconnect from her mother .	4	Noun
Records show that on Oct. 31 , power generators and electricity traders filed letters with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , demanding that the new plan be killed .	22	Conjunction
The next day , two of Hathaway 's neighbours posted bonds guaranteeing that no lawful claims impeded the marriage .	7	Particle
The prestigious IAEA ( International Atomic Energy Agency ) published an early report on Chernobyl which was based on information from Russian sources and stated that there was no significant health effects .	26	Pronoun
Christian Wolmar , who has written a number of books on railway history , will stand in the contest on 1 December .	12	Noun
Hope it helps !	0	Verb
It had nearly stopped raining .	3	Verb
Peter Dale Scott includes an account of how Terrell 's whistleblowing was stifled by them in his book Cocaine Politics .	12	Verb
It is my understanding that some rock will be removed and replaced with siding .	2	Pronoun
Revolutionary re-enactments , and breathtaking views of the GW Bridge , the Little Red Light House , Hudson River and majestic city skyline .	9	Proper Name
Customizing the layout of a PivotChart view	3	Adposition
Radianz 1251 Avenue of the Americas 7th Floor New York , NY 10016 USA Phone : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4425 Fax : +1 ( 212 ) 899-4310 Cell : +1 ( 917 ) 859-7187 Email : kyle.jones@radianz.com	32	Numeral
The Rev. Gerald Robinson appeared stony - faced as the jury 's guilty verdict was read , and he blinked repeatedly and glanced at his lawyers before being led away in handcuffs .	2	Proper Name
That has NEVER happened before so I was kinda realizing at that point that he was a little interested .	16	Determiner
Linda is the rudest person you will ever talk to and she sticks up for all of the trashy , rude people that live there , not the nice ones that actually give a crap about respecting others .	0	Proper Name
Women usually have more childcare and household responsibilities than men , which make it difficult for them to devote as much time to farm work , or even to supervise hired labor .	30	Participle
actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	24	Numeral
11 - Percentage of American young adults who can not find the United States on a map .	14	Adposition
Here and there bits of ancient Maya stonework can be seen reused in Spanish Colonial era buildings in the old part of town .	0	Adverb
Because series 1 is no longer the old one , many users can save 100 euros .	8	Noun
Instead he pulled the military off , stopped the bombing of North Vietnam , withdrew from the presidential race , and spent the rest of his term in office trying to surrender to North Vietnam .	14	Verb
territory is very important to cats , and they are very nervous when they go into a new place - a new house could be full of predators , or unknown menaces - well at least he thinks so .	29	Conjunction
This is the year you 'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you 're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life .	9	Noun
The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .	12	Adverb
Send us your comments using the form .	4	Verb
prospective audiences differ both in decoding ability and in potential interest .	0	Adjective
I do n't know how others feel , but I 'm definitely looking into immigration to Canada as an option .	0	Pronoun
When the cloud disperses , she ’s standing on one of the Stock Exchange ’s upside-down overhangs .	9	Numeral
It remains a small , quaint fishing town with laid back charm but with increasing media exposure it is growing , slowly but steadily ,	10	Adposition
Not that his whole year at Hogwarts had been fun .	8	Participle
If you want to pass this web site address along to other folks , feel free .	6	Noun
The game is already 100 % functional .	2	Verb
" Thou art growing less doltish and more shrewd every day , Sancho , " said Don Quixote .	15	Verb
It is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of George Harrison , who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him .	13	Adjective
Pittsburgh gets men on second and third , one out , so the Mets go to the bullpen for Allen .	1	Verb
I wondered who did all the work on Earth .	2	Pronoun
An update will be e-mailed , as soon as one is available .	4	Verb
Such a formal orientation that typifies this type of structural equivalence is called a " gloss translation " in which the translator aims at reproducing as literally and meaningfully as possible the form and content of the original .	22	Verb
They even want to go to school on the weekends !!	5	Adposition
This will give it time to absorb any moisture that might still be in the pan .	11	Adverb
The Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles ( not a drop of magical blood in their veins ) and as far as they were concerned , having a wizard in the family was a matter of deepest shame .	14	Adposition
But I would like to say that safety is a priority objective for the Commission .	3	Verb
Through them it may cost £ 20 in total per person .	3	Verb
Musharraf held elections in October of 2002 , in which center - right parties did well , but in which nearly 20 percent of parliament seats went to the fundamentalist religious party coalition , MMA .	24	Noun
The optimistic view is that those , like me , who find ourselves fearing the relative wage distribution of the future as a source of mammoth inequality and power imbalance simply suffer from a failure of imagination .	14	Determiner
wikiHow now has millions of visitors per month .	5	Noun
Even taking into account the fact that my 3 year old wanted to run most of the way round , it took us just over one hour start to finish .	1	Verb
Dr. Fortier , an orthodontist , learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of Baffin Island in July 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall .	9	Adverb
You 'll have to come visit to check out my new house .	7	Verb
They needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files on Wilson .	19	Noun
The oldest known historical reference to the city is to be found on an inscription of conquered sites at Thutmose 's temple at Karnak .	7	Noun
( We check in early afternoon and we fly next day . )	8	Verb
It is important to note that there is also a departure tax of CUC 25 , to be paid in cash when departing Cuba by airplane ; this is not required for boat departures .	17	Verb
The fact is , when I began traveling for business to New England , when I first visited my in - laws in Montana and Idaho , I was shocked at the lack of racial diversity .	16	Adverb
Email usually free if you use a WiFi connection .	3	Conjunction
Whoever wins election on November 5 , 2013 , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .	10	Verb
And , she granted , “ you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different — we can do better — and where she has expressed regret . ”	28	Conjunction
Here 's a story ... as I was waiting at the bus stop ( 7:35 am ) to go to school , a lady approached me and asked if I 'd make sure her daughter got on a certain bus .	23	Noun
Wednesday , September 19 , 2007	0	Proper Name
I know it can take a while for results and did n't expect a miracle , but after 2 months I felt like it was not entirely worth the cost / time .	28	Determiner
Sara , here are the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas , UK power and Nordic power .	4	Determiner
A replay of the Cold War would cause immense damage to both Russia and Europe , and most of all to Ukraine , which is situated between them .	17	Adverb
Mr President , I would once again like to congratulate Mr Koch on his magnificent work on this other report , which in a way supplements the debate which we held in October on rail transport .	10	Noun
I would do the tupperwear idea TBH - easiest and most humane .	5	Noun
It is time to demand action – and past time for policymakers to deliver it .	5	Noun
I want to go all over :) I do n't have a set route yet .	0	Pronoun
Gloria developed severe eczema at the age of four months and the parents were advised to send the child to a skin specialist .	17	Determiner
You either 1 ) sacrifice on breadth and do n't produce the topics that wo n't interest advertisers , or 2 ) you sacrifice on quality and produce content that does n't cost much to write .	0	Pronoun
Please follow the directions EXACTLY , and $ 50,000 or more can be yours in 20 to 60 days .	18	Noun
It has also become an arms depot of the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) , who operate almost freely in the Andaman Sea .	24	Proper Name
I am taking my wife out for our first year wedding anniversary and we both agree that we want a good steak .	17	Pronoun
He also never even said he was sorry .	0	Pronoun
In fact you can ask questions about why it should ever have existed , but now why should it exist .	9	Verb
Make sure that it is a language that while speaking , you do n't get a literal knot in your tongue !	1	Adposition
For instance , you might say something like , " I do n't know why every song on the radio nowadays has a Texas Flynn feature . Does he even have time to record between rehab stints ? "	28	Pronoun
There are special regions uniquely and imposingly designed for the children .	9	Determiner
' To make money , of course . '	1	Particle
It 's really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in one place and I want to spread the word .	0	Pronoun
Hmmm ... A person can not call a company , if you have no idea its name ( since the designer is unknown ... SUPPOSEDLY ) , and order a gown without a dress name or style number .	7	Determiner
This was an unhappy time in his life , during which he attempted suicide on a bridge over the Loire River .	5	Adposition
I have a few questions , first I want to start a sump filter , but I have no idea on how the water intake and water return would work .	18	Determiner
Umm ...	0	Interjection
As these guidelines need to be approved by Houston , I am copying this to Mark , Alan and Jeff .	6	Verb
You need to check with one of the major hospital that performance this procedure like Bumrungard Hospital or Yanhee Hospital .	13	Noun
Orders and / or instructions transmitted by e-mail will not be accepted by PaineWebber and PaineWebber will not be responsible for carrying out such orders and / or instructions .	25	Conjunction
I am pleased to confirm that the Commission has received the report to which the honourable Member refers .	1	Verb
Thanks again for taking the time to listen and talk with me .	4	Determiner
Our friend is a world traveler and loves unpretentious dining experiences and inspired food .	5	Noun
What to do in San Rafael Ca ?	1	Particle
Anyone who 's spent a lot of time on a farm with chickens is probably familiar with this trick .	16	Adposition
Unless the tank has a built in overflow box ( which I 'm certain it does n't ) then you have to get one of those hang on back overflow boxes so that you can install a sump .	19	Pronoun
he will explore the room , mark everything with his cheek , and try to make it feel like his territory .	13	Verb
You have to take more into account the whole question of , not just giving aid , but fair trade .	18	Adjective
State is the body with experience in international affairs and administration .	0	Proper Name
His position had come to him – why ? Perhaps because he was never ill ...	10	Conjunction
The second vendor charged $ 55 ( less than half of what A&E charges ) to come and applied that to the price of the repair service ( which A&E does not ) .	30	Verb
All children , whether born in or out of wedlock , shall enjoy the same social protection .	12	Verb
When I got to the job and tried to insert the new piece of metal IT WOULD NOT FIT !!	0	Adverb
There is nothing wrong with a REAL negotiation , but nothing particularly helpful about generating one that s just for show .	16	Pronoun
If she has no male to fertilize the eggs , the eggs will aways be infertile .	3	Determiner
I would like to see the quotes and a description of the work to be done .	15	Verb
Although it had a prestigious past , the city 's political , economic , and cultural importance had declined over the centuries , leaving behind only its classical ruins as a reminder of better times .	18	Verb
Harry noticed that it was wearing what looked like an old pillowcase , with rips for arm and leg holes .	10	Adjective
It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms , a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war .	24	Determiner
But darkness was here yesterday .	4	Noun
That is why I want to highlight some of the issues that I believe the Commission must have at the forefront .	19	Determiner
But , given the rapid development of technologies of governance and control , the pessimistic view deserves attention .	2	Participle
Thomas Sam , 42 , and his wife Manju Sam , 36 , from Sydney , Australia , are undergoing trial for manslaughter by gross negligence for the death of their nine-month-old child , Gloria .	5	Conjunction
Until Europe wakes up , this unity will not be achieved .	6	Noun
Recently Charles Miller and David Dewhurst sent you an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on Wed. 6/14 at 5:00 PM to be held at the Houston Petroleum Club .	15	Verb
The place where I 'm boarding is not likely to want to take me this far , and I do not have any ways of hauling him myself .	25	Verb
After a conversation with Ryan Seleznov I herewith like disclose in writing my intentions in respect to Dealbench .	14	Adposition
The Iguazu Falls are easily accessible and , dependent on your time restrictions and budget , you can get to the area by either bus or plane .	20	Determiner
The more they hate someone , the more dangerous that person is to their fantasy land .	14	Noun
When the elevator is going from the bottom floor to the top , as soon as the doors close , exclaim that you lost your tarantula / snake / scorpion but confirm that it is somewhere in the elevator .	23	Verb
Musk , which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive , makes the scent of perfume last a bit longer after each application .	11	Adposition
THE DAILY STAR publishes this commentary in agreement with Agence Global	8	Adposition
Have a Nice Day * **	3	Noun
It should be 4 - easy .	5	Adjective
The store was decorated with furnishings & accessories .	2	Verb
See them as they are , not for what they claim to be .	10	Verb
Their attempts to ingratiate themselves with India and other neutralist nations have gained them little .	14	Adjective
It 's also fuelled the emergence of modern high - rises -- like the visionary MahaNakhon , Bangkok 's tallest building .	13	Determiner
Harry dashed around his room , collecting his things together and passing them out of the window to Ron .	17	Adposition
For this reason , it 's always better to practice ballet in a ballet studio under the guidance of a good instructor , who will be able to correct your positioning and make sure that you 're dancing properly .	11	Adposition
You appear to be feeling better though .	4	Verb
We have already seen where poor Regulation of rapidly evolving financial markets can lead .	6	Noun
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID .	14	Adposition
Nonetheless , if the English law had been accepted , the daughters of Luis X , Felipe V and Carlos IV would have had more of a claim to the throne , above their aunt Isabella of France .	17	Proper Name
Will you be providing an execution version with questions removed / blanks filled in ?	12	Verb
They have good sushi for a good price .	5	Determiner
I 've also got a bachelor s degree so I can go back and do further study or take a different profession .	11	Verb
Trying to stay calm , he wondered what to do .	9	Verb
The European Union is not a military organization .	6	Adjective
( 2 ) Motherhood and childhood are entitled to special care and assistance .	12	Noun
One witness at the Moutasaddiq trial in Germany alleged that Zarqawi had not allowed Monotheism and Holy War to share resources with al - Qaeda in the early zeroes of the 21st century .	21	Adposition
Their so called mechanic said the engine was good and " There is nothing mechanicly wrong with this truck " .	8	Adjective
I have used Just Like Family several times now and they have provided great care for my two dogs .	9	Conjunction
1972 - Year that Bush walked away from his pilot duties in the Texas National Guard , Nearly two years before his six - year obligation was up .	27	Adverb
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I am determined to prove to the Admissions committment that I can do the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business .	21	Noun
As much fun as they are , I figured we would probably do some different things than what you have planned for them .	15	Noun
As a result , your finances improve - and your newfound confidence could attract new love into your life .	10	Adjective
" 4 . May I qualify under the Skilled Worker category even if I score less than 67 points ? "	12	Conjunction
My spirits recovered , and as soon as I had got into my habit , I followed him to the garden I have already told about .	17	Pronoun
By William Rivers Pitt	3	Proper Name
If you do n't like it , why do you go on reading ?	8	Verb
From there , you can look up at the islands La Désirade , Petite Terre , Marie Galante , Les Saintes , La Dominique but also have a perfect view of the islands Grande Terre and far away Basse Terre .	30	Adposition
I am forwarding for your attention the resume of Peter Percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems .	6	Determiner
With protests going on in the Chilean capital of Santiago ( from the economic summit ) , President Bush visited Chinese President Hu Jintao and other key allies in Santiago .	26	Adjective
And olive oil works fine if it 's all that 's left in the pantry .	2	Noun
The best Thai food I 've ever had in Australia , very fresh and so much favor of authentic Thai .	7	Verb
So they are still wearing them some four thousand years later .	2	Verb
It 's fine for mass - market chocolate , but with companies like Scharffen Berger , TCHO , and smaller artisan chocolate makers in the area , why ?	19	Adjective
Randy , this is the issue I left you the voice mail on .	3	Verb
As the American public gradually wearies of the Iraq crisis , some have begun worrying that the war could blow back on the US by creating the conditions for anti-American terrorism .	2	Adjective
We will evaluate whether and how to continue onto the next section .	9	Determiner
the attitude of some staff is terrible , did not solve anything only say i can do nothing .	8	Verb
Reports from Port Blair make it evident that New Delhi gets little on - the - ground intelligence , and the Indian Coast Guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands .	37	Noun
This campaign season , there have been questions about whether George W. Bush fulfilled his obligations to the National Guard as a young lieutenant in the early 1970s .	11	Proper Name
It s important to their religion that they only consume Halal food .	11	Noun
We are staying at a hotel in Center City Philadelphia so I wanted something close .	13	Pronoun
The CIA reportedly has been quietly building a case that the anthrax mailings were an international plot .	13	Verb
for a tank that size i would suggest oscars or piranha every time awesome fish !!	4	Noun
give them time to set up their territories , and once you bring the new kitten out , pay a lot of attention to the male .	9	Conjunction
They were death metal brainwashed fans , literally fulfilling the death metal paradigm , er ... morality .	16	Noun
What are the startup costs involved ?	3	Noun
Attached are the draft Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement , together with Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Credit Support Annex .	9	Noun
On the issue of the contracts , the draft says that the $ 170 m is paid when the EPC contract is signed .	2	Noun
My neighbourhood has been surrounded by American troops for three days now , helicopters have been circling over our heads non-stop .	0	Pronoun
Dando pulled ticks off the dog 's neck and burst them under his shoe while he drank and dealt out judgements .	9	Verb
Just my opinion here - no judgement - getting your snake on frozen / thawed will prove to be much easier for you and safer for your snake in the long run .	19	Adverb
They may not respond right away and they may fight so ther smaller one can fit in one of hide spaces if it gets attacked .	10	Adverb
Wilkes was re-elected and expelled twice more , before the House of Commons resolved that his candidature was invalid and declared the runner - up as the victor .	13	Verb
I began seeing Dr. Romanick back in 2000 and have seen a significant decline in the quality of care , patient - doctor communication , and just the overall level of services .	29	Noun
I called and got the same runaround on hold and noone calls you back .	10	Noun
From a moral standpoint , you guys are really gon na take 2,000 bucks from someone that needs that truck to work and support his family when you know it s just a piece of scrap metal ?	10	Particle
The best pizza ever i m fat so i ve had a ton of pizza other than pizza from chicago it s the best	3	Adverb
However , this difference may need to be adjusted for following a final review and signoff of system p&l values with traders .	19	Noun
One of the pictures shows a flag that was found in Fallujah .	2	Determiner
There are so many wonderful great places to dine in houston .... do n't . waste your time here .	15	Verb
The staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care my pup received was outstanding .	13	Determiner
As in the old days , varnish is often used as a protective film against years of dirt , grease , smoke , etc .	6	Noun
In July 1918 , the Franco - Monegasque Treaty was signed , providing for limited French protection over Monaco .	10	Verb
“ It ’s an implant that will let them know where you are , and how you are .	8	Pronoun
The object of the game is to score the most points and the game ends when the seeker snatches the snitch .	8	Determiner
She is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out .	19	Particle
i have never tried feeding him a pinky that was bigger around than he is .	5	Pronoun
Even if you can figure out what is wrong with this poor poneh , there is always the chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again in the future .	22	Adverb
I really have n't thought about writing a book .	7	Determiner
Unlike an opossum , the chicken gives an unconvincing act , as it continues to blink and breathe in an obvious way . "	17	Verb
Your application is still evaluated on a number of criteria , not all of them as " cast in steel " as the points .	2	Verb
No doubt much of what our citizens experience as noise does not fall within the competence of the Union .	13	Adposition
You can somewhat reduce your vulnerability by preventive and defensive measures and by strict border controls but not eliminate it and definitely not win the war in a defensive way .	6	Adposition
After happily visiting Sear's Automotives in the past , I was shocked at the horrible service received at their Greensboro location .	14	Adjective
I have no idea if that is related or farmers are doing a better job of clearing out opossums now because they know opossums are carriers , but we have n't had an EPM horse in at least 10 years .	33	Noun
This amendment adds the British Columbia Securities Act representation to the master .	4	Proper Name
The president was a lieutenant and Archibald had been a lieutenant , too ; he figured they had something to talk about .	21	Adposition
The Passcode to participate is : 5107	3	Verb
The pudding fell to the floor with a heart-stopping crash .	8	Adjective
SOLAS ( Safety Of Life At Sea ) , which is an international maritime treaty , came about in response to the tragedy of the Titanic .	9	Pronoun
I came in for alterations ( free , by the way ) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse .	13	Verb
It was originally named ' Googol ' , a word for the number represented by 1 followed by 100 zeros .	16	Verb
Was that the one where you were the captain of the team , in 2005 ?	10	Determiner
Remove your fingers from the existing grip and replace them with your new laser grip .	1	Pronoun
By 1998 , Zawahiri had determined that the Egyptian Islamic Jihad should focus on its struggle against the United States and hold off on further attacks against the Egyptian regime .	29	Noun
Although flying to the Chathams and back is not cheap , it is worth it .	8	Particle
Doctor Hank is Amazing	1	Proper Name
He was so eager to go in the nest and feed the baby and she always would go right away in the nest after him and give him a fight right there , were the baby was too .	1	Verb
I am bringing two of my girlfriends from LJ .	2	Verb
( b ) Is it right that Enron has 3 sets of bad faith proceedings in Texas ?	6	Conjunction
U.S. stock futures are surging by more than 1 % , alongside European markets .	3	Verb
I say this remembering that Jacques Maritain once characterized European anti-Semitism of the twentieth century as an attempt to get rid of the moral burden of Christianity .	24	Noun
There were no other options available ( I only brought my check card to cover any overage cost ) and she rang it up and applied it to the gift card before telling me about the tip policy .	20	Pronoun
6 . Limitation on Liability .	4	Noun
Ever since the industrial revolution brought a massive influx of workforce , Łódź had been a city almost equally divided between four cultures - Polish , Jewish , German and Russian .	3	Adjective
Drink from me if you can ; wash , if you like ; trouble my waters if you dare .	2	Pronoun
All of the people were friendly and welcoming .	1	Adposition
We look forward to seeing you soon .	1	Verb
i have talked to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say it s a routine thing when entering another country .	26	Verb
How to Cope With a Double Parachute Failure	6	Noun
By 1604 , he had moved north of the river again , to an area north of St Paul 's Cathedral with many fine houses .	16	Adposition
Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting further blurred each passing day .	13	Determiner
Signs of Saltford - an excellent supplier of value for money signs and banners etc .	2	Proper Name
I would like maybe 5 stalls per barn so make sure the stalls are not that big so it can fit .	1	Verb
He stressed , however , that NASA would not follow this week 's Chinese mission through formal channels .	8	Particle
I should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you did n't spell her name right in the email - I mean it 's such a common spelling .	30	Determiner
She still has some sort of scholarship but I am not for sure how much it pays .	6	Noun
This article , and specifically this piece , effected me enough to try to build a song around the topic .	15	Determiner
Rather , says one of the prelates , he would stay in Rome and become Party secretary .	2	Verb
of course , he thought bitterly , Uncle Vernon was talking about the stupid dinner party .	9	Verb
After I had chosen The Fountain Dental Practice they provided a slick and professional service from start to finish .	13	Adjective
As these guidelines need to be approved by Houston , I am copying this to Mark , Alan and Jeff .	15	Proper Name
I am going to give it one last chance in next few months and see ??	14	Verb
Norton would later add " Protector of Mexico " to this title .	11	Noun
It would n't be the first time he 'd collapsed on a delivery .	8	Verb
Note that the No " Out " version requires us to pay the premium on Tuesday !	10	Particle
A rocky cliff appeared , mounds of turned-up earth by the shore , houses on a hill , others , with iron roofs , amongst a waste of excavations , or hanging to the declivity .	26	Noun
I ca n't say enough good things about Karla and the wonderful things she has done for me and my dog Gracee .	5	Adjective
He was most widely recognized for some of his books .	2	Adverb
They were conquerors , and for that you want only brute force – nothing to boast of , when you have it , since your strength is just an accident arising from the weakness of others .	2	Noun
Using Alvarez 's dipole antenna to achieve a very high angular resolution , GCA allows ground - based radar operators watching special precision displays to guide a landing airplane to the runway by transmitting verbal commands to the pilot .	10	Adjective
Only a small minority of academics believe there is reason to question the traditional attribution , but interest in the subject , particularly the Oxfordian theory of Shakespeare authorship , continues into the 21 st century .	22	Adverb
I am pleased with the service that i get at Luxe .	0	Pronoun
Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end , Gemini , and now you 're going to start reaping the rewards these " lessons " have left in their wake .	30	Noun
What you see in New Orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system , a form of socialism that many in this country know is the true problem .	8	Adjective
* Offers a 7.5 cent / dth rate to large customers while minimizing rate changes to other customers , minimizing the incentive for these customers to seek to bypass local transmission charges and other CPUC - approved charges . *	20	Determiner
Yes , it is true that some people do n't like the way they think he will vote on the Supreme Court .	14	Verb
During the summer their outdoor theatre is used for performances and " movies in the park " every Friday night .	9	Noun
What became known as the palace coup began on Oct. 26 when ISO board members voted for severe restrictions on the amount of money electricity producers could charge for power .	28	Adposition
You 'll experience a new sense of purpose and make plenty of new friends .	13	Noun
Stephanie 's knowledge of the market and properties in our price range , made us feel secure in our decision to buy when we did .	9	Pronoun
So anyone looking for an Excellent night out for Chinese or maybe just lunch should stop in and try it because I promise you 2 things --- You wo n't regret it !!	25	Noun
2 ) Target Israel and encourage the worst elements of the Palestinians by playing on the iron fist policies of the Sharon government .	17	Noun
By comparing my observations to what my colleagues and predecessors had found , I figured out what group it belongs to , and was able to determine that within that group , it was a new species .	13	Pronoun
Both students of Goffredo Petrassi , Ennio Morricone and Bruno Nicolai met at the Santa ( Saint ) Cecelia conservatory .	9	Proper Name
And - most influential of all - Victor Cousin 's courses on philosophy encouraged his students to think independently .	5	Pronoun
The price is quoted in US Dollars per unit of volume , which will be the Contractual Currency .	17	Noun
E E Cummings , locked up by the French government , finds his aesthetic paradise in the detention camp of Ferte Mace .	8	Adjective
Is n’t the answer to that question that wise decisions are made with a basis from memory ?	8	Adjective
In fact , many people Wikinews observed took out their mobiles as they left for the evening and used their own phone cameras to make one further record of the moment - a photo of a photo .	30	Noun
In the past , Coron was virtually unknown outside of Palawan .	7	Adjective
The Chatham Islands consist of the main island , Chatham Island itself , with a population of 600 , smaller Pitt Island with about 40 inhabitants , and a number of rocky outcrops .	5	Determiner
It was complete chaos , " Kioka Williams told the Associated Press news agency .	12	Noun
No Shakespearean poems were included in the First Folio .	8	Noun
you will need to give him only a small place to explore , so he can make it his territory , and feel safe there .	3	Particle
Because the field list of a page does not show the contents specific to a page , you can use the data outline to review the structure of a page .	2	Noun
Their service is top - notch and I especially love the free French champagne served even in Economy .	0	Pronoun
It was just as though I had been let into some conspiracy – I do n't know – something not quite right ; and I was glad to get out .	18	Pronoun
I also find their food way better than many other airlines .	8	Adjective
I 'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY .	6	Pronoun
Rathbun requested donations via a statement made on his blog , in order to help Montalvo with his legal defense financing .	13	Particle
As with so much climate research , not everyone agrees with these dire predictions .	0	Adposition
When the French returned to Indochina at the end of WW II the Viet Minh were in control of the Red River Delta .	15	Verb
Bruna Anastacio brunaanastacio@hotmail.com Universidade Federal de Santa Catarin	5	Proper Name
That started me out on books and I have amassed quite a few since then .	13	Adposition
If she is nicer when you are alone I 'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend .	0	Conjunction
As one that s battled hard through many a broken dream Let me say , " in order to rise to the occasion you must be willing to go down with the ship " ,	28	Verb
Were there any ?	2	Determiner
It was the biggest thing in the town , and everybody I met was full of it .	6	Determiner
He said the top three cartoons will be announced on September 2 , with the winners being awarded prizes of 12,000 , 8,000 and 5,000 dollars respectively .	7	Verb
Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !	36	Verb
Good jokes have a lot of details and personality , so do n’t be afraid to embellish . [ 7 ]	15	Particle
And I think I remember , a bunch of guys called because of that also .	7	Noun
This morning , Pope Francis met Mark Zuckerberg and his wife at Casa Santa Marta .	11	Adposition
You think so , I think so ... right .	5	Verb
Today , the Tagbanuas remain the dominant if not entire population of Coron .	10	Noun
The queue for the lavatory moved along a notch , he glanced up and the man , carrying a flowered sponge-bag , caught his eye with a tired vacant stare that changed to an expression of greeting .	3	Determiner
What do other Holga owners do when they need to change film when they are traveling ?	6	Adverb
It did n't seem fair that we should lie here and be afraid while the men were getting drunk and singing .	5	Conjunction
You can also choose whether you want to use an existing connection file or create a new one .	6	Verb
The transaction is F.O.B. Reserve Marine Terminal in Chicago , Ill Metro Area .	4	Proper Name
My conclusion is that you should only go there if you want to wait a least an hour and see all kinds other people being seated before you .	20	Determiner
Madam President , if the vote records correctly how my Group voted I shall not , and cannot , object to that .	10	Noun
" THE PRESIDENT : I appreciate that .	6	Pronoun
At the Darunta complex where jihadis trained , recruits would wear green uniforms , except for Friday when they were washed .	10	Verb
The media has tended to overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word " domestic " the word includes a US - based , highly - educated supporter of the militant islamists .	4	Particle
I must say , I was impressed with the size of the bar area and lounge , & I liked that you could see the brewery right thru the glass !	15	Noun
In Asia and the Pacific , between 3 million and more than 10 million civilians , mostly Chinese ( estimated at 7.5 million ) , were killed by the Japanese occupation forces .	22	Numeral
Great for the kiddies - they love the labyrinth ( do n't forget to tell 'em it s really a ' pagen ' thing ! ) .	8	Noun
Equally important , it often does not accurately reflect the improvement in societal wellbeing resulting from innovation .	0	Adverb
According to the Saudi Interior Ministry over 345 Muslim pilgrims have been killed in a stampede during the annual Hajj pilgrimage near Mecca , Saudi Arabia .	3	Proper Name
They said that we were to be charged for this room regardless because we did not cancel within the 72 hours .	5	Particle
" No one can contradict me when I say that heavy metal and satanism are closely linked .	5	Pronoun
A week before , China 's second biggest state oil firm had signed a $ 70 billion deal for oilfield and natural gas development with Iran , which already supplies 13 per cent of China 's needs .	9	Noun
Leaders of companies such as Spotify , Tesla , Uber and Snapchat will attend a private event in addition to the Mountain View Summit .	5	Proper Name
I did n't end up buying my car here , but I did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me .	39	Pronoun
Please check out my who let the dog out blog .	6	Determiner
What culinary dishes would you recommend that go well with the Santorum cocktail ?	7	Verb
You fancied you had seen things – but the seal was on .	8	Determiner
Kathy and Stewart , the proprietors were the epitome of perfection .	7	Determiner
Think that was bad - by December of '74 the Dow had sunk to a bear market low of 577 .	13	Adposition
There are 50 of them , 48 located from Maine to Florida and California to Washington State and all in between .	10	Adposition
The Standard Book of Spells , Grade 2 by Miranda Goshawk	0	Determiner
We recognize that the state may not require religious groups to officiate at , or bless , same - gender marriages .	6	Particle
You can change property settings for a group of controls of the same type or for a group of controls of different types .	3	Noun
6 . Capitalize the word " facility " in the definition of Average Annual Load Factor .	10	Noun
We are much safer today on board ship due to SOLAS , and I suppose if any good came out of the Titanic tragedy , the adoption of SOLAS is probably it .	27	Adposition
Hugh McGuire with some books that have not yet been acoustically liberated .	5	Pronoun
I 'm a member of a local animal rights news , and get regular emails from other members and the staff .	4	Adposition
A company which provide good quality portals , E-commerce solutions , web based MMOG ... etc	3	Verb
They treat there employees with respect and concern and expect that they will extend the same politeness to there customers .	8	Conjunction
My car is a little tiny thing , a second-hand crock .	9	Adjective
A MILNET brief issued in February 2005 reports , " Due to its position astride the Persian Gulf , Iran has constantly been a threat to the Gulf .	12	Pronoun
Other random good ones :	2	Adjective
If Abbas keeps up this " macho talk " he will kill potential peace talks and might as well allow Hamas ( which has probably done a better job at providing for the Palestinians ) rule the West Bank .	1	Proper Name
Cornyn 's statement added , " There is no question Houston should have been selected as a final home for one of the orbiters — even Administrator Bolden stated as much .	26	Proper Name
Chalabi has been increasingly marginalized within Iraq , however , despite his ties of clientelage with Washington and Tehran .	15	Adposition
Laurie Ellis Enron Net Works LLC Client Services Phone : ( 713 ) 345-9945 Fax : ( 713 ) 646-8420 Email : laurie.ellis@enron.com	1	Proper Name
Also , he loves teaching so much , his price is unbeatable , but that does not change his level of skill .	5	Adverb
If some of John Kerry 's wounds were superficial , Bush received no wounds .	13	Noun
nevertheless , he was treated deferentially in San Francisco , and currency issued in his name was honored in the establishments he frequented .	19	Determiner
With the US military presence posing a threat on their borders in both Iraq and Afghanistan , Iran ’s moderate leadership is keen to help stabilise Karzai so that the US presence in Afghanistan is reduced .	8	Adposition
Please , let me know if you interested in introducing Peter to executives in your organization .	5	Conjunction
The logic is that ( nearly ) all Wave 4 respondents appeared in the Wave 1 sample , but not all would have been interviewed at Wave 3 due to differential patterns of temporary attrition .	20	Pronoun
Attention Retail Stores & Vendors :	1	Noun
Please , let me know .	0	Interjection
They would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they do n't want 3 people in that small apartment .	13	Noun
I 've been fuming over this fact for a few weeks now , ever since some organizations and governments suggested we need to accept the fact that Hezbollah will get involved in running Lebanon .	15	Determiner
Boiled WHITE rice and boiled chicken breast .	5	Noun
He is currently in the emergency room at Ben Taub Hospital .?	5	Noun
The two organisations launched an appeal which was thrown out by the Court of Cassation on the 12th of October .	16	Determiner
Since work has gone to hell , I am hoping to find some excitement in the possibility that LSU may play in the Cotton Bowl ( if Rohan " Alabama " Davey shows up for the next 3 games . )	4	Adposition
With extra blackworms and maybe frozen ( defrosted , rinsed ) frozen foods earlier in the day , they may leave 30 - 40 eggs at a time .	16	Noun
The real purpose of my call , however , is related to the services we will provide to support the aspirational statements of the Protocol .	1	Adjective
he will reassure himself that no other animal is in there , and that no other animal will come in - he is afraid that he is in someone else 's territory when he is in a new house .	21	Pronoun
Sara and Bill Bradford in Credit are supposed to talk to the DB Credit people about this remaining issue .	18	Noun
Human rights are below any reasonable standard , in spite of the grotesque fact that Libya was elected Chair of the UN Human Rights commission .	23	Proper Name
And it 's not all about how much you earn , cost of living is much higher in many cities in Australia .	9	Verb
From 1998 onwards , from its inception Disney cruise has attracted many and continue to attract more and more .	12	Conjunction
I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in CA ( for customers already on DA ) .	6	Proper Name
He felt it was his business not to frequent society but to create it .	12	Verb
When you design a Web page using Microsoft Office Web Components , any user with a Microsoft Office 2002 license can interact with the components in the browser to the level of interactivity you provide .	26	Determiner
It ’s fair to say that Rocco Catalano works , lives and breathes retro .	11	Conjunction
They love leaf or romaine lettuce and tomatos , celery , cucumbers , carrots .	0	Pronoun
I was later told they had been left at the warehouse and some future date they would be delivered .	6	Verb
By definition most tourists will go to the best places so you might have to put up with a few tourists along the way .	5	Verb
( He is 92 pounds ) He does not listen to any commands , but my major problem is that he will not go outside on command , or even with me .	19	Conjunction
why does my baby king snake refuse to eat ?	7	Particle
A century earlier , the French physiocrats Quesnay , Turgot , and Condorcet did not see how the share of the French labor force employed in agriculture could possibly fall below 50 % without producing social ruin .	13	Verb
Ladies and gentlemen from both North and South , we must vote in favour of this report .	12	Adposition
They had a great selection of colors to choose from and their seats are super comfty .	11	Pronoun
“ I had it done when I was little and see , you ca n’t even tell . ”	4	Verb
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .	12	Adposition
Sussex have four toes .	1	Verb
# 2 the decor is tasteful and artistic , from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixtures .... and ( most importantly ) # 3 the food is FANTASTIC .	14	Determiner
I have a question about McDonald 's Monopoly !	4	Adposition
I had to wait in the station for ten days – an eternity .	5	Determiner
7 - Number of Arabic linguists fired by the US army between mid-August and mid-October 2002 for being gay .	15	Numeral
If possible , can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5 ?	5	Adverb
The researchers found that ozone pollution caused 46 percent of previously heat-attributed damage to soybean crops .	8	Noun
If you hear a lot of awkward pauses or “ah”s or “um”s , your joke isn ’t ready and you need to practice more . [ 8 ]	3	Determiner
Other " guidelines " exist in limited form for the remote offices in Singapore and Australia .	10	Adjective
3 = Number of 11 September hijackers whose entry visas came through special US - Saudi " Visa Express " programme .	8	Noun
So instead of documenting the dreams it gradually became also like adding creational elements , and I think that somehow through writing my dreams I gradually came to writing , also poems , but mainly stories .	17	Verb
I want to go to the cafeteria for vegetables .	1	Verb
An Afghan official at the meeting added , ‘’ The Americans now realise that the Taliban are a bigger threat to our security than Al Qaeda . ’’	23	Adposition
The Rupertsberg cloister was destroyed during the Thirty Years ' War in 1632 by Swedish troops .	9	Particle
Grinning at Harry from the front seats were Fred and George , Ron 's elder twin brothers .	10	Proper Name
They have all kind of coupons available for car washes , oil changes , state inspection , etc .	3	Noun
The wedding had to be postponed as family members fled the outbreak of the war , she said .	13	Determiner
The prosecution was charging he was a rogue using his contacts from former service in both CIA and the ' Office of Naval Intelligence ' .	8	Verb
A bus that runs through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her , but I could n't do it .	10	Verb
The woman showed a wellshaped smile in the dark .	0	Determiner
The South retaliated by firing dozens of rounds of artillery into the north .	10	Adposition
The Agel compensation plan includes the principles that ensure that promise can be fulfilled for those who work at it .	13	Verb
0 - Number of environmentalists asked to attend Cheney 's Energy Task Force meetings .	2	Noun
I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase , and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation .	13	Conjunction
Can someone please make me feel better about this trip !!!!	9	Noun
- 20 piece Chicken McNuggets	2	Noun
Mohamed was a VIP guest at the Google Science Fair this weekend , and was able to meet finalists at the event held at Google 's headquarters located in Mountain View , California .	4	Noun
22 - Percentage of Americans who believed in May 2003 that Saddam had used his WMDs on US forces .	5	Pronoun
If you ever go on a cruise ship , you will be required to attend a SOLAS muster drill ( lifeboat drill ) within 24 hours of sailing .	20	Noun
you will need to get his box and bowls , and whatever blanket and toys are his , and smell like home , and put him in a room .	13	Conjunction
Four students at Roma Tre University have developed a motorcycle helmet that can ' read thoughts ' by helping to anticipate drivers ' actions .	7	Verb
News coverage of the president ’s years in the Guard has tended to focus on one brief portion of that time — to the exclusion of virtually everything else .	28	Adjective
Young and new faces emerged in the new council members , as veteran politicians stepped down in both the anti-establishment and pro-Beijing campus .	8	Noun
Things started to change in October 1777 when British forces under the command of General John Burgoyne surrendered in Saratoga in the north of the state of New York .	26	Adposition
Pour out some vodka from a bottle to make room for Skittles .	9	Noun
I do know that this will change the face of America .	7	Determiner
It called a " ploy " the assertaion that the attack was merely on foreign fighters at Fallujah .	16	Adposition
Then I sat on the couch , placed one hand in the cage , holding a millet spray .	10	Adposition
When you create a link , Access will automatically set the ConnectionString property based on the contents of the connection file .	1	Pronoun
Dr. Obina told me that his office closed at noon and that I should call him on Monday .	10	Conjunction
Then , this month , it said that it opposed moves to refer Iran 's nuclear stand - off with the International Atomic Energy Agency to the United Nations Security Council .	10	Noun
You company and services will be recommended by us to everyone . "	8	Pronoun
This past week marked the opening night of an Andy Warhol exhibit at the University of Southern Indiana .	1	Adjective
In my opinion , people should be hesitant to contribute to websites where you only have the " right to leave . "	20	Verb
Still , one cannot avoid the uneasy feeling that , when all is said and done , the contribution of recent technological innovations to long-term growth in living standards may be substantially less than the enthusiasts claim .	13	Participle
Eon ’s fixed rate tariff costs £ 760 and Avro Energy customers would pay around £ 760 for its Simple and Select tariff .	17	Adposition
It s prettty much the same $$$ , please advice !?????!!!!	9	Verb
Argentina intend to press ahead even given the concern about taxes , etc .	2	Particle
After I discovered a rich seam of internet discussion on the subject , my list had grown inordinately long and covered almost every state in the union .	15	Verb
He was friends with Théophile Gautier and Pierre - Marie - Charles De Bernard du Grail De La Villette , and he knew Victor Hugo .	3	Adposition
It resulted , however , in the abandonment of important pieces of heavy artillery , and it remains a matter of historical debate why the railway to Flensburg was never properly used for the evacuation .	34	Noun
If ever in Sicily please take the time to visit Anna Maria Jose Mudo and her familia .	15	Pronoun
Like most of us I was a little skeptical and little worried about the legal aspects of it all .	13	Determiner
This was to be Balzac 's life work and his greatest achievement .	9	Determiner
can ever & never forget the training undergone here which made my life step onto the successful job without any hurdles .	3	Adverb
On 1 October 1961 , the formerly British Southern Cameroons united with French Cameroun to form the Federal Republic of Cameroon .	10	Verb
I have done a fair amount of metal casting , but never tried to build my own furnace , but I think your version is just too small and does n't get hot enough .	11	Adverb
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum	6	Conjunction
A common way to play is to make the snitch a person , and give the snitch a head start to run and hide in defined boundaries .	13	Conjunction
the Pole who had danced the gazatska became the man with whom he gravitated to a quiet corner so that they could talk about the curious grammar-structure of Gala and the Lambala group of languages .	2	Pronoun
I did n't end up buying my car here , but I did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me .	10	Conjunction
However , if you can wait til 2:00 pm to eat , go ahead and grab something and expense it !	9	Particle
( Kut is in southeastern Iraq and has an overwhelmingly Shiite population , who are on the lookout for Baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .	11	Noun
They know their job and you do not have to watch them to be sure everything is done right .	7	Particle
Will racial diversity find its way to Wyoming as some people are offered jobs there ?	11	Verb
In addition , when you choose to save the data as XML , you can specify that the data be transformed to a custom display format by using an existing .xsl file .	29	Adjective
The Banks that Ate the Economy .	1	Noun
Harry nodded and Dobby 's eyes suddenly shone with tears .	4	Particle
She still has some sort of scholarship but I am not for sure how much it pays .	10	Particle
The media routinely obscures the lines between terrorism and legitimate resistance , as the recent article by Daniel Okrent of The New York Times demonstrates .	22	Proper Name
See How to Be a Snitch in Quidditch for more information .	3	Verb
Now it is time to take the next steps and achieve even greater progress in our public education system .	11	Adverb
While the ominous possibilities of heightened Iraqi chaos , missiles in the Gulf , and Syrian involvement loom large if the US attacks Iran , all pale in comparison to the involvement of China in any US / Iran engagement .	0	Conjunction
Yes , she and her family were delighted to leave the communistic remnants in that country .	9	Verb
I will NEVER do business with Sun Toyota again .	3	Verb
( other items : chicken fingers , wings , asian pizza , and yam and regular fries )	16	Noun
The young were mostly dead , and the old men had been taken away , they told us , to learn important new things and to come back when they were ready to contribute fully .	33	Verb
I 'm still here . Sort of .	3	Adverb
SPLOID.com cited you on the topic of that priest conviction : http://www.sploid.com/news/2006/05/evil_priest_gui.php	5	Noun
All you need is 200 , but remember , the more you post , the more money you make !!	15	Adjective
It will examine technology options and new business models for transmission expansion .	1	Verb
I use propane with a blower and a burner I built http://www.mikegigi.com/meltmetl.htm and http://www.mikegigi.com/firehole.htm	12	Conjunction
Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer , or should this be more generic ?	11	Pronoun
Play your CD's , 8 - tracks , reel to reels , cassettes , vinyl 33 / 45's , and shellac 78's through this little integrated amp , you 'll get a big eye opener !	34	Noun
It s important to their religion that they only consume Halal food .	9	Verb
I have worked with Shannon as my massage therapist and intuitive bodyworker for years and have never been disappointed .	9	Conjunction
Even if local Palestinian leaders remain strong enough to keep al - Qaida out , the festering Israeli - Palestinian struggle remains among the best recruiting posters for al - Qaida with young Muslim men .	8	Particle
We will have to study several indicators , which will enable us to see the current state of regional societies that are in a worse situation than others , and how they are evolving .	29	Conjunction
Another alternative is to give Murphy barrels at their 95,000 bpd Meraux , Louisiana refinery in exchange for the new production barrels .	4	Verb
Neither me nor my son have n't had a single cavity since we started dental care there .	7	Verb
They have always done a great job at a reasonable price .	4	Determiner
NORTH CAROLINA RELIGIOUS COALITION FOR MARRIAGE EQUALITY	0	Proper Name
We would highly recommend the El Paradero on your next trip to Santa Fe !	3	Verb
I caught the third day of Corey 's Jeopardy run last night here at the office ( yes , I had to come back after the play ... I love my job ! ) .	10	Adjective
An analysis of 65 bird species in the United Kingdom shows about one - third are laying their eggs four to seven days earlier than they did 25 years ago .	23	Adverb
Mr. ARCHIBALD : I mean , at that time , I was 28 ; George would have been 25 or 26 .	10	Pronoun
Ah , sir , this is a danger you must not face !	11	Verb
please print all these for me .	1	Verb
Bush did not have his eye on the ball .	6	Adposition
Thane and I also visited with him .	3	Adverb
I found them and purchased both from a gallery in London , William Weston .	0	Pronoun
I normally do n't write reviews but seeing that I considered Dillards a distinguished , upscale place to shop , this one wo n't be getting my business , nor my family 's , nor my co-workers .	0	Pronoun
Try to ensure there is an al dente bite to the germ , in the same way as pasta .	16	Noun
Peggy Banczak is the ENA lawyer who handles Mexico .	6	Pronoun
It pleased him to watch it leave his mouth in gusts , disperse , and take on new definition as the light caught it .	10	Noun
Mine learned to " go to the bathroom " only in their cages and loved to ride on my shoulder or hang out in my hoodie pouch .	23	Adposition
It is the largest town on the island and has the largest share of accommodations .	11	Adjective
But I am also happy to not go , as long as someone collects more animals on my behalf !	15	Noun
His excursions through the city had taught him to understand the connectedness of inner and outer .	8	Particle
As part of the 19 th - century evolution of the novel as a " democratic literary form " , Balzac wrote that " books are written for everybody " .	1	Noun
Because he spent no more than five or six months on a novel , for the rest of the year he was free to do as he wished .	22	Adjective
In the 20th century , between 1904 and 1914 , Antonio Gaudí brought about a reform that lasted ten years .	12	Verb
And there are an estimated 200,000 cases of yellow fever annually , leading to 30,000 deaths worldwide .	12	Masdar
If it becomes apparent that you cannot open either of your two parachutes , or that for some other reason they are fatally non-functional , then the following steps may be of some minor assistance .	14	Conjunction
They do n't do certain things that are really annoying about other offices .	3	Verb
Everland Resort : http://v2.cache7.c.bigcache.googleapis.com/static.panoramio.com/photos/original/42661265.jpg?redirect_counter=2	1	Proper Name
It 's a little hard to parse , but at this point his ostensible view is that the Gateses are very good money - redistributors , and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible .	22	Noun
Talked to the little mother - to - be .	3	Adjective
Thanks ,	0	Noun
I had sonic in many other palces but for some reason this sonic is always just covered in grease and not good ... :(	21	Adjective
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of May 1 .	15	Noun
As he did not have a window seat he did not see the bush and the earth red as brick-dust and the furze of growth along the river-beds :	24	Noun
Bland and over cooked .	1	Conjunction
Like William Shakspere RAPHAEL ( the painter ) died on his April birthday Laura & Bridget 's day :	2	Proper Name
I did n't expect to react that way , but when I was looking around my workplace in Nashua , New Hampshire , and everyone else looked pretty much like me , it was really very eerie .	5	Verb
Congratulations — by seeking help , you 've already demonstrated more self-awareness than the vast majority of online flirts .	8	Adverb
Enron will guarantee delivery by the 20th of each scheduled Dispatch Period and accept supply to the 15th of each scheduled Dispatch Period .	10	Noun
If I had to take over the English-language services tomorrow , you know what I 'd have to do it with a bunch of Lambala and speakers from the vernacular sections and some refugee school-teachers from South Africa .	17	Particle
i mean a 2 day stay was a ok stay even tho the manager looked like he was chineze and that we only slept and went out from 8 to 7 to see New York .	33	Proper Name
At this point , our IT contacts are backpedalling a bit and suggesting they can overcome the TIBCO and Terminal Server problems .	16	Determiner
I go every other week for the shallac / gel manicure which is only $ 25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks !	12	Verb
Yet all you read about at the time was the arrest of the son Ahmed Abdul Qadoos , who receives a stipend from the UN for being officially low - IQ due to lead poisoning .	0	Conjunction
And that s my reason why you should choose a parakeet over a finch .	11	Adposition
He had never mentioned his Gringotts bank account to the Dursleys ; he did n't think their horror of anything connected with magic would stretch to a large pile of gold .	20	Participle
( 2 ) This right may not be invoked in the case of prosecutions genuinely arising from non - political crimes or from acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations .	30	Adposition
With the price caps gone , the generators filed paperwork with federal regulators justifying higher costs .	0	Conjunction
ya i really would n't bother with the yoga	7	Determiner
Anyway , that 's another story , said Wentz .	5	Noun
Russia announced a suspension of the contract at the beginning of October .	11	Proper Name
Because series 1 is no longer the old one , many users can save 100 euros .	2	Numeral
For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e. U.S. and U.K. branches ) .	17	Adposition
By 2050 , undernourishment would increase by either 49 percent or by 27 percent , depending on the scenario .	10	Conjunction
We understand that it is important that the two institutions - Parliament and Commission - cooperate and work together and that the current cooperation with the Committee on Regional Policy , and in particular the transport group , is magnificent .	19	Conjunction
Basing letters on objects ( pictographs ) is an easy way to start a writing system .	12	Verb
But you cannot repeat mistakes because the world is not built on repetition ; it ’s built on mutation .	3	Verb
Today , expansive ruins can be viewed there .	2	Adjective
Very professional , talented , unic and fresh work .	8	Noun
At that time , one in three visits to the site came from BBC News , and the website increased to number 3 in the company Hitwise UK 's Lifestyle-Religion category .	14	Proper Name
They do n't let just anybody do it .	6	Verb
Some rich builder and his wife were coming to dinner and Uncle Vernon was hoping to get a huge order from him ( Uncle Vernon 's company made drills ) .	25	Particle
He allowed his boy – an overfed young negro from the coast – to treat the white men , under his very eyes , with provoking insolence .	10	Determiner
to distribute copies or phonorecords of , display publicly , perform publicly , and perform publicly by means of a digital audio transmission Derivative Works .	15	Adverb
That private wealth can easily be funneled into aid for the Palestinians and for Lebanese Shiites .	15	Proper Name
Although it is often alleged ( without much evidence ) that Saddam Hussein gave money to the families of Palestinian suicide bombers and so encouraged asymmetrical warfare , it is not clear that he actually posed a danger to Israel .	28	Pronoun
The media has tended to overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word " domestic " the word includes a US - based , highly - educated supporter of the militant islamists .	20	Verb
The Ukrainian crisis may prove helpful , though that appears less likely now – which may be a good thing to the extent that one unintended consequence could be a loan to Ukraine that is larger than it really needs .	2	Noun
cats react to the treatment they receive , they are not toys .	1	Verb
Pour out some vodka from a bottle to make room for Skittles .	6	Noun
" We called her the inventor of the 89 degrees .	2	Verb
I shopped it around and they were extremely competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my tires which should extend the life and get me better gas mileage .	1	Verb
The palatial home of the family of conquistador leader Montejo can still be seen on the south side of the Zócalo or main square .	8	Noun
Al - Qaeda in Afghanistan was a group of only a few hundred " Afghan Arabs " who pledged personal loyalty to Usamah Bin Laden .	0	Proper Name
After this weekend , we will no longer have access to the estate files , these people will be able to help you with any of your questions .	22	Pronoun
You can transform the native XML data into a specific Access format by choosing from the options in the Import XML dialog box .	14	Adposition
It seemed to be a kind of soundless laughter , a joke that stopped short of its punchline , a generalized mirth that had no object .	23	Verb
Have a realistic but exaggerated setup .	1	Determiner
What matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving Spain out of Iraq .	3	Conjunction
and I was going to take charge of a two-penny-halfpenny river-steamboat with a penny whistle attached !	11	Adposition
It is all very unique and you wo nt find any other baby wearing the same stuff .	7	Verb
Then an engine man from the Balkans said , " In our village we nailed owls to the church door when we caught them . "	19	Noun
The units may only work for a short time because mice can become used to them . [ 4 ]	8	Noun
em ... no ... the Gates foundation mainly invests in medical research and education , that means donating now adds a tremendous value compared to donating in ten years .	8	Verb
Within Fort Lee , the main attraction would be its collection of restaurants .	12	Noun
ps I may have to come back to work for a 615 call	8	Noun
Mr President , I support the main proposals of the report concerning the administration of the Structural Funds and the Cohesion Fund for the period 2000 - 2006 and the main recommendations of the report which include the following :	27	Numeral
Mrs Weasley and Ginny were going to a second-hand robe shop . Mr Weasley was insisting on taking the Grangers off to the Leaky Cauldron for a drink .	26	Determiner
During their various collaborations , it is not clear who between the two conceived of some stylistic solutions in the arrangements that later on characterised both artists ' style .	25	Determiner
Although it is highly built up , Fort Lee also houses many playing fields and recreational parks as well as bike and running trails .	14	Conjunction
33 - Percentage of the $ 15 bn Bush pledged to fight Aids in Africa that must go to abstinence - only programmes .	4	Determiner
I liked it so much there I ended up doing a PhD and I 've been working on social insects ever since .	0	Pronoun
his Captain Ahab in Moby - Dick is a classic tragic hero , inspired by King Lear .	3	Adposition
He moved across the river to Southwark by 1599 , the year his company constructed the Globe Theatre there .	0	Pronoun
" " Balzac 's characters " , Robb notes , " were as real to him as if he were observing them in the outside world .	21	Pronoun
Just so you could carry on tinkering with all that Muggle rubbish in your shed !	13	Pronoun
If anyone is interested in listening to this song , and in offering their opinion , whether it be positive or negative , I 'd appreciate it .	18	Verb
We look to the Commission to deal with points in relation to additionality .	5	Particle
The warm chocolate cake was very tasty , but served at room temperature , not warm by any stretch of the imagination .	14	Adverb
The below site from the US government verifies this - it 's the same for Canada , too .....	13	Adjective
I googled Garage Door Repair in Woodinville and found NDI - Johnette answered the phone and was oh - so pleasant and helpful !	14	Noun
During the holiday , he began an extra-marital affair with the young girl , which he admitted shortly after .	0	Adposition
Strain out the Skittles using a filter , such as a paper coffee filter or a clean t-shirt .	13	Noun
Cultural differences do exist , and so I do not understand why there should not be mandatory provision for exemptions .	7	Pronoun
I have also looked at the photo galleries for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants and I have narrowed it down to three establishments .	5	Determiner
And a portion of each package or memorial purchased goes to a charity on their database .	11	Determiner
I felt as if I was in an over priced Olive Garden .	10	Proper Name
This would be on a walk - in basis as we want to have the freedom of finding a place that looks good ( Not relying on pictures from the internet ) and is in a spot we like .	2	Verb
And for ' Smartwolf ' above , think about the inversion principle being employed .	1	Adposition
40,000 - Number of soldiers in Iraq seven months after start of the war still without Interceptor vests , designed to stop a round from an AK - 47 .	7	Numeral
No , the luxurious facilities and fun filled activities in the Disney cruise are very attractive to people of all ages .	2	Determiner
If you have received it in error , please notify the sender immediately and delete the original .	14	Verb
i am going out tonight to get wasted if anyone is interested .	3	Adverb
The terms of office of the Members thus appointed shall expire at the same time as those of the Members in office at the time of accession .	16	Pronoun
We 'll have four bands , and Big D is cookin' ..... lots of fun and great prizes .	12	Noun
( 25 ) Surveillance authorities should exchange information on the measures envisaged within the scope of this Directive with a view to improving surveillance of the market .	17	Noun
Pack one room at a time if possible , and start with items that are least often used .	0	Verb
Hitchcock preferred to work with the best talent of his day — film poster designers such as Bill Gold and Saul Bass — who would produce posters that accurately represented his films .	16	Adposition
After these successes , he signed a contract with Team Telekom and moved in with his girlfriend in Merdingen in Südbaden , where he lived until 2002 .	16	Noun
China 's strong hand in this even extends to the diplomatic realm ; China is a permanent member of the United Nations Security Council , and could veto any actions against Iran proposed by the United States .	30	Adposition
And her last name , Nguyen is a typical Vietnamese family name ... anyone ?	5	Proper Name
It is possible to establish the phase of the moon on a particular day two thousand years ago but not whether it was obscured by clouds or haze .	6	Noun
Trust me and most especially trust and believe in yourself .	4	Adverb
I had no difficulty in finding the Company 's offices .	5	Participle
Well , the job is done , one asks nothing more but to fold one 's tents .	15	Particle
2000 - Year that Cheney said his policy as CEO of Halliburton oil services company was " we would n't do anything in Iraq " .	2	Noun
US and NATO military officers in Kabul say it is too early to say whether Bush ’s tough message was instrumental in persuading Musharraf and the ISI to pressure the Taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections .	24	Conjunction
Why do I put aside Israel and its own immediate neighborhood ?	10	Noun
The unions have been very combative and on several occasions have called for the repeal of the legislation that Fátima Báñez is proudest of .	15	Adposition
In the summer , Georges and his wife returned to Switzerland , accompanied by Rosane , an 18 year old who was the daughter of one of Germaine 's friends .	22	Determiner
I have used Just Like Family several times now and they have provided great care for my two dogs .	13	Adjective
La Peau De Chagrin , among his earliest novels , is a pessimistic tale of confusion and destruction .	6	Determiner
( You can enter most nightclubs with proper clothes , that is , no sneakers , no shorts )	8	Noun
I tried to calculate the IRR on the port Aransas and Roma post offices .	4	Determiner
But even if my phone was broken , that does n't explain the real problem .	13	Adjective
His body was not accustomed to this new freedom , and for the first few blocks he walked at the old shuffling pace .	11	Adposition
She was Rebecca , Rebecca Edwards , like a big , untidy schoolgirl in her cotton shirt and sandals , the car key on her forefinger jingling harassedly .	2	Proper Name
I would like to draw people 's attention to Amendments Nos 1 and 2 which were agreed by the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs but not accepted by the Committee on Regional Policy , Transport and Tourism .	26	Particle
We can meet at Hyatt Regency Downtown ( Smith Street ) .	8	Proper Name
Al - Qaeda in Afghanistan was a group of only a few hundred " Afghan Arabs " who pledged personal loyalty to Usamah Bin Laden .	21	Adposition
I realize that it may sound strange , but we are desparate in our efforts and are willing to try anything to help our dear sick friend .	18	Particle
hey that 's a great blog , I also have a site about los angeles online dating	7	Pronoun
The Chatham Islands consist of the main island , Chatham Island itself , with a population of 600 , smaller Pitt Island with about 40 inhabitants , and a number of rocky outcrops .	20	Proper Name
Starting in February , you will be able to export the data , as opposed to using the spreadsheets .	16	Masdar
Waiting to be summoned to the customs officers ' booths , the companions of the journey ignored each other .	4	Adposition
He may have been seen in Hamilton , Canada -- along with Egyptian al - Maati , who apparently also has received pilot training .	21	Verb
He sat down in his living room and looked at the walls .	8	Verb
Place a cotton ball under or near your garbage can to deter mice from getting into it .	14	Masdar
For them , dating would normally be meeting in groups or parties , then pairing off .	5	Adverb
Later do it again .	0	Adverb
Again , despite a rising chorus of concern from researchers , political markets have seemed frozen .	12	Noun
However , what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans and attack the ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful Clear and Defend operations .	26	Pronoun
The crew of the Shenzhou VI spacecraft was identified as Fei Junlong , 40 , and Nie Haishen , 41 , by China 's official news agency .	1	Noun
I understand how competitive the process has become , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , personality , extracurricular activities , etc. that this would compensate for my disability .	26	Conjunction
I have spent the afternoon looking around from menu to menu ...	6	Adverb
Last time I got a medium rat it was a girl and my snake handled her easily .	9	Determiner
Even civil servants at national and local government level in Britain are not allowed to get involved in electioneering as the Commissioners are doing .	12	Particle
If you move the line downward , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line below remains constant , and the perpendicular line above the moving line lengthens .	18	Adverb
His 1835 novel Le Lys dans La Vallée features a cruel governess named Miss Caroline , modeled after his own caregiver .	16	Participle
This may be around 1 / 2 of their full adult size , probably 4 - 5 " for those guys .	13	Adverb
When most of the food or drinks I got only included two !	11	Numeral
This operation would only consolidate the terrorist acts in the world and would not bring peace to the region , " the message claimed .	17	Determiner
When my server crashed , Greg worked from 7 PM until 4 AM and had my company up and running the next morning .	19	Masdar
In Varanasi I do n't know .	3	Verb
As he examined the yoyo , he could hear the child breathing beside him , watching his every move .	8	Verb
Two bombs were also sent to Leavenworth , where a key WTC 1993 defendant was imprisoned , addressed to " Parole Officer . "	12	Numeral
However , despite their child 's severe illness , and her lack of improvement , the Sams continued to shun conventional medical treatment , instead seeking help from other homeopaths and naturopaths .	20	Adjective
Boutique stores dealing in children 's clothing / gifts are often outrageously priced ( who wants to pay 40 dollars for a newborn onesie ? )	16	Particle
But European approval of the raid would endanger the plans of France for a new international order .	6	Verb
How are you doing ?	2	Pronoun
Warhol was close to important touchstones of the 1960s , including art , music , consumer culture , fashion , and celebrity worship , which were all buzzwords and images Wikinews observed at USI 's opening exhibit .	35	Verb
Both the reports before us today represent further necessary steps along the same road .	2	Noun
As such , instead of accepting that the world behaves randomly and at times totally averse to one 's preferences , the arrogant person seeks to control everything and everyone , which of course , is an impossible mission .	38	Noun
I found an injured pure white bird ( dove I guess ? )	10	Verb
But , without strong domestic support for change , the impact of such meetings is limited .	7	Noun
such a great idea this was , so easy to load and pack , no ramp , no step up no back aches .	15	Noun
On the one hand , it should pressure Musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " Legal Framework Order " that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .	18	Adposition
If I have a criticism of the Legal Affairs Committee 's opinion , it is that it is too one-sided .	11	Noun
When making a writing system , take a break about every five minutes and come back to it or all your letters will begin to look identical .	21	Noun
By then , he was sufficiently well known in London to be attacked in print by the playwright Robert Greene in his Groats - Worth of Wit :	22	Noun
When we arrived at 5 , and left circa 7 , there were the same 4 or 5 empty tables surrounding us .	11	Pronoun
Still , there are questions left unanswered .	3	Verb
Hey , Mr. Computer , you ca n't log an email in to your sister ?!	0	Interjection
So we " lost " some weapon ?	0	Adverb
It would have been more than one could bear !	3	Verb
i would n't bother with yoga i 'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem , ride bareback , with no irons , there s also a way to ride on your knees ?	30	Verb
It was , in a curious way , an extension of what he was at the official receptions where many people had little idea who the white stranger was , sitting in a modest place of honour ;	30	Participle
... I ve been living in Fujairah my entire life and I must say that it is developing in a good way .	1	Pronoun
News coverage of the president ’s years in the Guard has tended to focus on one brief portion of that time — to the exclusion of virtually everything else .	18	Adposition
The only way to know for sure is to call 611 , or your cell phone help line , and ask .	9	Verb
They treat there employees with respect and concern and expect that they will extend the same politeness to there customers .	0	Pronoun
B&B came out very quickly to give us our quote back in June .	4	Adverb
The programme has also contributed to the activities of 50000 creative or performing artists and other specialists in the cultural sector .	3	Adverb
Some of the corporate also get cheap air tickets because they tie up with some of the airlines for a certain period based on the discount and services they get from the airlines .	6	Adjective
Brought my wife Deb with me and she like the Fried Crab Wontons and said they were good ..	2	Noun
My cat is a outside cat but she loves it inside .	2	Verb
Rather than asking a question , you can also simply offer your comments on these things .	2	Verb
We will fight with them about who owes the $ 200 k that James mentions below based on their failure to " assist " us in managing the cost .	19	Noun
Just east of Broadway and continuing north and south is Oakland 's famous Chinatown , and that to get the real essence of " Chinatown , " Oakland rather than San Francisco is your best bet .	21	Noun
My dog has been sick for about 3 days now .	4	Adjective
Let 's discuss exactly what is involved here -- confidentiality , etc .	9	Noun
Exercises all the glands and limbs from head to toes .	2	Determiner
Anyway , lots of fun meetings today .	4	Adjective
The next meeting of the CAEM Board of Directors will be held on Wednesday , September 12 , at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington , DC .	15	Proper Name
Bose is not good	0	Proper Name
As such , instead of accepting that the world behaves randomly and at times totally averse to one 's preferences , the arrogant person seeks to control everything and everyone , which of course , is an impossible mission .	32	Adposition
" That kind of a financial incentive [ ... ] will be sufficient to allow substantial providers to emerge , " Griffin said .	22	Verb
This Amendment amends the Transaction Fee referenced in subparagraph ( c ) of the Fee Schedule to the Subscription Agreement .	14	Noun
My new address will be : Mary Hain Senior Regulatory Counsel ISO New England Inc.One Sullivan Road Holyoke , MA 01040-2841 ( 413 ) 535-4000 mhain@ISO-NE.com	15	Proper Name
But best is obviously photoshop CS5 or if you r on a macbook there s aperture :)	7	Conjunction
Addressing the OAS , Amin had provoked laughter and applause among the delegates by saying that the hostages were as comfortable as they could be in the circumstances surrounded by explosives .	14	Participle
I think that in this kind of structure there is a very gradual clarification of the relationship and the forth going on .	0	Pronoun
( He is 92 pounds ) He does not listen to any commands , but my major problem is that he will not go outside on command , or even with me .	7	Verb
We inherit our mode of appreciation from the Victorians , from a time of safety and leisure , when dinner guests knew better than to smoke after the main course , when Levantines were Levantines and culture was still culture .	19	Noun
It represents a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely human .	9	Conjunction
They could not find any cafes or food shops that provided Halal prepared foods .	5	Noun
Great Limos company int he DFW fort Worth Metro area .	8	Noun
Security in the hotel seemed to be excellent , but we were never given an explanation as to why someone would open these items .	12	Adverb
However , if they have been vomiting numerous times , then the blood could be due to irritation of the stomach and intestines .	15	Adposition
one was strong and healthy , while the other was emaciated , shackled , carrying the baggage of disease , and confronting the massive barrier of malnutrition .	2	Adjective
Can you help me interpret this statement and work through the numbers on my account .	7	Conjunction
We orderd our meals anyway , chimichangas , jalapeno borritos , and quesadillas .	0	Pronoun
I honestly have no idea what to expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of the embassies costs by the minute - which I really do n't have the money for .	10	Adposition
Eventually , a trickle of support appeared for bringing the predator back to its former home range in the northern Rocky Mountains .	14	Adjective
Please note that date and time are subject to change ; please check local listings .	3	Noun
They have minor leaguers at second and short , and Brooks ca n't keep his mind on the game .	2	Adjective
Would not recommend I Was in a fair amount of pain for several weeks .	0	Verb
Should we all get together and make a conference call to Dominion like we did before or should I just call Jeff Davis myself ?	21	Proper Name
I hope everything went all right and that Harry is okay and that you did n't do anything illegal to get him out , Ron , because that would get Harry into trouble , too .	12	Conjunction
" As an example , consider the treatment of the civet cat , a highly intelligent and sociable animal .	7	Noun
Digital Photos - use your camera to document the contents of boxes .	6	Particle
The next item is the joint debate on the following statement and oral question :	1	Adjective
Otherwise , I will assume you will book the two tickets .	3	Verb
It was just as though I had been let into some conspiracy – I do n't know – something not quite right ; and I was glad to get out .	7	Participle
I have had all three of my children attend Lake Forest Tots .	1	Verb
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company ' Moore Noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics .	30	Determiner
China 's wider aggression to secure oil and gas was the greatest threat to its international standing in the next decade .	16	Noun
actually i have an project on it so please give me as much as you have information about migratory birds in punjab	19	Noun
I got a riding lesson today on one of my boss 's fino horses and it made me realize just how unsteady my left leg is .	22	Pronoun
Our citizens cannot accept that the European Union takes decisions in a way that is , at least on the face of it , bureaucratic .	0	Determiner
I may have to postpone again , I 'll let you know later this morning .	5	Adverb
Personal experiences of discrimination and bias have been the focus of much social science research . [ 1 - 3 ]	3	Noun
In the scented , mothy evening she felt the presence of the house like someone standing behind her .	9	Noun
Gas Accord II Settlement Participants :	1	Noun
It 's a little bit like Achilles and the turtle .	9	Noun
Meanwhile , the European Union and China are pressing to close their own deals in Asia and elsewhere .	13	Noun
--- $ 10 million is provided for Centennial Challenges .	5	Verb
A bit pricey , so I did n't go very often , but it was always a treat when I did .	16	Determiner
Prices are reasonable , ( Kid s meals are around 4.99 ) and Wednesday's they have discount dinner prices , I believe .	20	Pronoun
I just have a few issues supporting my back and my left leg flops .	10	Pronoun
Here 's everything that flows from 5/1/01 forward .	5	Adposition
Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer , or should this be more generic ?	4	Verb
not if there 's no preparation of replacements being done in the meantime .	4	Determiner
The rapporteur has pointed out to the House that in its common position the Council has accepted six of Parliament 's ten amendments put forward at first reading and that the substance of Parliament 's other amendments has been retained .	11	Adjective
Have you had any knowledgement about pearl pigment .?	4	Noun
ReportML is a " language " developed by Microsoft and specific to Access which can be used to describe Access database objects in XML .	18	Verb
USI 's exhibit , which is located in Evansville , Indiana , is to run from January 23 through March 9 .	19	Proper Name
As he emerged from the subway and entered the great hall , he saw by the clock that it was just past four .	9	Adjective
I have never seen this car before until this lady at wal mart had it and she told me she got it here and that everyone was so nice to her .	29	Adposition
When to go : Climate is an important consideration .	6	Determiner
Adolf Hitler even held an exhibition of ' degenerate art ' in 1937 , while curating a parallel show of ' Aryan ' art across the street .	15	Verb
With regard to the aspects of euro protection , where the responsibility belongs to the Member States , expertise was systematically sought in their specialised services .	4	Noun
It contains a tiny lagoon , which has all but dried up .	6	Pronoun
You have many names to choose from .	3	Noun
Afterwards as the evening faded he cleaned the gun almost by feel and the clean , practical smell of gun-oil conveyed the simple satisfaction of the task .	21	Determiner
Not only had he been sent back to the beginning , he was now before the beginning , and so far before the beginning that it was worse than any end he could imagine .	11	Pronoun
Celebrities , fans and even CNN reporters are dressing up like " Stranger Things " characters this holiday .	10	Adposition
The impact of factors like poverty , maternal literacy , sanitation , and housing conditions on children 's health – and , in turn , on social and economic outcomes – is well documented .	2	Adposition
Again and again he wonders how accurately his chronicler will record his adventures .	11	Pronoun
It is a hub for American Airlines and Southwest Airlines .	5	Proper Name
Friendliness of staff The Liberty and Mariner of the Seas both get high grades .	10	Determiner
" Inhibitory systems are essential for controlling the pattern of activity in the cortex , which has important implications for the mechanisms of cortical operation , according to a Yale School of Medicine study in Neuron ....	3	Verb
Pat had told me before he left that it would help me better grasp the process as a whole .	6	Verb
The purpose of these CRTC hearings is to field responses from industry stakeholders and the public .	4	Proper Name
i want to hook up with that girl paige in the brown leather jacket .	4	Adposition
Staff is under educated .	3	Adjective
The opinion must be expressed when the vote on the full text is taken in committee .	5	Conjunction
Continue two blocks to Hubbard and take another right .	3	Adposition
Surgery visit timings were always made to suit me and not them and they gave me the feeling that I mattered and was important to them .	0	Noun
Dr. Fortier and his girlfriend lashed two canoes together and paddled eight kilometres along the Soper River .	3	Pronoun
In Brazil , a television program on the role that folic - acid supplementation could play in the prevention of spina bifida ( a congenital neural tube defect ) immediately grabbed politicians ' attention .	10	Adjective
Thank you , Mr Donnay .	4	Proper Name
Email : " TJO " < ded69...@hotmail.com >	0	Noun
Who is artist Gunther Uecker ; explain ?	6	Verb
34.6 m - Number of Americans living below the poverty line ( 1 in 8 of the population ) .	13	Adposition
When you copy an exterior line , the new line is located halfway between the line you copied and the nearest line parallel to the line you copied .	13	Adposition
The media has tended to overlook the fact that when the FBI uses the word " domestic " the word includes a US - based , highly - educated supporter of the militant islamists .	0	Determiner
In a simpler world , where innovation simply meant lowering the cost of production of , say , an automobile , it was easy to assess an innovation 's value .	18	Determiner
She died from infection caused by severe eczema after they shunned effective conventional medical treatments for homeopathy , a form of alternative medicine that has been described as pseudoscience .	18	Determiner
Christopher Columbus sailed across the Atlantic Ocean to the West Indies in 1492 , sparking a period of European exploration of the Americas .	6	Proper Name
Although it is highly built up , Fort Lee also houses many playing fields and recreational parks as well as bike and running trails .	19	Adposition
He said they are looking for people and based on what I told him an interview was a formality .	16	Verb
Here 's a great vegan cupcake recipe to use as a base for whatever flavored icing you want to add to it .	21	Pronoun
we made people very unhappy , and we made them unhealthy .	3	Adverb
They would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they do n't want 3 people in that small apartment .	19	Particle
In 1599 , two early drafts of sonnets 138 and 144 appeared in The Passionate Pilgrim , published under Shakespeare 's name but without his permission .	24	Determiner
When the male gets his titts out the female gets mad with him knowing he ca n't produce milk .	11	Adposition
A moment ago , Mr Vatanen spoke to us of lower temperatures , not of 20 degrees below zero , but of 40 degrees below zero .	21	Adposition
I shall be available on both days .	5	Determiner
International law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones , stands behind them and shoots with immunity and can not be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government .	8	Pronoun
For the first time in the last six years the rate of unemployment has dropped below 20 % , and there are already 600,000 more people employed than there were a year ago .	16	Numeral
The United States does n't believe the Iranian Government .	2	Proper Name
Whereas recognition of the inherent dignity and of the equal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family is the foundation of freedom , justice and peace in the world ;	29	Adposition
They said good night to each other in the bright slanting sun and the Bayley children were already out on the grass in their pyjamas , riding bicycles .	27	Noun
I think we should be capable of saying this loud and clear .	7	Verb
Thanks For A Great Job	2	Determiner
The unity of the Civilized World in fighting this horror is absolutely indispensable .	7	Verb
They have a land area larger than either the US or all of Europe .	2	Determiner
Theravada Buddhist monks are also supposed to avoid material temptations and as such , are not allowed to touch money , so offering money to a monk is considered to be a sign of disrespect in most Theravada Buddhist cultures .	26	Noun
Musharraf has always maintained that the US has never provided actionable intelligence about Taliban leaders hiding in Baluchistan .	7	Verb
But I believe that we should do all we can to keep the transport of dangerous goods to a minimum , in all countries , whether they are transit countries or not .	22	Determiner
I bought a beginner s quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts .	18	Adposition
[ This killing of a respected cleric will be causing us trouble for years to come . ]	14	Particle
" Nobody thinks that there will be a lot of oil and gas in this part of the world , " he said .	5	Verb
If you do n't mind mixed flavors , you can just skip this step altogether .	4	Verb
Musharraf held elections in October of 2002 , in which center - right parties did well , but in which nearly 20 percent of parliament seats went to the fundamentalist religious party coalition , MMA .	29	Adjective
There 's also an option to send emoji , GIFs , custom memes and stickers via the platform , and connect your Twitter feed .	1	Verb
I am vacation until the 22nd but Per is up to speed and I would like to make sure that you keep up with him and any HR / Legal activity that may occur .	22	Adposition
Our company is a high end designer handbag and fashion accessories company , thus we are certainly a niche market .	0	Pronoun
The act of moving from one place to another seemed to require all his attention , as though not to think of what he was doing would reduce him to immobility .	30	Noun
But so was it unlikely that a small group of Arab mujahidin would virtually take over Afghanistan .	3	Pronoun
We should include ISDA energy definitions , CFTC matters re energy and an overview of power deregulation developments in North America .	15	Noun
It was a woman who opened the apartment door .	2	Determiner
( Do n't wish to use Wikipedia again , it 's just easier than spending time looking up more obscure and detailed information . )	3	Verb
An hour later , as he climbed from the number 4 bus at 70th Street and Fifth Avenue , he still had not answered the question .	11	Noun
Auster looked the check over carefully and nodded .	1	Verb
According to senior counter terrorism officials , both here and abroad , among the supporters of these militant islamists were people who blended into society and were available to act when another part of the network requested it .	7	Conjunction
Working with a timer is generally regarded by most experts as being one of the best ways to develop self-discipline and stop procrastination .	8	Adjective
I have participated in all the weekend beta events and the world preview .	8	Noun
A great philosopher once said , muttered Quinn , that the way up and the way down are one and the same .	13	Conjunction
In Texas , BP shut its 460,000 barrels per day refinery and Marathon shut its 72,000 bpd plant .	4	Verb
It is also the largest .	3	Determiner
He has clearly gone on enjoying killing people on a large scale in Iraq .	7	Noun
Paris was born in Switzerland but her parents moved her to the United Kingdom when she was six so they could be closer to the church 's headquarters .	11	Determiner
If Iran and Syria - with their significant armaments , missile technologies and suspected chemical weapons capabilities - decide to engage with the relatively undersized US force in Iraq , our troops there will be fish in a barrel .	24	Adjective
Records of Shakespeare 's property purchases and investments indicate that the company made him a wealthy man .	15	Adjective
The following have made a team for the game show on August 17th !.	6	Adposition
At the moment , Germany has a massive surplus in its balance of trade with the rest of the Union , something like 25 billion .	7	Adjective
that is precisely the time when you may , if you wish , raise this question , i.e. on Thursday prior to the start of the presentation of the report .	4	Noun
These included run-on lines , irregular pauses and stops , and extreme variations in sentence structure and length .	5	Adjective
After I discovered a rich seam of internet discussion on the subject , my list had grown inordinately long and covered almost every state in the union .	24	Adposition
Ok so i spoke to the vet and he said the give him white rice and boiled chicken but only a little at a time .	1	Adverb
I really want to like this place since I work right around the corner .	4	Verb
My first three children were born in Southern Ontario cities .	5	Verb
They are professional , knowledgeable , and take meticulous care and pride in accomplishing their work .	10	Conjunction
I would look for hours at South America , or Africa , or Australia , and lose myself in all the glories of exploration .	9	Conjunction
If Iran and Syria - with their significant armaments , missile technologies and suspected chemical weapons capabilities - decide to engage with the relatively undersized US force in Iraq , our troops there will be fish in a barrel .	2	Conjunction
The problem is that these factors are not amenable to isolated public - health interventions .	5	Noun
Electromagnetic fields and their effect on people are subjects that have come up for debate with increasing frequency in recent years .	2	Conjunction
( Only recently have a few experienced State Department Arabists been allowed in to try to begin mopping up the mess . )	4	Determiner
If you 're dead set on starting your own glowstick business ( worse ideas exist ) , try websites like Alfa Aesar [ 1 ] or Sigma Aldrich [ 2 ] for supplies .	10	Noun
It is a glorious idea . I know the wife of a very high personage in the Administration , and also a man who has lots of influence with , &c. , &c .	20	Adverb
He gained further reputation at court once he was dispatched as an envoy to the Khitan Liao Dynasty in the summer of 1075 .	16	Proper Name
i reccomend you to go and enjoy their wonderful hospitality .	1	Verb
Andrzej Wajda 's movie , Promised Land based on a novel by the Nobel laureate Władysław Reymont , depicts those times and is a worthwhile introduction to the city 's bustling history .	19	Determiner
Is the old Devil attempting to disguise as good in front of people .	10	Noun
The doctor did tell me that my male pattern baldness is due to my mother s father because the gene is exclusively passed on through maternal line but that 's a common misconception ( http://www.consumerreports.org/health/healthy-living/beauty-personal-care/hair-loss-10-08/hair-loss.htm ) .	8	Noun
We 'll need to update the numbers for the offer we made to S.D. last week .	15	Noun
When dinner 's over , you take Mrs Mason back to the lounge for coffee , Petunia , and I 'll bring the subject round to drills .	12	Noun
She was , however , reading a book , a paperback with a lurid cover , and Quinn leaned over ever so slightly to his right to catch a glimpse of the title .	28	Determiner
Your love life will thrive for most of the year , and any relationship begun or reaffirmed in 2005 is very likely to be a lasting one .	20	Adverb
The young man said , You are from Gala district .	7	Adposition
The oldest known historical reference to the city is to be found on an inscription of conquered sites at Thutmose 's temple at Karnak .	16	Verb
It was the salon experience from absolutely Hell .	4	Noun
( 12 ) Although a comprehensive approach to environmental performance is desirable , greenhouse gas mitigation through increased energy efficiency should be considered a priority environmental goal pending the adoption of a working plan .	6	Noun
His eyes were permanently fixed on the pavement , as though he were searching for something .	6	Determiner
why do you think i should get one of those ?	5	Verb
Do n't blame him please , he feels lonely and wants to show his attention to all of you to look after you , please forgive and sympathy if he miss something .	0	Verb
I fell asleep thinking about how I wished that the Scathalos outrunners were gone .	11	Noun
We have already recommended you to some of our friends !	9	Noun
I do nt go there anymore	3	Verb
what 's your opinion ?	0	Pronoun
Seeking common ground with my wife ( a laudable desire ) , he tells her that he too is Rumanian by origin .	1	Adjective
He was an unshaven little man in a threadbare coat like a gaberdine , with his feet in slippers , and I thought him a harmless fool .	4	Adjective
He walked a hundred yards or so up the road , and , meeting a man on a bicycle , greeted him in the language that had come back to him as he lay in the room .	25	Pronoun
Does your train pass Asansol when starting from Howrah ?	2	Noun
The interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections , but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 ( or so ) balloting centres .	14	Noun
The Europeans do not need their current level of representation , and the positions and voices of middle - and lower - income countries should be strengthened .	25	Verb
I shoot a t1i and have n't had such an issue .	10	Noun
To a certain extent , this reminds me of my previous activity in the Committee on Budgets and in the Committee on Budgetary Control .	7	Pronoun
We read about six hundred to eight hundred headline ideas on a Monday coming from our staff and a small group of writers outside — a contributing core .	14	Adposition
But for those of you tempted in that direction , please look up Carter 's Tabas operation .	1	Adposition
From there , walk one hour along the cliff , and you will discover a Souffleur , kind of geyser due to the pressure of the sea .	24	Adposition
Moving back to Calgary in about a month which is a little sooner than I thought I would be going back but when opportunity knocks you got ta go .	8	Pronoun
In Design view of a form or report , create a grid of lines .	5	Noun
If Samarra and other cities are any guide , those pockets of resistance could go on bedeviling the US for some time to come .	21	Noun
$ 101 m - Amount Lay made from selling his Enron shares just before the company went bankrupt .	1	Numeral
I must say , I was impressed with the size of the bar area and lounge , & I liked that you could see the brewery right thru the glass !	27	Adposition
Even after September 11 , it seems that most of the Western World does not yet understand this weapon .	15	Adverb
It was a very trying time for my family and myself yet Mike took the time to greet each and every one one of us .	4	Adjective
A great silence around and above .	4	Conjunction
Kiara Perkins , a second year USI art major , admitted she was willing to skip class Thursday night to attend the opening exhibit but then circumstances allowed for her to attend the exhibit .	16	Noun
Maybe if you post the question again , someone will give you a good answer .	8	Pronoun
How are chants of death and suicide ... morality .	2	Noun
" It was about how he could humiliate her the most , " prosecutor Dean Mandros said in closing arguments .	13	Noun
IEP will be hosting a dinner for California Governor Gray Davis on Thursday , December 7 , 2000 at the historic Julia Morgan House in Sacramento .	17	Numeral
Environment Minister John Baird has asked government officials how such documents that are supposed to be stored in " approved security cabinets " wound up on the street .	20	Noun
That said - he seemed to be doing well enough .	3	Pronoun
looks like it is rearing its head again in Louisianna ..	9	Proper Name
My husband has been a professional chef , so he is a good judge of quality food .	3	Verb
Respondents were allowed to choose one response from 11 categories .	8	Numeral
A young woman leaned her elbows on it and her white breasts pursed forward within the frame of her arms .	5	Noun
Many of his plays were published in editions of varying quality and accuracy during his lifetime .	11	Conjunction
And do you want to do it on a Saturday or Sunday ?	8	Determiner
best burger chain in the Chicago area ?	4	Determiner
Michael Gapinski Account Vice President Emery Financial Group PaineWebber , Inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 Fax : 713-654-1281 Cell : 281-435-0295	16	Numeral
So that alarms me , because there 's quite serious potential for adverse effects and brain damage in the next generation of children born in this country , " he said .	6	Pronoun
Then human feelings , human experience , the human form and face , recover their proper place the foreground .	17	Determiner
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions : Please do not transmit orders and / or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account ( s ) by e-mail .	20	Noun
ANSI-92 SQL query mode is only supported in the 2002 file format .	11	Noun
Ideally , we would like a fast turnaround .	6	Adjective
About how Access searches for reference libraries	6	Noun
You can filter a field to display only data that matches the value in a selected cell .	15	Adjective
What ’s funny to a group of 20-year old college students may be very different from what makes your 70-year old - uncle laugh ( then again , maybe not ) .	16	Pronoun
Eugene A. Nida ( November 11 , 1914 – August 25 , 2011 ) was a linguist who developed the dynamic-equivalence Bible-translation theory and one of the founders of the modern discipline of Translation Studies .	20	Proper Name
NASA celebrates 30th anniversary of first shuttle launch ; announces new homes for retired shuttles	12	Adposition
But , while Marx 's belief that capital and labor were substitutes , not complements , was a mistake in his own age , and for more than a century to follow , it may not be a mistake today .	14	Noun
Mr. President , as a Nobel Peace Prize recipient and as one of the fathers of the modern peace process in Israel , do you still think that there is a future to the peace process ?	26	Verb
Why has there been no fire drill , either in the Brussels Parliament buildings or the Strasbourg Parliament buildings ?	11	Proper Name
I honestly have no idea what to expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of the embassies costs by the minute - which I really do n't have the money for .	19	Determiner
No more than a general impression – even though he was there , looking at those things with his own eyes .	11	Adverb
' Bush fails reporter 's pop quiz on international leaders	3	Noun
China launched Shenzhou VI , its second manned spacecraft , early today in northwest China 's Gansu Province .	10	Adverb
You could look at yourself , turning to catch different angles and say “ All right , all right , now we ’re talking , ” very loudly .	0	Pronoun
The marches on the 12th of July are only really attended by protestants in the Ulster but in spite of the are the largest attended paraded in Ireland .	11	Adposition
My purpose was to stroll into the shade for a moment ; but no sooner within than it seemed to me I had stepped into a gloomy circle of some Inferno .	14	Adverb
After its progress had stalled in the Billboard 200 at No. 96 , Thought 'Ya Knew climbed to No. 31 in the UK , but the album charted for only two weeks in the UK .	13	Verb
We also know how Dan Rather libeled George Bush and impugned his service in the Texas Air National Guard on a " 60 Minutes II " report based largely on forged documents .	18	Proper Name
He also pointed out that Rogers recently introduced a new app tool that helps customers monitor their data usage .	4	Conjunction
Tom 's group would like to know if we have any interesting in buying the crude on either a fixed or floating basis .	17	Conjunction
Yuan Shikai , the President of the Republic of China , considered the new republic to be the successor of the Qing .	17	Determiner
He had spent the afternoon preparing for this visit as carefully as if he were preparing for an exam .	14	Verb
In the end , his health fails and he is consumed by his own confusion .	14	Noun
As he passed the door to the living room , Harry caught a glimpse of Uncle Vernon and Dudley in bow-ties and dinner jackets .	19	Adposition
Oh but you should , Mrs. Wentz said , almost dreaming .	9	Adverb
he told me he was going to be the first African at the bar here .	11	Adposition
ALITO filed a dissenting opinion , in which SCALIA and THOMAS joined as to Parts I through III .	6	Adposition
This is not your usual cheap hotdog place .	0	Pronoun
There must be strict rules in abattoirs to maintain the highest levels of hygiene .	10	Adjective
Shaking , Harry let Dobby out of the wardrobe .	8	Noun
Here is the link to the latest commercial laptops on the market , I will follow up with the consumer models .	7	Adjective
His plays have been translated into every major living language and are performed more often than those of any other playwright .	11	Verb
The euro was the most audacious of those symbols – a construct of dubious economic value , with well - documented fragilities .	18	Adverb
Still , one cannot avoid the uneasy feeling that , when all is said and done , the contribution of recent technological innovations to long-term growth in living standards may be substantially less than the enthusiasts claim .	31	Adverb
an annotated text of the bill , read the article by D. Singmaster in " The Mathematical Intelligencer " v 7 # 2 , pp 69 - 72 .	15	Determiner
You were just in front of me when we got out in Rome .	12	Proper Name
3 Primary key fields	0	Numeral
Angry crowds chanted anti-American slogans in the western city of Falluja ( pop. 256,000 ) as the security police killed in a friendly fire incident by US troops were buried on Saturday .	30	Adposition
The former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein is refusing to enter the Baghdad courtroom , in protest at how his trial is being conducted .	0	Determiner
I mean that was discussed in U.S arms control journals , that they would have to regard as a potential threat to their strategic deterrent , meaning as a first strike weapon .	11	Conjunction
At some point , I 'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close ?	26	Noun
On par with Google Adwords on a cost - per - lead and cost - per - customer basis .	7	Noun
The community center has dance , yoga , and other exercise classes , offers open gym hours for basketball or other recreation .	14	Adjective
An example of severe eczema .	1	Noun
Would n't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves , or to talk their sons into doing it , if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor ?	21	Pronoun
what r the requirements to apply for a delay birth certificate in canada ?	0	Pronoun
Purchase Beavertail cactus seeds .	1	Proper Name
The Spanish trains and the Istanbul bombings are only the beginning .	1	Adjective
Our citizens cannot accept that the European Union takes decisions in a way that is , at least on the face of it , bureaucratic .	20	Noun
awesome bagels	1	Noun
As you sit above the world , the warmth of the golden sun penetrates your body and makes you feel warmer and warmer .	15	Noun
Even my PA i went to the other day said " it must by comforting to have gone to a heart surgeon like him who will do nothing for you " .	9	Verb
A third - party majority is needed , specifically the votes of 367 MPs ( out of 550 ) , whereas 330 votes are required in order to trigger a referendum .	12	Numeral
Please do n't mention my NY trip to anyone .	3	Verb
Balzac 's health was deteriorating by this point , making the completion of this pair of books a significant accomplishment .	15	Adposition
Mr President , with your permission I should like to begin by expressing my admiration for the way in which you executed the quick changeover of the chairmanship just now during the debate .	27	Noun
As noted earlier , all analyses were weighted according to the survey weight provided by the Add Health research staff and standard errors were corrected for the clustering and stratification that defined the sampling strategy .	7	Participle
After these successes , he signed a contract with Team Telekom and moved in with his girlfriend in Merdingen in Südbaden , where he lived until 2002 .	12	Verb
We are so disappointed because we have dropped six points playing at home .	8	Numeral
I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .	21	Verb
Net to Eco about $ 3,300,000 ( Enron 50 % share about $ 1,650,000 )	11	Adverb
That he missed a physical ?	1	Pronoun
There 've been three other managers since then .	0	Pronoun
The painting is based upon the hymn called , ' A Charge to Keep . '	3	Verb
However , the money made from the mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you and me asking to be included in that list .	5	Adposition
Everything is white and hospital-like but there ’s no examining couch .	7	Verb
The only real feeling was a desire to get appointed to a trading-post where ivory was to be had , so that they could earn percentages .	8	Verb
Seekers try to tackle the snitch ( a person ) or obtain an object attached to the snitch such as a sock or flag .	17	Noun
This has been an ongoing concern for the five years that I have been a Member of this Parliament , and I have raised the issue time and time again .	13	Participle
Construction was underway at the mosque in order to enlarge the mosque and improve crowd control , which has been a recurring problem during Mecca 's pilgrimages .	20	Determiner
Since 1973 , Le Monde has openly taken the side of the Arabs in their struggle with Israel .	9	Noun
" You 'd have to do everything their way , no options given . "	4	Particle
The pass mark could change .	0	Determiner
On the other hand though , if I 'm a client he should really of called back by now because you do n't leave a customer hanging .	16	Adposition
I 've toured this place and was impressed by how clean the place was , and all the options for the dogs .	13	Verb
We have been blessed to find Elite Flyers online and would not use anyone else to handle our postcards , posters , etc .	11	Particle
Some board members pushed to have Winter removed , but there were concerns such action would lead to more chaos , the governor 's spokesman Maviglio said .	21	Determiner
I lived in one that did not face the parking lot .	9	Noun
If you can smell the cupcakes earlier , check to make sure they are n't browning earlier ( this means they 're more than ready ) .	13	Verb
The article by Thompson assumes that the Maya were ultimately “ peaceful ” people since they lacked apparent defenses .	18	Noun
It is good that , in establishing the present regulations , we can also be flexible .	2	Adjective
Other methods , such as the method adopted in 2005 , makes the snitch a tennis ball in a sock , hanging out of the running shorts of the snitch runner .	0	Adjective
He was very prolific but very business minded about that . "	6	Noun
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1 - 2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything .	10	Adposition
Did a great job of removing my tree in Conyers .	3	Noun
It might just be coincidence or the fact those great big trotters with those extremely long backs lost a bit of fine coordination to get those gangly bodies around those tighter turns .	27	Noun
Carol St Clair	2	Proper Name
Little children are raised on deep hatred and on admiration of so - called martyrs , and the Western World does not notice it because its own TV sets are mostly tuned to soap operas and game shows .	6	Noun
Two Australians , who by their own admission are terrible golfers , bluffed their way into a premier golf tournament in North Korea .	1	Proper Name
By dumping some portion of their reserves , these countries could put the dollar under intense pressure and send U.S. interest rates skyrocketing .	6	Noun
territory is very important to cats , and they are very nervous when they go into a new place - a new house could be full of predators , or unknown menaces - well at least he thinks so .	26	Adposition
What inspired you to create a cocktail after the santorum neologism ?	10	Noun
For two weeks he had been tied by an invisible thread to the old man .	12	Determiner
He hires someone to translate it for him into Spanish ,	5	Pronoun
No meat on Burger and too much pepper .	3	Noun
So there is no question of closing down , there is a question of the practical discretion of the committee .	17	Adposition
also make sure you print this out NOW , so you can get the information off of it , as you will need it .	7	Adverb
" So you 've talked to her about me . "	2	Pronoun
Gaining recognition as an expert in the field , she took those skills back to the Radium Institute along with a small disc of polonium .	22	Noun
It 's probably not a wise idea to keep studying and having a massive student loan .	14	Noun
The men said ' My dear fellow ' and did nothing .	5	Adjective
Then , the next morning , when we , among many other irate guests , asked to speak to the owner , he refused to do so .	9	Adposition
Nida brings in the reminder that while there are no such things as " identical equivalents " in translating , what one must in translating seek to do is find the " closest natural equivalent " .	18	Verb
You know the barbers under the mango trees there just before you get to the second-class trading area ?	7	Noun
Office 2002 site license ( user does n't have Office 2002 installed on computer , but user 's organization has an enterprise or site license agreement )	0	Proper Name
So you 've finally learned the days of the week .	8	Determiner
The amendment to the Directive on today 's agenda does not therefore affect the existing harmonisation of the transport of dangerous goods in the community .	2	Adposition
I 'll try to get back to you pronto .	8	Adverb
Anyway , so that was 2 days ago that I called and left a message , but he still has n't called back yet .	17	Pronoun
Any use of the work other than as authorized under this license or copyright law is prohibited .	10	Determiner
When the ship passed Stromboli at night , there was a streak of crimson lava flowing from the volcano and the sailors would n't leave the television set to look at this natural phenomenon .	17	Determiner
We support the introduction of a European quality mark , which takes account of animal welfare and the environment .	11	Verb
The meeting was pushed together by the CIA and the US Defence Department who were desperately anxious to secure a peaceful election in Afghanistan and the non-interference of alleged Pakistani backed Taliban .	6	Determiner
I brought a car in to have the " check engine " light diagnosed back in March of 2010 .	14	Adverb
Whereas Member States have pledged themselves to achieve , in co - operation with the United Nations , the promotion of universal respect for and observance of human rights and fundamental freedoms ;	20	Adposition
ANSI-89 is the default setting for a new Access database in 2002 and 2000 file format .	7	Adjective
Please let me know what is possible , and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions ( 978-376-9004 ) .	20	Noun
" He 's hanging out with the celebrities , and has kind of become the same sort of celebrity he was interested in documenting earlier in his career " , Wilkins said .	30	Proper Name
If you use this cage it 's best to remove the wire shelves altogether and replace it with hammocks and the like .	14	Conjunction
The painting is based upon the hymn called , ' A Charge to Keep . '	4	Adposition
The mind becomes strong and sharp .	1	Noun
Add onions , peppers , mushrooms , or any other type of desired vegetable or herb into the saucepan ( optional ) .	12	Adjective
No , it 's really not , so it 's really important to be able to get as a many international trips throughout the year to continue our improvement .	7	Conjunction
Upon arrival at the school , however , it became clear that the children were not accustomed to playing with puppets and that the data collection would be a novel experience for them .	29	Adjective
In the meanwhile there are still broken families that should have been safe in the home of the brave .	14	Determiner
Tet made it clear that the war was a long way from being over if the Americans thought they could preserve the South and that the North was perfectly willing to suffer great losses to continue their fight .	30	Particle
We now know that Bush and his administration came into office obsessed with Iraq .	13	Proper Name
They would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they do n't want 3 people in that small apartment .	9	Adverb
When I finally found someone at the desk who could speak English , they moved our room , but we still did not receive the single queen we had " reserved "	27	Pronoun
By the time of Romeo and Juliet , Richard II , and A Midsummer Night 's Dream in the Mid-1590s , Shakespeare had begun to write a more natural poetry .	4	Proper Name
He concluded that a man determined to disappear could do so without much trouble .	13	Noun
They have the best rates and GREAT customer service .	8	Noun
Do n't forget punctuation !	3	Noun
The man was looking at him , even studying him , and if recognition did not flicker across his face , it still held something more than a blank stare .	24	Pronoun
She was way easy to work with and made my wedding day so easy and she got some amazing pictures , not only of me , but of my family and friends .	28	Pronoun
An example of a desert island would be the small islands off the coast of Baja California , Mexico .	6	Verb
With development of Microsoft 's Internet Explorer 9 ( IE9 ) browser almost complete , Microsoft announced on Friday that it is time for IE6 users to move away from the antiquated 10-year-old browser .	27	Verb
Many neo-pagan religions , such as Wicca , use aspects of ancient Greek religions in their practice ; Hellenic polytheism instead focuses exclusively on the ancient religions , as far as the fragmentary nature of the surviving source material allows .	35	Determiner
In Agra I 've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended , they found it in the Rough Guide .	13	Verb
Additional cost will be incurred for the remainder of this year , that I have not been able to review yet .	6	Determiner
For example , I actually forgot to feed my cat , and they went out of their way to take care of him .	6	Particle
Iraqi cities such as Fallujah and Ramadi were on the truck route from Amman to Baghdad , and so came under the influence of the Salafi movement , which is popular in Jordan .	13	Proper Name
Why do n't we meet in Diagon Alley ?	7	Proper Name
By return email , please verify that you received this message and let us know if there is another email address that you prefer us to use .	19	Noun
After execution , we will forward a final copy to you for your files .	7	Adjective
This would not only apply to entertainment content , but equally to education , to scientific research and , perhaps most importantly , to political discourse .	25	Noun
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1 - 2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything .	14	Noun
i would n't bother with yoga i 'd practice more with riding and fixing my problem , ride bareback , with no irons , there s also a way to ride on your knees ?	29	Particle
This commitment is important because the Commission is a body with a monopoly of initiative in accordance with the Treaties and , therefore , basically dictates this Parliament 's political and legislative activity for the next five years .	26	Determiner
Except at the beach or at sacred sites normal western dress is acceptable for both men and women , except that you should avoid clothing showing a lot of skin .	3	Noun
Youth would be an ideal state if it came a little later in life .	12	Adposition
You 'll be able to use your 1 - 4 years of experience with Toxic Tort to complement your desire to stay with the firm .	0	Pronoun
Perfect Location plus	2	Conjunction
If it finds a matching value name , Access loads the reference from the path specified in the corresponding value data .	15	Participle
Construction was underway at the mosque in order to enlarge the mosque and improve crowd control , which has been a recurring problem during Mecca 's pilgrimages .	9	Verb
Pewter is perfect for what you are doing , and it melts on a stove top .	12	Adposition
That 's good . :)	1	Verb
Perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing Zahav was going to be golden as its name suggests ( and as the many golden reviews seem to attest ) , we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience .	15	Conjunction
Until Romeo and Juliet , for example , romance had not been viewed as a worthy topic for tragedy .	5	Adposition
There is no passenger train service to Tulsa .	1	Verb
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch .	6	Pronoun
Michael helped shoot the majority of my firm 's website and we could not have been happier .	3	Determiner
The Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts made two donations to USI Art Collections , in 2007 and a second recently .	6	Proper Name
It is the real thing - I have been practicing Pilates for over 7 years and would not go anywhere else .	9	Verb
Mweta broke away and jumped into the taxi .	0	Proper Name
Their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive .	2	Verb
If you have children or are just a real animal lover yourself you 'll love this zoo .	5	Verb
It was about two years from when Frank sent me specimens to when we got the paper out .	8	Verb
I apologize for the following inconvenience , but I have decided to move this group to Yahoo , so that we can post files and photos and other useful things .	15	Adposition
Keepers guard the goal posts at each end and attempt to block chasers ' attempts at scoring .	12	Noun
Please Nkrumah Road .	0	Interjection
7 - Number of Arabic linguists fired by the US army between mid-August and mid-October 2002 for being gay .	3	Adposition
Would it be possible to persuade others to agree with what he said , even though they did not believe him ?	15	Conjunction
I worked with Sam Mones who took great care of me .	4	Proper Name
He saw the argument for making the call , and at the same time he saw the argument for not making it .	14	Pronoun
‘’ Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , ” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan ’s National Security Directorate .	36	Proper Name
It s simply not just a case of avoiding pork , alcohol and only being allowed to eat halal prepared meat , but the kitchen and its utensils should not have been used for prohibited foods .	8	Verb
Groups : alt.animals.rights.promotion , alt.animals , alt.animals.cat , alt.animals.ethics.vegetarian , alt.animals.lion , alt.animals.tiger , alt.animals.felines.diseases , alt.animals.dog , alt.animals.horses.breeding , alt.animals.felines.snowleopards	10	Noun
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	0	Pronoun
And that s my reason why you should choose a parakeet over a finch .	8	Verb
And European countries can barely look after their own common interests , let alone the world 's .	5	Verb
If you graduated you were assigned a fighter , if you were not quite fighter pilot material you had no response to fly another aircraft , you were washed out .	9	Conjunction
( 1 ) Everyone has the right to work , to free choice of employment , to just and favourable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment .	8	Noun
The 1609 edition was dedicated to a " Mr. W.H. " , credited as " the only begetter " of the poems .	5	Adposition
But if -- there 's a painting on the wall in the Oval Office that shows a horseman charging up a steep cliff , and there are at least two other horsemen following .	30	Adjective
Both the engagement and wedding pictures that he took for us we absolutely amazing .	7	Pronoun
Thank you for you patience .	0	Verb
Yer a mess ! said Hagrid gruffly , brushing soot off Harry so forcefully he nearly knocked him into a barrel of dragon dung outside an apothecary 's .	1	Determiner
Can you offer comments / concerns / guidelines ?	2	Verb
Ramesses , logistically unable to sustain a long siege , returned to Egypt .	8	Noun
Making his way through the press of oncoming bodies , Quinn made a tour of the numbered gates , looking for hidden staircases , unmarked exits , dark alcoves .	17	Noun
Those currently listed as invitees are PUCT Commissioners and Ercot 's Sam Jones and Tom Noel .	3	Adposition
6 . Capitalize the word " facility " in the definition of Average Annual Load Factor .	3	Determiner
All of the doors tend to look alike and having ' something ' on your door helps you and your kids find your room easier .	15	Noun
She was instructed to destroy the agreement and another would be forwarded to her with the necessary corrections and re-wording of Section 7 .	11	Verb
We order take out from here all the time and we are never disappointed .	11	Verb
Now my car s gears and brakes have never run so well ... ever it s like driving a new car .	4	Noun
The Debaathification Commission had been pushed by Ahmad Chalabi and his Iraqi National Congress very hard , and had pushed many Sunni Arabs into the arms of the guerrillas .	25	Noun
The current study is too small to make strong conclusions with regard to cultural differences and experimental methods ;	10	Adposition
I go out of my way to use Air France .	1	Verb
He recovered and was released from the hospital on April 11 , becoming the first serving U.S. president to survive being shot in an assassination attempt .	3	Verb
China is seeking the construction of a pipeline from Iran to the Caspian Sea , where it would link with another planned pipeline running from Kazakhstan to China .	1	Verb
I was born and raised in Toronto , which has a huge West Indian ( Trinidadian , Jamaican , etc ) population .	1	Verb
Crosstab queries calculate a sum , average , count , or other type of total for data that is grouped by two types of information – one down the left side of the datasheet and another across the top .	11	Adjective
In other places , it may mean increasing women 's access to markets , or introducing labor - saving tools to help them get the highest yield from their land .	24	Determiner
There is not much snow , just a few inches each year , typically , although in 2007 and again in 2008 there were rather large " ice storms " .	4	Noun
The Commission accepts all of the contributions of the parliamentary committee and the rapporteur , Mr Koch , which are contained in the various amendments , specifically four .	7	Adposition
There could have ( hopefully does n't have ) major damage to the engine .	13	Noun
This is one of the best farms I have ever been too .	6	Noun
yet to understand the effect of it on me you ought to know how I got out there , what I saw , how I went up that river to the place where I first met the poor chap .	16	Adverb
The reason for it is because people were fighting for our land , either defending it or extending it , because that was the main source .	14	Verb
Despite the aftershocks I would recommend going to Christchurch , just for the experience and then you can see first hand how things get effected by earthquakes .	16	Pronoun
This was to be Balzac 's life work and his greatest achievement .	1	Verb
Sara	0	Proper Name
" But architecture can build a bridge between the living and the dead and , to some extent , blur the boundaries . "	17	Noun
Raw data is on the fisrt tab of the file to the right .	11	Determiner
Pools The Mariner of the Seas and Liberty both had salt water pools - which most cruise ships have .	15	Adjective
Of course , I do understand that modern - day Germany must be separated from the Nazi regime .	3	Pronoun
Quick to take money but not quick to fix a problem !	3	Noun
It was a bit experimenting connections between the language and the music and the psychology of people .	10	Determiner
Compounding this is the well - based suspicion that Syria has perhaps the most advanced chemical weapons capability in the Persian Gulf .	4	Adverb
He had been staring absent-mindedly into the hedge – and the hedge was staring back .	0	Pronoun
There was no ceiling and he looked up into the pattern of a spider 's web made by the supporting beams of the roof .	11	Adposition
Last week , Federal District Judge Lynn Hughes in Huston , Texas , threw out Wilson 's two - decades old conviction .	3	Proper Name
This happens when you question ( or at least seem to question ) their appearance , intelligence , athletic abilities , or anything else relating to their self-image .	27	Noun
Personal appearance is very important in Thailand as a measure of respect to other people .	4	Adjective
Well , that would be sad .	2	Pronoun
I am only familiar with Morton 's and Ruth Chris .	4	Adposition
So anyone looking for an Excellent night out for Chinese or maybe just lunch should stop in and try it because I promise you 2 things --- You wo n't regret it !!	23	Pronoun
PLEASE DO N'T USE THIS MOVING COMPANY IF YOU DO N'T WANT TO : CRY , HAVE TROUBLE AND A BAD EXPERIENCE ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE .	12	Particle
Their head of nature policy , Jeff Knott , stated : “ I ’d be amazed if either a ban or licensing was introduced off the back of it ” .	12	Pronoun
He would arrive early , never later than seven o'clock and sit there with a take-out coffee , a buttered roll , and an open newspaper on his lap , watching the glass door of the hotel .	8	Numeral
It is situated in Yorkshire , North Yorkshire , England with some of the best preserved historical buildings and structures in Europe .	9	Proper Name
This is not the first time that developing countries have been hit hard by abrupt mood swings in global financial markets .	16	Noun
With these clinics , we hope to initiate a stream of DH activities in Dutch universities , making access to support easier for new digital scholars .	23	Adjective
The " History " section of the site explains , in a satirical fashion , that the incident was prompted by the Church of Scientology 's attempts to remove a promotional video featuring Scientologist Tom Cruise from YouTube .	31	Noun
The loss of this opportunity caused serious discord in the Balzac household , although Honoré was not turned away entirely .	18	Adverb
The overall amount was 6500 tonnes of canned tomatoes .	2	Noun
I plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions committee that I can compete at the graduate level .	31	Determiner
I 'm unsure of this , because once I watched a commercial of cat food with my cat and she did n't react to seeing another cat on TV .	2	Adjective
That the Iraqi Islamic Party is now contemplating leaving the Allawi government raises the question of whether a mass Sunni Arab boycott of the elections is in the offing , thus fatally weakening the legitimacy of any new government .	4	Proper Name
Individuals or entities who have received Derivative Works or Collective Works from You under this License , however , will not have their licenses terminated provided such individuals or entities remain in full compliance with those licenses .	31	Adposition
The United States truly no longer has time for faulty analysis or politically - based preconceptions .	4	Adverb
Attached for your review is a blacklined version of the : ( a ) Schedule and ( b ) Paragraph 13 to the ISDA Master Agreement .	4	Verb
On September 24 , 1944 , a group of Japanese ships were sunk by American warplanes in Coron waters as the ships retreated from Manila Bay .	8	Adposition
We had 30 guests for the event , and everyone came away from the evening impressed with not only the food , but the outstanding service as well .	18	Adverb
All offices also have free copies of Yucatan Today , a helpful weekly Spanish-English publication listing all events in the city and the surrounding region .	6	Adposition
# 4 ) Breakfast is 8 AM to 10 AM .	6	Noun
I would say if he does not call you back by friday call him again he could be playing hard to get ?	9	Adposition
There is an e-mail by Moussaoui , however , dated July 31 , 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to 6 months .	27	Verb
We have no way to estimate how many times we 've served it overall , but we 're now pouring around ten a night .	10	Verb
put her back in the room , and keep the door closed for a week .	1	Pronoun
In the 18 th and 19 th centuries , his reputation also spread abroad .	0	Adposition
Our community is full of volunteers from all over the world .	8	Adposition
it 's did you watch your girl on tv last night ?	0	Pronoun
I am going to try and study aboard but idk where I can go I can not decide where do you think would be the best place to go ?	18	Adverb
When I was ten my father already showed me some stuff in mathematics and the beauty and the imagination was quite apparent .	17	Determiner
Please do not hesitate to contact either Francisco Pinto - Leite or me with any questions or comments .	8	Proper Name
When you create the first custom group for a field , a custom group field is automatically added as the field 's parent .	13	Noun
They want to use LTS to tie into NASA 's vision for Space Exploration , and seem pleased that the White House is moving in that direction .	21	Proper Name
He was given to putting himself on strange mixtures .	8	Noun
It is close to bus lines for Opera Plaza , Galleries Lafayette , and the famous flea Market .	7	Proper Name
I WAS THERE ON MARCH 6TH , 2009 .	4	Proper Name
They want to use LTS to tie into NASA 's vision for Space Exploration , and seem pleased that the White House is moving in that direction .	12	Noun
Colorful lantern scenes not only fill the central square but also the surrounding 2 km circumference of the memorial .	4	Adverb
These agreements were forwarded to the counterparty , CCNG , Inc. .	5	Determiner
Most of the deals let you eat for 500 ff , and some of the deals are even free .	4	Verb
This company is overpriced for their services .	4	Adposition
Also we do not address calculation of a termination payment in the event of a change in law as the long form does -- again , more in the interest of " saving space " than anything else ...	21	Noun
The santorum neologism has inspired satirical forms of parody , including this political cartoon by Saturday Morning Breakfast Cereal webcomic artist Zach Weiner .	20	Noun
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair ( she only wanted one , however ) .	20	Adverb
Ineos is an English company which has a majority of its operations in the US .	2	Determiner
I wish I had the capital to open my own shop ?	8	Pronoun
" I hope that industry , if put to the test , can do better [ than the government ] , but I do not expect it , " Griffin added .	10	Noun
That was the name of his " autobiography " -- ghost - written by adviser Karen Hughes in 1999 .	13	Adposition
I was not happy with the way they looked , very wavy , uneven edges , and with the exception of 1 , there is a dip in the center of each nail .	23	Pronoun
Similarly , when you delete the last custom group for a field , the custom group field is automatically deleted .	14	Noun
Their service is top - notch and I especially love the free French champagne served even in Economy .	9	Verb
Warning	0	Noun
And whoever dwells in the past , does n’t understand the future because the past is full of prejudices , of commitments .	1	Pronoun
I will be in Sao Paulo on Monday , September 20 , 1999 .	3	Adposition
Muslims are required to make a pilgrimage to Mecca during their lifetimes , if physically or financially possible , as it is one of the five pillars of the Islamic faith .	6	Noun
Note that you are not required to link either a CSS file or an XSL style sheet to an XML document in order for Internet Explorer 5 ( and later versions ) to display the document .	9	Determiner
Malaysia and Indonesia have maintained a policy of turning away boats of migrants which , according to AFP , the Untied Nations and United States have both criticised .	8	Verb
A very good friend of mine highly recommended the Professional Driving School and I was told to specifically ask for Gerry .	9	Proper Name
the deal number is 814014 - why ca n't you see this ?	11	Pronoun
Middle Office have instigated a new daily working capital report process tracking cash settlement / funding data to working capital components for all Metals businesses .	7	Noun
The beautiful harbour opposite the main town of Neiafu ( known as the Port of Refuge Harbour ) is a common destination for yachties sailing the South Pacific .	24	Masdar
yet again it was a great stay from begiinning to end .	0	Adverb
Owing to its history , Łódź has an impressive collection of residential , commercial and industrial 19th-century architecture including some of Europe 's largest factory buildings , now mostly repurposed as shopping centres or lofts .	11	Adjective
Hackney 's has a great burger formula that started about 80 years ago .	1	Particle
The latter usually consider human beings a threat but the polar bear considers humans a snack , experts said .	0	Determiner
Or will the nearly year - round snow be too much for those who have never experienced snow in their lives ?	15	Adverb
" I have to congratulate Andy -- to get to No. 1 in the world that 's an incredible achievement , " the American said .	12	Adposition
The wires have been humming since before the New Year with reports that the Bush administration is planning an attack on Iran .	9	Noun
China was defeated , and in 1842 agreed to the provisions of the Treaty of Nanking .	11	Adposition
My oldest female and youngest male do this - I just grab the blender and pop in some other stuff for them like chicken liver ( cooked ) for the anemic one , some arthritis stuff for the oldest .	1	Adjective
I expressed , politely , the hope that the other attitude , the revolutionary one , would not be abandoned .	13	Adjective
I have wifi at my house , but that s just at my house ... is there any way i can buy some card to make the ipod itself have wifi ?	21	Verb
Or just purchase the Color ?	3	Determiner
This place is so great !	4	Adjective
Neighborhood Reinvestment Corporation ( NRC ) : is funded at $ 115 million , the same as FY04 and the budget request . "	1	Proper Name
However , I did not find her very helpful and her receptionist was rude .	11	Noun
“ Average age 62 , birth rate 0.22 , net immigration of half a million a year ” —	3	Numeral
Luckily I live very close , so I can abuse it during week - ends ...	4	Adverb
Nice and quiet place with cosy living room just outside the city .	3	Noun
There are far too many lazy people out there who think that they can sit around a job will fall in their lap .	4	Adjective
Just by talking to them ?	1	Conjunction
We 'd only met ten minutes before .	1	Verb
Founder Jack Smith got the idea of accessing e-mail via the web from a computer anywhere in the world .	3	Verb
But , given the rapid development of technologies of governance and control , the pessimistic view deserves attention .	15	Noun
Bill over at The Fourth Rail has an excellent essay on how the MSM and the UN , even the leftist countries in Europe , are basically accepting terrorist organizations as legitimate forms of a political party :	8	Adjective
Russia announced a suspension of the contract at the beginning of October .	4	Adposition
The following table lists the outcome of each view .	3	Verb
I first proposed , in the early 1990 s , that mycelium is Earth 's natural Internet .	4	Adposition
He described her as a " remarkable " and " loving and wonderful " woman who left her mark in the literary world with her stories .	18	Noun
In the beginning , there was simply the event and its consequences .	0	Adposition
I am no fanatical defender of profits for pharmaceutical industry multinationals .	5	Adposition
certainly they have n't much to offer when they look for jobs with the BBC .	2	Verb
I have no inside information , but I have been following links today that strongly indicate that Google is damn serious about securing permanent control of the leading edge browser technology in Firefox .	26	Determiner
Please see the message from Danny Jones .	6	Proper Name
Pursuing a successful career , along with the usual social and financial advantages , will be easier this year than it has in a long time for you , Leo !	15	Verb
This is not the first time deadly stampedes have taken place during the Hajj , with the deadliest stampede during the 1991 Hajj , in which 1,426 pilgrims were trampled .	27	Noun
" Well , you are a Jew , " he says .	5	Determiner
My page jumped out of bed as if crazed , looking more dead than alive , and you can imagine how I felt when he cried , “ They 're already being presented to the king ! "	33	Adposition
This may be an attempt to play dead , discouraging predators that prefer live prey .	9	Verb
Please do not go there if it 's professional , friendly , diligent medical services you 're looking for .	7	Verb
At some point in the not so distant future , the Houson and London credit departments need to speak in order that each understands the " philosophy " behind credit analysis for the omnibus and master transactions .	23	Verb
Good quality Indian food in a pleasant environment	0	Adjective
The call in number is 800.713.8600 .	1	Verb
Mr President , with your permission I should like to begin by expressing my admiration for the way in which you executed the quick changeover of the chairmanship just now during the debate .	5	Noun
Best jiu - jitsu mma in Santa Rosa and i have the experience and belt to back it up !	3	Noun
Remain calm and confident , and love is very likely to flourish in 2005 .	5	Conjunction
The flowers were all that I hoped they would be , I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all .	7	Pronoun
These amendments also fit in with this Parliament 's view that social exclusion is a serious issue needing constructive action .	14	Determiner
Given the chance your cat may only have one kidney , I would think the worst case scenario would be kidney disease , which untreated can lead to possible renal failure .	25	Verb
I hope they will be rejected because they are really the epitome of what Parliament is not able to do .	13	Pronoun
In the Kowloon East geographical constituency , pro-Beijing district councillor Wilson Or was elected with 51,516 votes , the highest in this constituency .	10	Proper Name
Most Fridays I 'm going to TRY to pick Michael up since I 'm away so much , which means leaving by 445 or so .	12	Pronoun
The Osage Trail is a rails-to-trails route that begins at the OSU-Tulsa campus and travels north 15 miles to Skiatook .	12	Noun
It is all about this very subject ... bars and food .	2	Adverb
This time it reached him , but he refused to believe that she no longer wanted to be married to him .	11	Conjunction
The enhanced US presence in western Afghanistan was only made possible after the ousting of Ismail Khan , the warlord and Governor of Herat province last month , who was a close ally of Iranian hardliners .	23	Proper Name
According to the Citizenship and Immigration Canada web site at http://www.cic.gc.ca/english/immigrate/skilled/assess/index.asp , it states " Note : you must meet the minimum requirements for your application to be eligible for processing . "	6	Proper Name
i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side .	19	Conjunction
We 're quite far from our goals currently , but we take comfort in the fact that every month wikiHow gets noticeably better and larger	17	Determiner
How will resources be allocated to care for the elderly , especially in slow - growing economies where existing public pension schemes and old - age health plans are patently unsustainable ?	17	Adverb
Clean store , friendly check - out staff up front .	7	Noun
U.S. officials have said the plot , thwarted by Britain , to blow up several aircraft over the Atlantic bore many of the hallmarks of al Qaeda .	22	Determiner
It s Really Good And The Rat Calculater Says Is Big Enough For 5 Rats , But I Would Put A Maximum Of 4 In It Really :)	6	Proper Name
According to a new study by the economists Robert Shapiro and Aparna Mathur , if India achieved Chinese levels of IP protection , its annual FDI inflows would increase by 33 % annually .	6	Determiner
" There should be no preferential access to government , or appearance of preferential access , accorded to individuals or organizations because they have made financial contributions to politicians and political parties , " the guidelines read .	26	Noun
He knew that they never left the farm ; instead , the world came to them in the shape of weekend picnickers and driveby tourists .	23	Adjective
Pursuant to your business question : we only hire nice people .	7	Adverb
I have not had good experience with travel agents .	4	Adjective
He was deposited in an office on the 33rd floor where a pricy church lawyer interrogated him for two hours . "	6	Adposition
A formal invitation will follow to those who respond .	0	Determiner
It would be similar to flying the flag of the Third Reich in modern day Germany or in Israel .	18	Proper Name
He would drink one for several months and then switch , for similar good reasons ( it was more digestible , it was less likely to produce an after-thirst ) to another .	24	Adjective
And I 'll be instructing the State Prosecutor to act when I 'd rather not , too .	12	Verb
Using this work arrangement , it forces you to take action , as you ca n't afford to waste any time . [ 2 ] .	7	Pronoun
A third narrative poem , A Lover 's Complaint , in which a young woman laments her seduction by a persuasive suitor , was printed in the first edition of the Sonnets in 1609 .	25	Adposition
A national of each new Member State shall be appointed to the Court of Auditors as from the date of accession for a term of office of six years .	9	Participle
The other day I took up a man who hanged himself on the road .	1	Adjective
She said quietly , We certainly did n't think we 'd be the proprietors of the Silver Rhino .	2	Adverb
This place is awesome , with a great ambiance and cool décor , and the food is scrumptious ( and especially their signature banana split ) .	17	Adjective
Have no fear , no hesitation , for Winning shall be it's reward !	11	Pronoun
I have a new born daughter and she helped me with a lot .	6	Conjunction
China 's accumulation of dollars is approximately $ 600 billion .	6	Adverb
But best is obviously photoshop CS5 or if you r on a macbook there s aperture :)	14	Verb
Also that , I heard in the next few years Fujairah would be as good as Dubai , is it true ?	5	Adposition
Harry stood in the kitchen , clutching the mop for support as Uncle Vernon advanced on him , a demonic glint in his tiny eyes .	2	Adposition
Best of all , there are no ads !!!! !	4	Pronoun
In some sense , Don Quixote was just a stand-in for himself .	10	Adposition
Last Year over 4 million visitors attended the event and this year the city expects about 6 million visitors according to the event website .	11	Noun
They estimated by 2050 , increasing population and changing diet would increase world food needs by 50 percent .	2	Adposition
We 're all set for 2:30 on July 12 .	8	Numeral
Just my opinion here - no judgement - getting your snake on frozen / thawed will prove to be much easier for you and safer for your snake in the long run .	17	Particle
Under the accord , a new northeastern provincial council was formed and the Indian army was deployed as peacekeepers in the north and east .	19	Adposition
$ 185 m - Amount raised by the Bush - Cheney 2004 re-election campaign , to the end of March 2004 .	19	Proper Name
He entered the University of Copenhagen in 1877 when he was 17 , initially studying law but not forgetting his language studies .	4	Adposition
There were light bulbs representing the stars and line drawings of the celestial figures .	3	Noun
Please deliver a copy to me as well .	5	Pronoun
Do n't know where else you can find Purple Hull Peas and some of the other sides .	15	Adjective
Gloria developed severe eczema at the age of four months and the parents were advised to send the child to a skin specialist .	0	Proper Name
At this stage it is more important to concentrate on assessing how we can use this process to steer Union regional policy , bearing in mind that the aim is to reduce regional inequality .	4	Verb
My overall impression was that he did n't seem as interested in the campaign as the other people who were working at the state headquarters .	3	Verb
Athens was just a small provincial village when it was chosen in the 1830s to serve as the national capital of the modern Greek State .	10	Verb
WHEN : JUNE 12 , 2005 , 2:00 P.M. TO 2:00 A.M.	7	Numeral
Currently , Mercury and Venus is conjunct and the conjunction is being closely aspected by Rahu .	4	Proper Name
So please update whatever you need to and go to	5	Verb
Monday , March 27 , 2006	2	Proper Name
I ca n't believe there are no serious metal fans who frequent RI .	5	Verb
You will run into significant difficulties if you do not have enough cash to pay this tax when leaving the country .	0	Pronoun
How do you feel about taking on another company ?	6	Adposition
Also , from their own webpage , reasons why NASA is important , in a 5th grade format .	2	Adposition
He was neither civil nor uncivil .	1	Verb
The last two nights I have dreamed of dogs in trouble .	6	Verb
Abby is our beloved friend , and we are trying to raise money for her any way we can , so this prize money is important to help her continue to receive her life - saving treatments .	24	Verb
putting the girl in her territory will make her feel less afraid , and she will relax .	1	Determiner
The Mate 9 phones lack an artificial intelligence interface , like the Google Assistant or Apple 's Siri .	8	Noun
As far ask I ’m aware our most unique custom would be the “ Country Wake ” .	0	Adverb
The differences may stem from copying or printing errors , from notes by actors or audience members , or from Shakespeare 's own papers .	16	Noun
The family 's attorney advises me that Aafia had no knowledge of chemicals ( and that would not appear to be her training ) .	12	Noun
Your reply is good and deserves something good in return .	5	Verb
In Europe , before the outbreak of the war , the Allies had significant advantages in both population and economics .	11	Proper Name
I 'm not sure that ENE @ 75 is the place , but maybe @ 73 .	6	Adposition
yet to understand the effect of it on me you ought to know how I got out there , what I saw , how I went up that river to the place where I first met the poor chap .	11	Particle
Then he began again , assuring me Mr. Kurtz was the best agent he had , an exceptional man , of the greatest importance to the Company ; therefore I could understand his anxiety .	24	Adposition
The authors of the Parnassus plays at St John 's College , Cambridge numbered him with Chaucer , Gower and Spenser .	7	Proper Name
Although not a resolver of the conflict , the French victory at the Battle of Marengo forced the Austrians to give Italy up for the second time .	5	Determiner
I can recommend some good restaurants since I took Ric there last year for his birthday .	0	Pronoun
It is clear that the payment will be made in shares .	8	Verb
I saw a high starched collar , white cuffs , a light alpaca jacket , snowy trousers , a clear necktie , and varnished boots . No hat .	24	Noun
The introduction of interim targets increases the predictability of the policy , allows for accommodating product development cycles and facilitates long term planning for interested parties .	6	Determiner
And he is not following me when I was walking .	9	Verb
Maybe if you post the question again , someone will give you a good answer .	6	Adverb
If democracy is just free elections , it is likely that the most fanatic regime will be elected , the one whose incitement and fabrications are the most inflammatory .	8	Verb
They wandered here and there with their absurd long staves in their hands , like a lot of faithless pilgrims bewitched inside a rotten fence .	0	Pronoun
73 - Number of times that Bush mentioned terrorism or terrorists in his three State of the Union addresses .	9	Conjunction
Universal Declaration of Human Rights .	2	Adposition
This is to advise you that we have available , for your business or personal use , Stan 's four ( 4 ) WNBA Comets tickets .	13	Conjunction
Cyclone Phailin has winds that have been measured at 200 km / h , as it surges over land will it begin to lose strength ?	20	Pronoun
Use an Extensible Stylesheet Language Transformation ( XSLT ) file to transform the data into an Access data format .	5	Noun
“ We face a lot of competition , and we think transit can help , ” said Joe Sternlieb , president of the Georgetown BID .	12	Verb
This year a newspaper claimed two UK firms were involved in a deal in which thousands of guns for Iraqi forces were re-routed to al - Qaeda .	18	Adposition
So they are still wearing them some four thousand years later .	1	Pronoun
In the end , these choices provide the greatest number of people with the best opportunity to share in the history and accomplishments of NASA 's remarkable Space Shuttle Program .	4	Determiner
Kayani is well known and liked in Kabul as during the last year he led the Pakistani delegation in the tripartite military meetings with the Afghan and US military on issues related to border issues .	29	Adposition
You have to take more into account the whole question of , not just giving aid , but fair trade .	1	Verb
Following the creation of the IMF in 1944 , many of the same decisions became routine , a lot less interesting , and much easier to implement .	9	Adjective
Ed. : See the LibriVox catalog for a full index .	9	Noun
We were familiar with Search Engine Optimization strategies , but new nothing about Social Media - we just heard that it was the next big thing .	3	Adposition
She looks at me and then at Renata , who is smiling , and finally submits uncomprehendingly .	0	Pronoun
this is why hooking your arms through the harness is essential .	5	Noun
Susanna is the best dress maker / tailor I 've ever come across in my whole life !	10	Adverb
I wholly agree , and would expand that statement to include : " To hell with death metal " .	4	Conjunction
Do n't do it , put it on a list and do it later .	12	Pronoun
It is registered as a UNESCO World Heritage Site .	8	Proper Name
But , while Marx 's belief that capital and labor were substitutes , not complements , was a mistake in his own age , and for more than a century to follow , it may not be a mistake today .	39	Adverb
Mark Anderson says that even though Bondad gas flowed , the price was Non-Bondad .	3	Conjunction
I have taken this tour and it was great .	5	Conjunction
the first part ( of four ) covers a span of six years , while the final two sections focus on just three days .	23	Noun
What results are two completely separate reviews of “ The Rains of Castamere ” which in turn document the fans ’ reactions to the episode in the form of user comment threads :	6	Noun
In 1623 , John Heminges and Henry Condell , two of Shakespeare 's friends from the King 's Men , published the First Folio , a collected edition of Shakespeare 's plays .	29	Proper Name
Gloria temporarily improved during the rare times they used conventional treatments , but they soon dropped them in favour of homeopathy , and she consistently worsened .	6	Noun
We are the downtrodden and dispossesed , the self - torturing , the disenfranchised convicts , drug and alcohol addicts , the unemployed and unemployable .	16	Noun
The US , for its part , relied on cheap goods made in China to stretch hard-pressed consumers ' purchasing power .	7	Verb
Rachel Rook took Carroll home to meet her parents two months after she first slept with him .	15	Adposition
The theatre has greatly improved the surrounding neighborhood .	4	Verb
Also , please let me know , by email , the names and contact information of other managers within Enron who might benefit from having someone with my qualifications in their group .	22	Verb
If you concentrate on that feel just before the trot you can figure it out and the timing is essential to push her at that instant .	10	Pronoun
I 've never had a dwarf hamster but I 've had the same problem with my pet rat I put some chicken wiring around it the I got from home depot and now it ca n't out .	13	Noun
A PivotTable list is an interactive table that you can use to analyze data dynamically from within a Web browser .	13	Noun
The vet said it was gastroenteritis and gave him fluids under his skin , an injection of nausea medication along with some take home antibiotics .	17	Noun
You can also provide the schema to other businesses and applications so that they know how they should structure any data they provide to you and they , in turn , can provide their schema to you .	21	Pronoun
So I pointed this out to him , at which point he said they only had one of the correct tires in stock .	15	Verb
They convince lots of people that they are a great store , when in fact they are a very average place at best , they are just another big box store like the others .	15	Pronoun
On the means of delivery , I am not sure from your note whether or not I fully understand the intent .	16	Pronoun
And as I looked at the map of it in a shop-window , it fascinated me as a snake would a bird – a silly little bird .	26	Noun
yet to understand the effect of it on me you ought to know how I got out there , what I saw , how I went up that river to the place where I first met the poor chap .	24	Pronoun
Meanwhile , President George W Bush has said he will lead an inquiry into how the disaster was handled .	18	Verb
Click on the Security Question section and follow the onsite steps .	8	Determiner
The above applies to the Derivative Work as incorporated in a Collective Work , but this does not require the Collective Work apart from the Derivative Work itself to be made subject to the terms of this License .	11	Proper Name
Pedro Sánchez , like many other socialists , said in the programme Évole that Spain is a nation of nations .	4	Adjective
Zawahiri was associated with a faction of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad known as the Vanguards of Conquest .	8	Proper Name
You need either a filter for each device except the DSL modem , or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks , except the one which the DSL modem connects .	6	Determiner
It is the most common tumour found in babies , occurring in one of every 35,000 births .	16	Noun
Is good or bad ?	3	Adjective
they save me from having to deal with Tmobile ...	4	Verb
Filtering based on the data in one cell ( Filter by Selection )	0	Participle
It was no problem to get PROVIDED the birth was registered in the first place .	8	Noun
The Union of Rationalist Atheists and Agnostics ( UAAR ) has launched a petition which now has more than 11,000 signatures , asking the government to respect and execute the sentence of the Supreme Court .	6	Proper Name
I am following up regarding the status of our comments to the form of guaranty for Pemex that you provided to Lucy Ortiz .	2	Verb
But getting past who should get them , is who has them , and who is really close .	13	Conjunction
Write down a list of everything you are packing , in particular if it 's valuable .	10	Adposition
This document reflects our group 's main concerns about the future of the ACP-EU link .	6	Adjective
They are dependable , have great connections in the community , and are a great resource for finding a job .	13	Determiner
You could move all the babies into a fry net breeder or move all of the bigger fish ( also the parents ) to a different tank to avoid the babies getting eaten .	0	Pronoun
If I had been in your place , I probably would have done the same thing .	14	Adjective
Archibald says Mr. Bush would come into the office and , in a friendly way , offer up stories about the drinking he 'd done the night before , kind of as a conversation starter .	27	Adverb
I was very upset when I went to Mother Plucker , they had NO FEATHERS and the quality is TERRIBLE .	7	Adposition
I will never go to another vet as long as I have animals .	8	Adverb
In the novel Dark Matters I think what interested me in the structure was two thing : simple narrative and email .	13	Verb
The central question behind the palace coup is whether Terry Winter , the president of the Independent System Operator , acted alone when he took steps to remove key price caps designed to limit the amount power generators could charge .	7	Verb
But my wife and I first went there thinking it would be Brazilian food ( think lots of meat ) , but it turned out to be a vegan restaurant !	12	Adjective
Hence the lack of solitude , the inability to be alone in the spiritual sense , and to arrive at a life of intellectual creativity . "	10	Adjective
I , Charlie Marlow , set the women to work – to get a job . Heavens !	2	Proper Name
Amount of time could be dependent on so many things .	3	Verb
The artwork is excellent and the prices are very reasonable .	6	Noun
He was deposited in an office on the 33rd floor where a pricy church lawyer interrogated him for two hours . "	17	Adposition
Police in B.C. said earlier Klein did not appear to have a criminal history and released vague details about his recent whereabouts .	5	Proper Name
ReportML is a " language " developed by Microsoft and specific to Access which can be used to describe Access database objects in XML .	23	Proper Name
The measures thus decided on shall be applicable forthwith , shall take account of the interest of all parties concerned and shall not entail frontier controls .	23	Verb
my new OLYMPUS X940 DIGITAL CAMERA ... ?	0	Pronoun
So Parliament should send a message , since that is the wish of the vast majority .	4	Determiner
A week before , China 's second biggest state oil firm had signed a $ 70 billion deal for oilfield and natural gas development with Iran , which already supplies 13 per cent of China 's needs .	33	Adposition
Her driver `s license says " Picture continued on other side . "	7	Verb
I rang SRD PAT testing and within 3 hours Scot had come to my premises and PAT tested all my our Spill The Whisky barn dance band equipment , and supplied a certificate for only 70 p per unit .	19	Pronoun
How come no one bothers to ask any questions in this section ?	11	Noun
Yes , it s that good .	5	Adjective
Zawahiri likely targeted Senators Daschle and Leahy to receive anthrax letters , in addition to various media outlets , because of the appropriations made pursuant to the " Leahy Law " to military and security forces .	14	Adposition
I came in for alterations ( free , by the way ) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse .	9	Determiner
To this end , Europe as a whole , and each Member State individually , will have to make optimum use of all available resources and capacities , including the Structural Funds .	15	Verb
No matter what state I am in when I arrive , I always leave feeling better .	13	Verb
If possible , I think the cleanest way to run this biz would be to put a box around the prime broker biz .	17	Noun
He did not like the girl sitting next to him , and it offended him that she should be casually skimming the pages that had cost him so much effort .	0	Pronoun
If Iran and Syria - with their significant armaments , missile technologies and suspected chemical weapons capabilities - decide to engage with the relatively undersized US force in Iraq , our troops there will be fish in a barrel .	1	Proper Name
The polar bear is more dangerous than most other bears .	9	Noun
They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs , as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs	17	Verb
Aries in 2005 - Flexibility	2	Numeral
Jane , on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .	10	Proper Name
In the mid-town area the names are taken from colleges and college towns .	12	Noun
Leave the straps fastened and twist-tied to the bib when you throw them in the dryer .	1	Determiner
We have already received firm commitments from 3 companies .	6	Adposition
In 1878 James wrote with sadness about the lack of contemporary attention paid to Balzac , and lavished praise on him in four essays ( in 1875 , 1877 , 1902 , and 1913 ) .	12	Participle
The 1980 presidential campaign between Reagan and incumbent President Jimmy Carter was conducted during domestic concerns and the ongoing Iran hostage crisis .	1	Numeral
A connection file stores information about a connection to a data source ( such as an OLE DB data source ) and the data associated with the connection .	13	Pronoun
By September of that year the Dow had tumbled to 744 .	9	Adposition
Well it is the wrong one , because I told you this morning I wanted the round flat bottle put in the fridge .	22	Noun
UVB and basking temp ( should be about 110 F for a baby , 95 F for an adult ) should be available for 10 - 12 hours a day .	5	Verb
On a recent event quote that I had done , they came in thousands of dollars over their local competition .	15	Noun
It shall promote understanding , tolerance and friendship among all nations , racial or religious groups , and shall further the activities of the United Nations for the maintenance of peace .	6	Conjunction
I 've only just come to live here ... from down South . South Africa .	11	Adverb
i 'm a red sox fan so i was glad that the phillies won .	9	Adjective
Please give me a call if you would like to discuss .	7	Verb
We therefore had to meet these two fundamental objectives and I sincerely believe that we are close to achieving this .	19	Pronoun
Compelling policymakers to implement such policies will require a new set of skills that draws upon lessons from around the world .	3	Verb
" Tonight we are carrying out punishments using a high beam , " the post reads .	9	Adjective
But it did not give me the time of day .	7	Noun
Worst buffet period by far .	3	Adposition
Many arrogant people have a false charm that no one seems to see through .	5	Adjective
Thanks to all this it will now be more difficult for public and private broadcasters to ignore the rules contained in the directive .	11	Adjective
For a moment I stood appalled , as though by a warning .	9	Adposition
And around and around it goes , shouted the boy , suddenly spreading his arms and spinning around the room like a gyroscope .	15	Conjunction
Attached is a draft of the talking points for the Commission 's hearings .	9	Determiner
He was a speck , a punctuation mark , a brick in an endless wall of bricks .	5	Determiner
If you are not the intended recipient , please contact the sender and delete all copies .	0	Conjunction
This one is better for rats .	2	Verb
If you have a large infestation , a cat may not be enough to totally get rid of it .	8	Noun
The report says the decline in iodine intake appears to be due to changes in the dairy industry , where chlorine-containing sanitisers have replaced iodine-containing sanitisers .	16	Noun
It is a fairly standard , fully reimbursable interconnect with Questar .	9	Adposition
It will encourage them to place greater reliance on this mode of transport .	6	Adjective
However , despite their child 's severe illness , and her lack of improvement , the Sams continued to shun conventional medical treatment , instead seeking help from other homeopaths and naturopaths .	6	Adjective
Using a connection file simplifies the task of deploying related data access pages .	3	Noun
I 'm looking to visit India with some mates at the beginning of February next year and I am wandering what standard of accommodation we could get for Rs 500 per person per night .	5	Proper Name
But it is clear that not only did Bush slack off on his National Guard service , but he slacked off from his campaign work .	12	Pronoun
If ever in Sicily please take the time to visit Anna Maria Jose Mudo and her familia .	14	Conjunction
We walked in to pick our little man at 10 minutes to closing and heard laughter from kids and the staff .	13	Conjunction
The content of these sessions should enable them to provide services to researchers and students , identify remaining gaps in knowledge or skills that they could address by self-directed learning and ( perhaps ) to automate their daily library work .	36	Pronoun
The only product of any significance is canned tomatoes , but even they account for no more than 7 -% of the market .	4	Determiner
The reason he said he did n't put that nail in was because he " did n't want to risk it " with my horse 's horrible feet .	17	Verb
Take care , my friend , Linda	4	Noun
If you 'd rather dine at home , simply call in your order with our take - out service .	17	Noun
But if you have to do it by keeping that forty years or whatever sitting at the table with you and your children ... ach , it 's not healthy , it makes me sick .	8	Participle
Here are the dates :	1	Verb
US and NATO military officers in Kabul say it is too early to say whether Bush ’s tough message was instrumental in persuading Musharraf and the ISI to pressure the Taliban to restrain from disrupting the elections .	1	Conjunction
One side of the memorial is scenes made by student groups while other areas represent the counties of Taiwan .	0	Numeral
North Korea puts military in ' quasi-state of war '	1	Proper Name
Important Kos Diary about bush 's response to the gathering storm of scandals :	2	Proper Name
They were allocated land and rebuilt a prosperous community that was a key part of an Armenian trade network extending from Singapore and India to Venice and Amsterdam .	21	Proper Name
I drafted the Into TVA Option as a series of calls tied to the MOPA delivery term and quantity - not sure if this anything close to what you all had in mind .	1	Verb
11 - Number of press conferences during his first three years in office in which Bush referred to questions as being " trick " ones .	20	Masdar
Just last night we were saying we 'd come and get you ourselves if you had n't written back to Ron by Friday .	15	Verb
I should like to conclude by commenting on a third matter which is also of significance , namely an amendment tabled by Member of Parliament , Mr Ari Vatanen .	5	Adposition
he tried to keep his eyes open but the whirl of green flames made him feel sick	2	Particle
Errors of legality and regularity are increasing too .	7	Adverb
There remained the problem of how to occupy his thoughts as he followed the old man .	11	Pronoun
I found Bright Star Tours and Travels and Best and Affordable Tour Operators and Tours Agents in Chennai , India offered me Student Tour India Package for very less price .	0	Pronoun
Their hell is a personal dissatisfaction with themselves if they are mediocre . "	3	Determiner
This is possible because we release all of our software under the Open Source GPL license and release our content under a Creative Commons license .	10	Adposition
The application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods can help Enron to improve further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor fuel .	20	Noun
Let him walk in and out for a few days .	6	Adposition
Why has no air quality test been done on this particular building since we were elected ?	7	Participle
Also depends on the space you have , how much time you can handle the pet , how much money you can spend , etc .	3	Determiner
I just called again and was told that workmanship , not wood , is guaranteed for a year - well in my opinion - the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship !	2	Verb
Pew researchers looked at about 40 studies that could provide an assessment of whether climate was affecting biology .	9	Verb
There are tons of specialty boutiques and gourmet caterers , as well as clothing and sporting good retailers .	12	Adposition
The influence of Paris permeates La Comédie .	3	Proper Name
There is not much snow , just a few inches each year , typically , although in 2007 and again in 2008 there were rather large " ice storms " .	27	Noun
The letter bombs were sent in connection with the treatment of the Egyptian islamists imprisoned for the earlier attack on the WTC and a related plot .	23	Determiner
If Africa 's agricultural sector is to achieve its promise – and if Africa 's economic growth is to continue – policymakers should take into account the needs of farmers like Joyce .	28	Adposition
The world has had evidence of this gender gap since at least 2011 , but only limited data about its scope , shape , and causes .	8	Noun
However , the Web page designer must provide a location from which components can be downloaded , and must reference the site license in a license package file ( .lpk ) that is associated with one or more Web pages .	33	Participle
Wikinews spoke with William Evans , president of the International Brotherhood of Magicians , about the current state of magic and what its future looks like in the world of entertainment .	25	Adposition
These facilities we 've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and providing outstanding access to U.S. and international visitors . "	6	Determiner
The only difference we had was for package V02 .	2	Noun
Sunday , May 28 , 2006	3	Numeral
It was there , in this Central African territory , that he had been a colonial servant until the settlers succeeded in having him recalled and deported for his support of the People 's Independence Party .	32	Noun
Ca n't you make a decent cup of coffee ?	4	Determiner
It is not known exactly when Shakespeare began writing , but contemporary allusions and records of performances show that several of his plays were on the London stage by 1592 .	27	Noun
Humans also lose direct uses of natural habitat when habitat is destroyed .	9	Noun
the Pole who had danced the gazatska became the man with whom he gravitated to a quiet corner so that they could talk about the curious grammar-structure of Gala and the Lambala group of languages .	9	Noun
It took my tired head a long time to sort that out .	10	Pronoun
Water the mature basil plants once a day , in the morning , so the water has time to soak in and evaporate rather than sitting on the plants overnight .	11	Noun
Harry took it .	1	Verb
You may want to use ANSI-92 SQL for the following reasons :	3	Particle
And you search in vain to find just one law abiding citizen	7	Adverb
( Only recently have a few experienced State Department Arabists been allowed in to try to begin mopping up the mess . )	16	Verb
( They even got me a couch pretty quickly . )	3	Verb
81 K Download	1	Numeral
If he does n't seem interested in them at all I would say he 's just not hungry .	1	Pronoun
Norton would later add " Protector of Mexico " to this title .	6	Adposition
If you 're dead set on starting your own glowstick business ( worse ideas exist ) , try websites like Alfa Aesar [ 1 ] or Sigma Aldrich [ 2 ] for supplies .	29	Numeral
Many details remain to be worked out , but we will keep you advised .	1	Noun
The light from the door made the shadows under the bleachers darker , the long space stretched far away .	3	Determiner
A string of islands and reefs along the eastern edge of the Group shelters the area from strong winds and ocean swellS and humpback whales come to these protected waters to give birth .	29	Noun
When people die of old age in India , it is supposed to be a celebration .	15	Noun
Italian secularist associations are concerned the Government will modify the law in order to maintain an exception for religious schools .	6	Noun
A recent example of weather control was China 's preparation for the 2008 Summer Olympic Games .	6	Verb
Why should I bother my children with all this nonsense ?	8	Determiner
Book readers evidently have n't got the passionate intensity of sports fans . "	0	Noun
" He wrote with admiration of Balzac 's attempt to portray in writing " a beast with a hundred claws .	2	Verb
They may however be applied beyond the period specified in the first paragraph as long as the relevant commitments have not been fulfilled .	14	Adverb
Here is a list of the risk people that will be with the estate .	12	Determiner
It 's really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in one place and I want to spread the word .	3	Adjective
We read the good reviews before going and had high hopes .. but to our dismay it did nt turn out that way !	9	Adjective
Western sheep and cattle ranchers , on whose behalf this extermination campaign was conducted , gratefully dusted their hands of the wolf and wrote him off as a job well done .	9	Determiner
Making his way through the press of oncoming bodies , Quinn made a tour of the numbered gates , looking for hidden staircases , unmarked exits , dark alcoves .	25	Noun
It was a woman who opened the apartment door .	0	Pronoun
Daniel and his assistant both did a great job .	2	Pronoun
Then I got a bill for $ 483.00 .	0	Adverb
The plane is based in the Chathams and flies to mainland New Zealand in the morning , then back to the Chathams in the afternoon .	15	Noun
Their minds are of the stay-at-home order , and their home is always with them – the ship ; and so is their country – the sea .	19	Conjunction
What we are proposing specifically is a unified capital tax , which would make it possible to boost the funds used to support the harmonisation of social protection systems and the reduction of working hours at European level .	29	Conjunction
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they had n’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .	30	Noun
Food - very good for a midnight meal that is n't fast food .	12	Noun
If someone thinks there is a business opportunity then they will start opening halal only places .	6	Noun
If you would prefer to settle the taxes with a personal check , we can distribute gross shares .	16	Adjective
In the current study , the responses from two children were not included because they responded the same way to every item through the training and all test items .	9	Noun
I 've never had a dwarf hamster but I 've had the same problem with my pet rat I put some chicken wiring around it the I got from home depot and now it ca n't out .	7	Conjunction
Should China decide to retaliate against the US to defend its oil and natural gas deal with Iran , the US would be faced with a significant threat .	2	Verb
Here 's what the owner has said :	0	Adverb
They count the cans in the trash to make sure .	5	Determiner
Nevertheless , her initial efforts at writing fiction were in the form of a short story , a form to which she would remain true .	4	Noun
Lamarr 's earliest inventions include an improved traffic stoplight and a tablet that would dissolve in water to create a carbonated drink .	21	Noun
The president was a lieutenant and Archibald had been a lieutenant , too ; he figured they had something to talk about .	20	Verb
I was very upset when I went to Mother Plucker , they had NO FEATHERS and the quality is TERRIBLE .	9	Proper Name
The hope may be that Posada can soon be offered to a post-Chavez Allawi - like puppet in Caracas .	1	Noun
After 1608 , they performed at the indoor Blackfriars Theatre during the winter and the Globe during the summer .	18	Noun
Try to be playful and even slightly sarcastic as you respond to the statements of the person you 're talking to .	6	Adverb
Listing his priorities , Abbas told supporters of the ruling Fatah party that he was determined to provide security to his people and continue the struggle against Israel 's partially completed West Bank barrier .	14	Verb
Seriously , I talked this morning with Tom Hall and we agreed that Ecogas would pay him $ 53,000 .	6	Adposition
80Y - Enron Broadband Acquisition , Inc .	2	Proper Name
It ’s important that the joke ’s target ( the most basic element of your material ) be suited to your audience .	5	Noun
Almost half of all Australian primary school children are mild to moderately iodine deficient , researchers say .	1	Noun
Since Member States and the industry agree that the star rating system has proved not to deliver the expected result , Directive 92 / 42 / EEC should be amended to open the way for more effective schemes .	13	Participle
He worked on the news and current affairs side of radio and TV for decades .	12	Noun
In his last phase , he wrote tragicomedies , also known as romances , and collaborated with other playwrights .	5	Pronoun
I am so glad that I called in to see Ana , she is a lovely girl who showed nothing but care and compassion towards me .	18	Verb
We took our beloved kitty to him and it came back dead .	7	Conjunction
But the time had not yet come for such a step .	4	Particle
Bill over at The Fourth Rail has an excellent essay on how the MSM and the UN , even the leftist countries in Europe , are basically accepting terrorist organizations as legitimate forms of a political party :	25	Verb
In Agra I 've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended , they found it in the Rough Guide .	7	Noun
I ended up going to the Centre for Social Evolution at the University of Copenhagen where I did a project on learning in Ants under supervision of Prof. Patrizia d'Ettorre .	13	Adposition
The Northern Arena Esports Championship ran throughout the weekend , facing off teams of video gamers in a packed hall .	10	Masdar
Fast and affordable .	0	Adjective
In developing countries that have not yet reached the technological frontier , the answer is almost certainly yes .	6	Adverb
This is now my fourth week and I have made a total of $ 42,000.00 and it 's still coming rapidly .	8	Verb
The 22nd Fan Expo Canada took place at the Metro Toronto Convention Centre this weekend , attracting thousands to the event , one of the most popular in North America .	7	Adposition
I just got a call from Dave and Frank and they tell me I have a whole week this time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade Australian financial power .	13	Pronoun
If it is hard to see how Baathist Iraq posed any real threat to Israel , it is not so difficult to see a menace in the current instability .	7	Adjective
Some scholars claim that members of Shakespeare 's family were Catholics , at a time when Catholic practice was against the law .	9	Verb
Though '' decided '' is probably not the right word , since from the day they were born , these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders .	5	Adverb
A common way to play is to make the snitch a person , and give the snitch a head start to run and hide in defined boundaries .	4	Verb
We therefore had to meet these two fundamental objectives and I sincerely believe that we are close to achieving this .	10	Pronoun
" A few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear 's paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling . "	18	Noun
We are currently moving to a new server , so we will be down for a while .	1	Verb
Caplan dismisses retrospective voting , quoting a pair of scholars who call it “ no more rational than killing the pharaoh when the Nile does not flood . ”	5	Verb
Following enlargement , this type of activity is likely to develop further , which is also in line with the recommendation of the Pericles evaluator .	19	Determiner
My father was a young man , thirty-five , younger because he liked to be outside , to play softball on Saturday and to take my mother and me camping on vacation .	9	Adjective
" This is a disaster for pain patients , " Mailis said in an interview Thursday with CBC News .	4	Noun
Rafferty recorded a new version of his Humblebums song " Her Father Did n't Like Me Anyway " on the album Over My Head ( 1994 ) .	14	Verb
Falluja has long been roiled by tense relations with the US soldiers there , since local Sunnis either remain committed to Arab nationalism or have become Sunni fundamentalists or even radicals .	19	Adjective
Who knows how much they want me to pay to fix this thing .	9	Particle
We were always having our water shut off , there were always people having parties at the pool , even after it was supposed to be closed .	1	Verb
A statistical analysis was performed based on the application of the paired t-test on the difference of the overall score obtained in the test before and after the intervention in the two groups .	18	Adjective
( From time PA approved and funded to in - service will be 75 days at most .	4	Verb
I will reccommend his services however / whenever possible !	8	Adjective
This is a $ 200 million increase over what NASA received for fiscal year 2004 .	11	Adposition
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	15	Verb
John Suttle has OK'd Anthony 's latest request w / r. t. the CSA .	1	Proper Name
Then came a crackling in the wires , the sound of further dialing , more voices .	6	Noun
Fresh basil not only tastes better than dried , it actually tastes different , almost as if it were not the same herb .	14	Adverb
You end up listening more acutely for the next noise and getting more irritated when it comes .	9	Noun
It had ceased to be a blank space of delightful mystery – a white patch for a boy to dream gloriously over .	5	Determiner
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement , and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what 's in the draft ?	17	Conjunction
Frustrated , the Americans decided for the best of reasons , as always , to make a heavier move :	9	Noun
No , but he 'd already mentioned it yesterday , is n't that so ?	0	Interjection
I found them and purchased both from a gallery in London , William Weston .	9	Adposition
DO NOT go here .. thank you	6	Pronoun
I remembered the old doctor , – ' It would be interesting for science to watch the mental changes of individuals , on the spot .	1	Verb
There is support for the EU in Lapland also , so let us remember them .	12	Pronoun
Upon receipt , I shall forward to each of you a copy of the reviews for your respective associate .	12	Adposition
Harry , Ron , and Hermione squeezed inside .	0	Proper Name
Otherwise , we can see who we can scare up at the office , or you can have Laura sign and I 'll initial later .	5	Pronoun
The light from the door made the shadows under the bleachers darker , the long space stretched far away .	9	Determiner
Bray went to the kitchen to fill his brandy glass with water for the night .	3	Determiner
( I know , ignorant question ) Then why call them , or any other phonies ' Christians ' , even if they themselves claim the appellation .	12	Conjunction
Controls in the Form , Report , or page header sections will be placed as unbound controls in the caption section of the outermost group level .	5	Noun
Officials face a simple choice :	1	Verb
these guys were fantastic !	3	Adjective
Here and there bits of ancient Maya stonework can be seen reused in Spanish Colonial era buildings in the old part of town .	17	Adposition
When taking on ballet , it is important to stretch daily for at least 15 - 30 minutes , to give the muscles ample opportunity to warm up , reducing the risk of injury .	16	Numeral
I called them for an estimate and they INSULTED ME WHEN I ASK THEM QUESTIONS .	2	Pronoun
Because of the ants I dropped them to a 3 star .	7	Adposition
Portrait shot of Dennis Hopper , famous for his role in the 1969 film Easy Rider , amongst the Warhol Polaroids donated to USI by the Andy Warhol Foundation for the Visual Arts .	6	Adjective
They are currently using 9.5 % fixed based on the 1 year implied volatility .	13	Noun
we will not go over Global 's piece of the Cargill line ...	6	Particle
The islands lie 860 km east of Christchurch , in the middle of the " Roaring Forties " .	4	Noun
After this I got embraced , told to wear flannel , be sure to write often , and so on – and I left .	7	Particle
Perceptions of resilience have given way to fears of vulnerability .	7	Noun
As concerned citizens we affirm the liberty of adults of the same gender to love and marry .	0	Adposition
He said Mr Dar , 33 , was arrested in Indian - administered Kashmir and belonged to the outlawed Lashkar - e - Toiba militant group .	2	Proper Name
Soaring public debts surely exacerbate the problem , because future generations are being asked both to service our debt and to pay for our retirements .	5	Determiner
She is just being friendly in public because she does not want to offend you and she treats you like any other friend .	6	Adjective
When a user connects to the SQL Server database through a Microsoft Access project , the connection is enabled through a Windows NT user account .	4	Adposition
The secretary general of CEI ( Italian Episcopal Conference ) , Nunzio Galantino , has called the sentence " dangerous " ( ( it ) ) and " ideological " ( ( it ) ) :	11	Proper Name
In fifteen minutes we would be home and my mother would fry eggs .	11	Verb
And were the Columbine killers acting out this " real morality " when they indescriminately murdered their classmates .	5	Verb
I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there , but i do know from personal experience that Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka is not a man of his word , and is also very CRUEL AND UNCARING !!	31	Noun
Visit Capt. Spastic 's Joke List for all the information and options : < >	1	Proper Name
It sounds ( according to your own statement ) that they had a roomful of dogs , so they must be doing something right - and are keeping those dogs safe from potential problems .	4	Adposition
They should be available at your local home improvement store or online .	0	Pronoun
It was n't until he gave up and walked out the door that someone asked Can I help you .	18	Pronoun
Some friends of mine visited Dartmouth in Devon whilst on holiday last summer .	8	Conjunction
Their service is top - notch and I especially love the free French champagne served even in Economy .	17	Noun
One thing more remained to do – say good-by to my excellent aunt .	1	Noun
Only 50 were marketplaces .	1	Numeral
The key is ... I have a few problems :	4	Pronoun
It was three years between recovery of specimens and final publication , why did it take so long ?	16	Adverb
I was recently traveling down I - 24 from Nashville with my 3 young children and had a blowout on the southeast side of Murfreesboro .	14	Noun
I was heartbroken .. but then realized He was not the Guy for me ..	5	Adverb
The London public playhouses were repeatedly closed during extended outbreaks of the plague ( a total of over 60 months closure between May 1603 and February 1610 ) , which meant there was often no acting work .	9	Noun
The tent was filled with chairs and divans borrowed from people 's houses , and flowers from their gardens .	5	Noun
It was exactly ten .	2	Adverb
" In the cities where we 've launched or are under construction , our work will continue , " Barratt said .	15	Verb
Is there any cure for mouse poison ?	0	Verb
This will paste a copy of the letter into the notepad so that you will add your name to the list .	7	Noun
Also the language is important in writing and in literature .	5	Conjunction
Per our conversation a few minutes ago , attached please find the revised Stipulation .	10	Verb
You can add new filter fields or move existing fields to the filter area .	0	Pronoun
Can you tell me the whole process of breeding them and taking care of the babies ?	11	Verb
What terrible things ? said Harry at once .	1	Adjective
To strengthen America 's position , and at the same time to do good ;	13	Adjective
All the regional countries have publicly backed the Karzai government and supported the electoral process , but serious undercurrents remain as they all have their favourite contenders in Afghanistan .	21	Pronoun
They were very polite , eager to answer any questions and willing to wait for us to return from vacation to begin installing our fence .	18	Adposition
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .	20	Pronoun
Hibernation is natural , and a necessity for snakes that are going to be bred .	11	Verb
If you mean fluid ounces , 20 , as opposed to the 16 in America .	1	Pronoun
This place is the opposite of QuikTrip : crappy in every way .	1	Noun
Due to its beautiful hand-painted tiling and magnificent public square , it is considered to be one of the most beautiful cities in the world .	21	Noun
If I had time to drive to Tacoma before they closed during the work week , I would just so I could get those boots fixed properly again .	23	Determiner
Ahmed Al - Chalabi and defense minister Hazim Al - Sha'lan have been engaging in shrill public attacks over the media .	3	Proper Name
WASHINGTON , DC – The International Monetary Fund is an immensely useful organization , able to deliver substantial amounts of financial and technical assistance at short notice to almost any place in the world .	6	Adjective
If this man was as good a detective as the Stillmans thought he was , perhaps he would be able to help with the case .	3	Verb
Now I 've found someone who can manage to do what I really want .	5	Pronoun
Great School !	0	Adjective
Professor Eastman says iodine is added to only 10 per cent of Australian salt in contravention of a World Health Organisation recommendation that all salt be iodised .	7	Adverb
They do n't just dump your ingredients on and cook either , but carefully separate meat to the hotter parts of the grill and still manage to keep the veggies from turning to mush .	30	Conjunction
My 2004 x - type was getting close to 100,000 miles so it was time for an upgrade .	6	Verb
the guy came on time and did n't take any breaks , he went straight to work and finished the job efficiently and promptly !	8	Verb
Hens raise in battery cages stay " hypnotized " longer , possibly because of greater fear .	11	Adverb
( 4 ) Everyone has the right to form and to join trade unions for the protection of his interests .	17	Adposition
The codependency construct is rooted in the psychopathology of human relationships whereby two partners , whether out of need or convenience , draw unhealthy support from each other .	23	Adjective
$ 5.5 b - Estimated cost to secure fully US ports over the Next decade .	2	Numeral
I was booked for 2 nights at this hotel in Oct 2007 .	0	Pronoun
Shakespeare divided his time between London and Stratford during his career .	9	Determiner
Michelangelo made the marble one but why did he do another if Donatello had already made one ?	16	Numeral
We 're gearing up for our 2001 / 02 recruiting campaign and we think your experience will help us define what works best and what can be improved in our process .	23	Conjunction
Sounds like your 2 at least tolerate each other , so there is hope there .	7	Determiner
Especially if you are planning to spend couple days with family and kids , which best suit you can select ?	3	Verb
The problem is that customers attracted by a simple interface are among the least loyal you can find -- witness the fight - for - fewest - features between low - end camera companies .	21	Noun
Please find enclosed EES 's request for Volumes for PGE CityGate delvery effective 11/1/01 :	7	Noun
Her major works include the aquatic centre for the London 2012 Olympics , Michigan State University 's Broad Art Museum in the US , and the Guangzhou Opera House in China .	8	Determiner
Women usually have more childcare and household responsibilities than men , which make it difficult for them to devote as much time to farm work , or even to supervise hired labor .	16	Pronoun
This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .	15	Noun
In the Beatles ' song " Get Back " they advise black Joe to " get back to where you once belonged " , as if England was not a place for black people .	15	Verb
Under the accord , a new northeastern provincial council was formed and the Indian army was deployed as peacekeepers in the north and east .	0	Adposition
# 2 the decor is tasteful and artistic , from the comfortable chairs to the elegant light fixtures .... and ( most importantly ) # 3 the food is FANTASTIC .	11	Adjective
Importing queries created under one ANSI SQL query mode into an Access database set to another mode , or exporting queries created under one ANSI SQL query mode to an Access database set to another mode .	11	Proper Name
The Corporate requirement to lower working capital usage for the Merchanting business irrespective of the above parochial business issues .	4	Verb
Key Delhi blast suspect arrested	3	Noun
ps I may have to come back to work for a 615 call	0	Noun
Anything smaller you will grow out , anything bigger will be too big and difficult to control and manage , especially when riding .	11	Adverb
I could n't say no ... so Nicki ( the little girl - 10 yrs. old ) and I waited for the bus .	14	Noun
he will reassure himself that no other animal is in there , and that no other animal will come in - he is afraid that he is in someone else 's territory when he is in a new house .	1	Verb
I called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates , they were n't the cheapest I found but very reasonable .	2	Determiner
Any chance we can get together for dinner Saturday eve. ?	4	Verb
Branch out and try something other than the Pad Thai , the curries are fantastic .	6	Adposition
And by 2007 , at the height of its popularity ( and , perhaps , Knightley 's ) it was a top 50 name , with three times more babies named Keira than Kiera .	31	Proper Name
Paris also claims that her passport was taken away from her and she was forced to work in the engine room .	1	Adverb
The Museum of Flight in Seattle , Washington was also proposed as another location for a shuttle , going so far as to build a new building to house an orbiter .	16	Noun
If it finds a matching value name , Access loads the reference from the path specified in the corresponding value data .	11	Noun
Sara Shackleton Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street , EB 3801a Houston , TX 77002 Ph : ( 713 ) 853-5620 Fax : ( 713 ) 646-3490	24	Numeral
Paul Kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the FERC Meeting that was held Thursday , Nov. 9th .	1	Proper Name
If anyone else has voted ?	4	Verb
After this weekend , we will no longer have access to the estate files , these people will be able to help you with any of your questions .	7	Adverb
Monotheism and Holy War obviously does have a violent interpretation of Salafism , rather as the the leaders of the so - called German Peasant Rebellion among early Protestants did .	0	Proper Name
If Jeff is happy , I 'm happy .	5	Pronoun
Tropical species have moved up to Florida and the Gulf Coast .	0	Adjective
I am Lady Kingel and I hail from the United Legit Gaming Guilds of Guild Wars .	7	Adposition
Call if you have questions or if I can be of any help .	6	Conjunction
Got the crab rangoon which was great , tofu with cabbage which was spicy but good and shrimp satay which was also good .	0	Verb
Their seasons are the same as all the countries in the Northern Hemisphere but I would suggest fall .	9	Adposition
Even if you can figure out what is wrong with this poor poneh , there is always the chance for remission and then relapse so you may have to do deal with again in the future .	20	Noun
To unsubscribe ( or subscribe if this message was forwarded to you ) go to : http://www.bbc.co.uk/email	11	Pronoun
We oppose the excessive control the central administration of the Union and its Member States exercises and we are calling for a reduction in the bureaucracy that has taken root in the drafting and implementation of programmes .	17	Pronoun
the camera only begins to work again when i take out the battery and put it back in .	3	Verb
White men with long staves in their hands appeared languidly from amongst the buildings , strolling up to take a look at me , and then retired out of sight somewhere .	11	Adposition
Place the cotton balls in areas where mice are likely to enter your house , by doorways , or heat vents , etc .	18	Conjunction
For a split second , Uncle Vernon stood framed in the doorway ; then he let out a bellow like an angry bull and dived at Harry , grabbing him by the ankle .	21	Adjective
Having mice in your home is both a nuisance and a health hazard .	7	Determiner
Uneasy , you go out to your civilized dinner .	2	Pronoun
But if the babies were born in American so they would named in other way but still remain " First name " in order to recall about their origination .	12	Adposition
In the past decade , there has been a rapid influx of scuba divers and other tourists coming in , making tourism the major industry player in Coron today .	27	Proper Name
A lot of people , mostly black and naked , moved about like ants .	13	Noun
They will , however , cost a bunch .	6	Determiner
Education shall be free , at least in the elementary and fundamental stages .	8	Determiner
It 's a really huge place over there , and so many visitors / foreigners went to put chains and locks over there !	15	Verb
But now people have to learn that there 's a Department of Public Health to go to .	4	Particle
If they ask how much I 'm willing to pay , what is a good price range ?	1	Pronoun
It can ward off and cure a number of diseases , keeps the body youthful and enables an easy delivery in childbirth .	19	Noun
Montalvo had read an article in the Scientology propaganda publication Freedom Magazine , which attacked high-ranking defectors from the organization including Tom Devocht and Mark Rathbun .	14	Verb
For something that lasts hours , go to the next method ( which is a lot easier to facilitate if you have access to a laboratory , but it 's still worth mentioning ) .	8	Determiner
The boat was heading toward Cox 's Bazar in Bangladesh .	2	Verb
They also claimed not to see anything wrong with the blower fan ( a seperate issue ) , but when I drove the car home I had the same symptoms .	20	Pronoun
Properly-fitted ballet shoes should be snug , but not so tight they cut off blood flow and create numbness in the feet .	9	Adverb
Please let me know what type of statement I should make back to the customer .	2	Pronoun
He now discusses his work with Wikinews .	5	Adposition
They track poop everywhere ( most disgustingly my bed .... ) , and am constantly trying to climb up everything , including my bare legs !	21	Verb
Maybe next time they will have it .	5	Verb
Databases and communication systems are operating in the ECB and Europol .	4	Verb
it is a cute little nice and quiet library	4	Adjective
I used a dissecting scope to look at the animal 's external anatomy and overall body organization ( magnification of 60 X ) .	11	Adjective
Bailey 's , orange vodka , bitters , and chocolate flakes .	4	Noun
When you export to Excel , detail fields will be available on the PivotTable toolbar in Excel , but the fields wo n't be displayed in the report .	2	Verb
For a Jew from Eastern Europe it has been completely typical war , death of mother , death of father , death of sister , four years in disguise among the Germans , death of wife , death of son .	27	Adposition
The exaggeration can be slight or considerable —	4	Adjective
The Base Currency Amount shall equal the volume submitted by the Counterparty via the Website .	12	Adposition
The early voting suggests that this time the Latin Americans will come out to vote in greater numbers , but it is unclear whether the increase will have an impact .	20	Pronoun
He was still working as an actor in London in 1608 ;	4	Adposition
Neil and Rebecca Edwards laughed .	3	Proper Name
I gave $ 16,900 + tax .	1	Verb
It remained the only thorough introduction to the field for decades and is still valuable for its many examples and exercises .	9	Adposition
She had to hack her way through the ceiling of her beauty shop as flood waters rose in the city of half a million people - much of which lies below sea level .	23	Numeral
Foz on the Brazilian side is the larger town , however both are geared up to cater for visitors to the Waterfalls and National Parks , and so offer a range of accommodation for all budgets .	33	Adposition
Because of an international medical convention ongoing in Washington at the same time as our meetings , the Grand Hyatt unfortunately is already booked .	15	Noun
Is there any tricks I could use ?	5	Verb
Secondly , the origin rules applicable to imports to third countries from the Community are still based on individual Member States .	3	Noun
The interim Governing Council issued a communique saying , " It is a proof of the emptiness of the Israeli authority and a destruction of the peace endeavors in the region . . .	1	Adjective
The man was reading the sports section of the Times , and Quinn glanced over to read the account of Mets ' loss the night before .	12	Proper Name
In a new franchise business ?	3	Noun
Lucien 's journalism work is informed by Balzac 's own failed ventures in the field .	9	Adjective
Knowledge is power and wikiHow has the potential to make all of us a bit more powerful .	5	Verb
actually - for volumes flowing out of bondad - which is deal number 763736 price is bondad gda ; for blanco - deal number 759933 - price is nonbondad gda	6	Adposition
So 2009 , 2010 World Cup .	1	Numeral
UVB and basking temp ( should be about 110 F for a baby , 95 F for an adult ) should be available for 10 - 12 hours a day .	14	Numeral
I want to go all over :) I do n't have a set route yet .	12	Verb
I called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told " This is a Days Inn , not the Hilton " and the receptionist then hung up on me .	6	Pronoun
If you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .	5	Noun
Best wishes ,	1	Noun
She flicked her wand casually at the washing-up in the sink , which began to clean itself , clinking gently in the background .	10	Noun
Mrs. Tolchin provided us with excellent service and came with a great deal of knowledge and professionalism !	0	Proper Name
Madam President , first of all I should like to thank Mr Koch for his report which has , at its heart , the issue of transport safety .	16	Pronoun
Very glad that we went with them .	0	Adverb
Socotra Island is very rich and is home to many rare spectacular species of reefs , fish , birds , plants , and trees which are not found anywhere else in the world .	6	Verb
A recent example of weather control was China 's preparation for the 2008 Summer Olympic Games .	3	Adposition
I 'm looking for websites like flickr.com tumblr.com and autocorrects.com but ones that are n't very common and have a variety of funny pictures !	16	Adjective
The amazing thing is that all of these crooks demand protection under international law , and define all those who attack them as " war criminals , " with some Western media repeating the allegations .	2	Noun
Making his way through the press of oncoming bodies , Quinn made a tour of the numbered gates , looking for hidden staircases , unmarked exits , dark alcoves .	14	Adposition
Right now , we are in the process of evaluating both our new hire needs and our summer needs and will be making those decisions after the first of the year .	1	Adverb
" Shakespeare was a respected poet and playwright in his own day , but his reputation did not rise to its present heights until the 19 th century .	18	Noun
If you still do n't enjoy the kittens , see what other opportunities are available .	0	Conjunction
Thank you for your time and attention .	0	Verb
But in the halls of the US Congress , few people pay any attention .	3	Noun
We do n’t want to just traffic in the same 24 hour news cycle .	10	Numeral
Local municipalities in Italy ask taxes from religious schools	0	Adjective
Allowing subscribers is a simple way to broaden your conversation on Facebook , while reserving personal updates for people you know well .	7	Verb
You 'll have to drive 10 miles down 75 to Allen .	4	Verb
In the realm of international economics , being perceived as boring confers power to the extent that it allows major decisions to be made without a great deal of external scrutiny .	17	Pronoun
I want to say that Mike did a great job for our family in our time of need .	5	Proper Name
The first set of issues includes slow - burn problems involving externalities , the leading example being environmental degradation .	13	Determiner
But it is less clear how the government will create additional jobs for women .	11	Noun
Next day got moved into another room , on the same floor with other wedding guests .	13	Adjective
Equine psychology	0	Adjective
Ambiguity frightens arrogant people because it suggests imperfection , change and lack of certainty ( realities we all must contend with as best we can ) .	3	Noun
It is the whole political class that is being questioned about the way in which it must take up these challenges .	1	Verb
Michael Gapinski Account Vice President Emery Financial Group PaineWebber , Inc. 713-654-0365 800-553-3119 x365 Fax : 713-654-1281 Cell : 281-435-0295	12	Numeral
We 're quite far from our goals currently , but we take comfort in the fact that every month wikiHow gets noticeably better and larger	4	Adposition
I think they may even be better than the pair I have been using this past year !	10	Pronoun
They were very friendly and were able to explain me exactly what was wrong with it .	14	Adposition
In ’72 or ’73 , if you were a pilot , active or Guard , and you had an obligation and wanted to get out , no problem .	5	Conjunction
Regular tourists who renew their 30 day visa are eligible to depart the country ( to any destination ) and return immediately enjoying a further 60 days ( 30 days plus a 30 day extension ) .	22	Verb
What volatilities are you using to value the options - monthly volatilities or intra-day volatilities or a blend of the two ( if blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols ) ?	12	Conjunction
Chances are , you ’ll get into a groove and keep working at a high pace even when your frenzy time is out .	6	Adposition
The Greater New Orleans Fair Housing Action Center ( GNOFHAC ) filed a housing discrimination complaint against the Housing Authority of New Orleans ( HANO ) last week .	2	Proper Name
Do n't worry if you have trouble concentrating on the mantra and ideation - that 's normal .	0	Verb
One thing is for sure , the economy is not faltering on my account .	2	Verb
How was your trip to Des Moines ?	0	Adverb
The game is at 12 : Sat @ Compaq Center .	3	Adposition
Prove , to your parents ' satisfaction , that you , not they , will be the one actually taking care of your new pet .	18	Adverb
I know that if my garage door needs to be repaired , I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors	3	Conjunction
HOWEVER ... that same web page also states that " The current pass mark is 67 .	4	Noun
Seagal , whose grandmother was from Vladivostok in Russia 's far east , has made frequent trips to Russia in recent years and visited Kamchatka and Sakhalin in September .	13	Verb
They had asked Percy if he wanted to join them , but he had said he was busy .	16	Verb
Hopefully President Bush can accomplish these goals which will not only help strengthen our Chinese allies , but will also help fight the war on terror .	24	Adposition
Your reserve chute should have been packed by a certified rigger and is moderately less likely to fail ;	2	Noun
He is very professional in his position as a director and yet he still made time to be compassionate for what we were all going through .	10	Conjunction
American defence chiefs hired a US firm to take the guns , from the 90s Bosnian war , to Iraq .	9	Determiner
If you look at the rooms , there 's all the accouterments you 'd find in these types of places --	14	Verb
In January 2011 , Blunt began filming an American science - fiction film , Looper , directed by Rian Johnson and co-starring Bruce Willis and Joseph Gordon - Levitt ; the film was released in September 2012 .	1	Proper Name
I appreciate the quick , good service and the reasonable prices and will definitely use American Pride Irrigation & Landscaping again .	7	Conjunction
The owners are really nice , they serve good food at a good price , and the option to eat outside on the deck ( esp on the weekend whether there is hardly any traffic ) is great .	19	Verb
Your learning of concepts of all kinds combines with extensive group activity , bringing your mind into a whole new space this year .	2	Adposition
The south is not like the regular tourist towns .	2	Verb
Her mentor did not return her passionate , if discreet , love for him , and instead treated her as a younger sister .	11	Noun
Finally , I told the little girl that she would have to accompany me to school ( 8:30 am ) .	12	Verb
Rate the routes , with understandable markings and a more detailed system than easy , moderate , and hard .	7	Conjunction
If you do not wish to receive such e-mails in the future or want to know more about the BBC 's Email a Friend service , please read our frequently asked questions .	29	Adverb
that 's fine , i do n't want to see you either , i just need to make a cd .	10	Pronoun
I packed six loaves of flatbread , some olives , a hard cheese , one nice dress , walking clothes , my pills and glasses , a jug of wine , a can-teen of water , and a kitchen knife .	36	Conjunction
These amendments deal with the social economy and the need to provide social risk capital and support financially local schemes to develop employment opportunities and strengthen social cohesion .	5	Adjective
It was , in a curious way , an extension of what he was at the official receptions where many people had little idea who the white stranger was , sitting in a modest place of honour ;	32	Determiner
They provide an emotional infrastructure for atrocities .	2	Determiner
We can do a Popup notification along with changing the number on the Web page , we can also put out a Critical message which will send an Email to customers .	6	Adposition
K.C. Maurer , chief financial officer and treasurer at the Andy Warhol Foundation , said 500 institutions received the initial invitation and currently 190 universities have accepted one or more donations .	25	Verb
Subforms and subreports on a form or report are not converted when you carry out the Save As command .	4	Determiner
you speak the language and will have more fun .	5	Verb
These islands sit aside the vital sea lanes of the Strait of Malacca , through which 300 tankers and merchant ships pass daily , bringing in oil for the Far East and Southeast Asia .	21	Verb
When you make them look bad - even if it is the slightest offense - they will usually be very mad at you .	22	Pronoun
Despite the release of a photo this morning , police in B.C. say they have more questions than answers about an apparently homeless man charged in the fatal stabbing of a teen girl at her Abbotsford high school .	25	Adposition
You know I am not particularly tender ;	6	Adjective
I believe the Commission has done a very good job in many cases .	11	Adjective
Those having to deal with these risks should therefore meet stringent requirements .	3	Verb
Steve .... proud Range Rover Sport owner ( with rear tints )	4	Proper Name
I could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and sell an animal as meat the way I prefer to eat it .	5	Pronoun
Yet , this is no comparison to the advancements you 'll make overall , and by the end of 2005 , you 'll look back in sheer wonder and happiness .	26	Adjective
Set the layer mode to " color " this will make your image blak and white .	6	Noun
Last year she came up to me during one of the games late in the season ; she was so happy we were going to the post season .	18	Verb
Second is there any way to sort of customize the places you wan na go to ?	9	Determiner
As a result , many people quickly open emails or mindlessly click on links and attachments with nary a thought of its consequences .	16	Adposition
At every floor , make a loud announcement telling everyone the floor number .	0	Adposition
There are many good options of delicious food on the shores as well .	4	Noun
By return email , please verify that you received this message and let us know if there is another email address that you prefer us to use .	5	Verb
I got him back the first of the month and he had lost some weight but attributed that to be worked everyday ( I expected him to drop some ) .	19	Verb
My family and our colleagues will be forever grateful .	4	Noun
The next meeting of the CAEM Board of Directors will be held on Wednesday , September 12 , at the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Washington , DC .	21	Proper Name
Some humans who have , for various reasons , become aware of their impending death , develop psychological coping strategies to deal with this ;	10	Adjective
5 . In Section 6.3 , clause ( c ) should be reworded to fit with the language in the beginning of the Section .	22	Determiner
In 2003 , he dominated in the points standings and leading the last 33 of 36 races and became the 2003 NASCAR Winston Cup champion , the last driver to ever hold that title .	23	Noun
So I may as well just come out with it : It is pretty suspicious , given the Neocon predominance in the CPA and in the upper reaches of the Defense Department that on April 2 AP reported of Muqtada :	31	Proper Name
I ended up getting a pair of zebra finches for christmas .	10	Proper Name
It seems that the Palestinian leadership ( upcoming ) will not be a peace partner with Israel .	3	Determiner
I wanted to go home .	2	Particle
Aunt Petunias high , false laugh sounded from the living room .	7	Adposition
This entity is not in TIS , SAP , nor Hyperion .	9	Conjunction
This is simply a protective mechanism for their false image or their fantasy land .	3	Determiner
Water from the rivers is used in over 500 hydroelectricity power plants , generating as much as 2900 kilowatts of electricity .	15	Adjective
The decor left a lot to be desired and the posters telling me all the reasons 99 was great just served as an ironic contrast against the reality .	12	Pronoun
unable to attend at that time due to a prior appointment , I can meet with you individually later some time	15	Adposition
On the shores of the Mediterranean , it is hard to imagine that in Lapland temperatures can fall considerably lower than that .	15	Noun
i have bought some long reptile feeding tweezers and have tried holding the pinky in front of the snake 's face .	20	Noun
It 's also fuelled the emergence of modern high - rises -- like the visionary MahaNakhon , Bangkok 's tallest building .	3	Verb
Fred , who had finished his own list , peered over at Harry 's .	3	Verb
But Johnson was so obtuse he did n’t understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter .	9	Pronoun
A slim little white girl slipped between them and took up Ras Asahe 's hand with the gold-metal watch-bracelet as if it were some possession she had put down ...	23	Determiner
Another time I 'll segueway into all the fun work related instances where " Mommies " get out of doing work and hiding behind childcare as the reason .	18	Conjunction
$ 3.7 m - Amount the EPA valued each human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during the Bush administration .	18	Determiner
I was a waitress for years and a key rule is to serve customers with small children before others , as I was the last to get my food .	3	Noun
True or false : being a young New Zealander means having no future ?	4	Masdar
On June 17 , 1950 , Busuanga was officially created as a separate municipality from Coron and in 1954 , Coron was further reduced by the official creation of the Municipality of Linapacan .	15	Proper Name
I am not such a fool as I look , quoth Plato to his disciples , he said sententiously , emptied his glass with great resolution , and we rose .	22	Noun
An hour later , they headed for Flourish and Blotts .	5	Verb
Barbara , please organize a call for Mike , Michelle , Mark Stubley and me .	11	Proper Name
In her humble home she was visited by other writers , students of poetry , admirers , the curious , critics , and editors requesting her collaboration .	3	Noun
My advise to all is I have fallen into this trap ... pl ensure you do nt !!!	4	Verb
1596 , dating from the Saffavid era , the avenue is the most historically famous in all of Persia .	3	Adposition
If Abbas keeps up this " macho talk " he will kill potential peace talks and might as well allow Hamas ( which has probably done a better job at providing for the Palestinians ) rule the West Bank .	9	Pronoun
Updating another blue file because Susan B. , this time , has not updated it to reference mergers & name changes !	12	Particle
It 's never ok to let a customer walk out unhappy , especially when they are right .	8	Verb
The paperwork was a very easy and smooth .	6	Conjunction
Good Day Mate !	2	Noun
Bea was really nice and asked how the food was .	8	Noun
It 's easy .	2	Adjective
One critic explained that " there is a center and a circumference to Balzac 's world .	5	Adverb
I thought of bacon and eggs , toast with peach jam out of the jar .	14	Noun
A slim little white girl slipped between them and took up Ras Asahe 's hand with the gold-metal watch-bracelet as if it were some possession she had put down ...	19	Conjunction
A dancing studio is equipped with mirrors for correcting your positioning and seeing what you 're doing accurately , and a barre for practicing . [ 1 ]	12	Verb
I know New York pizza and this is not it !!	9	Pronoun
Why don't all profiles have a " Subscribe " button ?	5	Determiner
They were allocated land and rebuilt a prosperous community that was a key part of an Armenian trade network extending from Singapore and India to Venice and Amsterdam .	17	Noun
A report by the Center for Disease Control of interviews with AMI employees ( as well as detailed interviews by author Leonard Cole ) supports the conclusion that there were not one , but two , such mailings containing anthrax .	12	Noun
Enron total gain not counting ENA 's trading desk margin is $ 1,922,000	12	Numeral
Montalvo had read an article in the Scientology propaganda publication Freedom Magazine , which attacked high-ranking defectors from the organization including Tom Devocht and Mark Rathbun .	5	Adposition
WHERE : 550 West C St. ( b/t Columbia & India ) Suite 1810 Law Offices of Levine , Steinberg , Miller & Huver 619-231-9449	14	Proper Name
By that time , however , he had accumulated enough points in each year to cover six years of service .	14	Particle
This trickle grew into a flood , resulting in 14 wolves being reintroduced in Yellowstone in 1995 by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service -- albeit over the strong and still - continuing objections of ranchers .	22	Proper Name
My Group will therefore support the common position and looks forward to the enactment of the legislation which will provide us with yet another tool in our fight to make transport in the European Union as safe as possible .	1	Noun
50 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 15 October 2003 .	12	Verb
Mr Borgin fixed a pince-nez to his nose and looked down the list .	11	Determiner
" I have no doubt that as time goes on , there will be more and more cases documented "	16	Adjective
Madam President , on a point of order .	6	Adposition
When they were 18 or 19 , many of them decided to come back to Iraq and fill the ranks of the youngest Mujahedeen generation .	7	Adjective
A snort of pleasure :	0	Determiner
I shall not go into details on the High Representative , as his or her function has already been extensively debated .	4	Adposition
He 'd almost be glad of a sight of his arch-enemy , Draco Malfoy , just to be sure it had n't all been a dream .	23	Participle
( This is a kind of " wind " of interstellar dust , caused by the fact that our solar system is moving with respect to the local interstellar medium . )	20	Noun
In this delivery format , your body can immediately start receiving the benefits of the product components as the absorption of vitamins , minerals and nutrients is maximized .	20	Adposition
" He devoured books of every kind , feeding indiscriminately on religious works , history and literature , philosophy and physics .	5	Determiner
But a scan has shown the tumour in Ms Pugh 's right lung is growing , and she has had to leave the trial .	4	Verb
Let him go at his own pace , do n't rush with him , and never ever resort to physical violence with your bird .	21	Adposition
25 - Percentage of the world 's oil used by America .	6	Particle
Meanwhile , Arthur Levitt has agreed to meet with us in September to brainstorm on the ideas we 've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them .	12	Particle
The gal from the wedding was pretty hot .	0	Determiner
I will manage client expectations accordingly .	4	Noun
We envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order , filing , etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information .	11	Noun
Once two sets of leaves have formed , basil can be planted into the garden or permanent containers .	3	Adposition
In the winter , they will usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation - like state called brumation , which is characterized by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity .	1	Determiner
Quinn asked him about the essay .	2	Pronoun
Will you be providing an execution version with questions removed / blanks filled in ?	6	Noun
We just happen to stumble across this little restaurant one day when we had to visit the Bexar County Tax Office off of Bandera Road .	21	Adposition
You could stay in a city & get a bus tour to say the Cliffs of Moher or Dingle peninsula but you will be with all the other tourists .	5	Noun
He achieved some fame as an architect by redesigning the City Hall in New York for the First Congress of the United States ( See : Federal Hall ) .	19	Adposition
I now use a 75 watt basking or heat bulb for mine and he seems to like it	0	Pronoun
Mailing them to the house iis fine .	3	Determiner
Michael Chestney was very pleasant and patient with my wife and she suggested I go check it out .	9	Noun
As noted earlier , all analyses were weighted according to the survey weight provided by the Add Health research staff and standard errors were corrected for the clustering and stratification that defined the sampling strategy .	34	Noun
IF YOU WANT A LITTLE CAJUNISH FOOD - IT IS GOOD .	8	Pronoun
The pro-Beijing camp candidates elected were New People Party 's Michael Tien , DAB 's Ben Chan and Leung Che-cheung , FTU 's Alice Mak and pro-establishment nonpartisan Junius Ho .	28	Proper Name
You will find elegant hotels , restaurants and malls in the northern part of the city .	9	Adposition
The paint becomes exhausted , the city encroaches with its soot , the plaster crumbles within .	15	Adverb
The media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as " liberals . "	22	Verb
We hope to execute this Agreement this week .	4	Determiner
The Americans wanted the new regime to make the populace literate , to create " a large and stable middle class a sufficient identification of local ideals and values , so that truly indigenous democratic institutions could grow up . "	23	Noun
The broadcasts began on August 10 and South Korea says the broadcasts will continue .	0	Determiner
On board the Freewinds , Paris claims that she was working from 6:00am to midnight and due to lack of sleep ended up being a walking zombie .	24	Determiner
good luck with your new house and with his new territory !	0	Adjective
It remains unclear if these figures represent real individuals , or if the authorial " I " who addresses them represents Shakespeare himself , though Wordsworth believed that with the sonnets " Shakespeare unlocked his heart " .	25	Proper Name
Do n't pack one box full of books or paperwork - you might not be able to carry it at all .	7	Noun
I love how it really depends on how good a horse your horse really is , not how talented he is .	20	Verb
“ While much of the digital transition is unprecedented in the United States , the peaceful transition of power is not , ” Obama special assistant Kori Schulman wrote in a blog post Monday .	28	Verb
Side note : If you have anything due right now , and you have n't finished it , leave this article and complete that work .	9	Adverb
The RHS collected comments sent in by schoolchildren and teachers involved in the experiment .	5	Adposition
What ’s funny to a group of 20-year old college students may be very different from what makes your 70-year old - uncle laugh ( then again , maybe not ) .	12	Verb
He has braved so many dangers already !	5	Noun
- In terms of costs , the evaluator found that some of the projects were particularly costly and highlighted specific cost items .	18	Verb
I suspect that 's not true . "	2	Pronoun
Usually you can be seen the same week or maybe the following week .	3	Verb
I called a few different businesses in the area to get estimates , they were n't the cheapest I found but very reasonable .	4	Adjective
Another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time , meaning users can not retrieve them and read them later ( as they can with e-mail ) .	19	Adposition
Fred and George had spotted their friend from Hogwarts , Lee Jordan .	5	Pronoun
And it was in a grandmother bar by the waterfront — sipping hot tea with rum and watching over the shoulders of dockworkers playing mah-jongg — that I first heard of the valley of giants .	0	Conjunction
she laughed , protested apologetically , and shook cologne down into her freckled bosom .	9	Adverb
He explained that interrogations and other evidence revealed that Al Qaeda wanted to strike the US with a nonconventional weapon , most notably anthrax .	15	Proper Name
This unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling - out with his Iraqi partner , who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of Kuwait , a wholly - owned U.S. - British subsidiary .	32	Adverb
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines ( physical and financial ) for the London traders .	6	Verb
The attached documents include the GA II Settlement proposal , an Attachment ( a copy of PG&E 's proposed Gas Rule 27 ) , and a set of supporting workpapers .	5	Noun
Therefore I could not estimate the mean reversion rate as the estimated slope has the positive sign .	12	Noun
How can i make my Jack Dempsey reproduce ?	5	Noun
If somebody makes a wai to you , a slight bow alone is more than sufficient for ordinary occasions , and for business , most Thais will shake hands with foreigners instead of waiing anyway .	11	Adverb
I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $ 65 puts are in the money and the $ 75 call is also in the money .	25	Adverb
Monday's starting next week at 4 ???????????????	1	Verb
Any good poses or programs ( I 'm willing to buy a dvd as long as it is under $ 20 ) to help specifically with leg stabilization ?	11	Determiner
Even though I live pretty far from her office I still make the trip so my daughters will have the BEST !	14	Conjunction
Little by little , Quinn began to feel cut off from his original intentions , and he wondered now if he had not embarked on a meaningless project .	6	Particle
However , you can open the page in Design view and change the property settings .	7	Adposition
Also several days before the elections Pakistan closed the border crossing point at Chaman in Baluchistan which is a key entry point for the Taliban into Afghanistan .	19	Adjective
It has invested $ 3 billion in the African country 's oil industry , which supplies it with seven per cent of its needs .	9	Noun
The murder weapon , Robinson 's letter opener :	7	Noun
To get away from it all , the Remis resided in Switzerland for most of summer 1947 .	11	Proper Name
It is important to note that there is also a departure tax of CUC 25 , to be paid in cash when departing Cuba by airplane ; this is not required for boat departures .	7	Verb
Snowman would jump the high fencing that separated the two properties and always return to where he felt was home .	10	Noun
Without a valid visa , boarding will be denied ( the airline would otherwise get a $ 1,000 fine from the Cuban immigration authorities ) .	18	Noun
Sometime before 1623 , a funerary monument was erected in his memory on the north wall , with a half - effigy of him in the act of writing .	7	Verb
and jokes requiring specialized knowledge ( of , for example , science or old movies ) will only be appreciated by people who possess that knowledge .	16	Verb
A report by the Center for Disease Control of interviews with AMI employees ( as well as detailed interviews by author Leonard Cole ) supports the conclusion that there were not one , but two , such mailings containing anthrax .	20	Noun
Who was that I do n't know ... one of the people from the plane ... a baldish fair man with an accent , I did n't catch the name .	19	Noun
Have n't heard from you in a while .	0	Verb
I would be interested in hearing what conclusions you reached and what you found that was most convincing .	13	Verb
Delays in the CEN 's work are now making it difficult to apply this very Directive .	1	Adposition
eHow was and continues to be the largest and how to website in the world .	8	Conjunction
( 2 ) No one may be compelled to belong to an association .	3	Determiner
He could become severly dehydrated ( especially if he continues to vomit and have diarrhea ) .	4	Adjective
His forecast represented a simple extrapolation of two trends :	0	Determiner
Would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller meeting in October when we should have worldwide buy - in and commitment to these standards and ( hopefully ) our first draft of a meaningful exception report ?	5	Verb
the difference is that when a bomb goes off in a West End restaurant the fundamental right of England to exist is not in dispute .	11	Proper Name
Yes . That was me .	0	Interjection
In order to mark any 2000 income , we will need to get CRRA to execute the Development Agreement in 2000 .	2	Particle
We looked at the venerable stream not in the vivid flush of a short day that comes and departs for ever , but in the august light of abiding memories .	9	Adjective
two Pericles seminars assisted the ( then ) acceding countries in their efforts to apply the acquis in the specific area ;	14	Verb
Okay , it 's partly about strippers and dope .	7	Conjunction
Washington would really have to anger Japan and Korea to provoke such action , but in a showdown with China - over Taiwan , for example - China holds the cards .	24	Adposition
2 Enjoy the basil fresh .	3	Noun
Too many kids , too many knifings , too many taserings .	1	Adjective
Best Chineese food in the area	3	Adposition
Margot 's had to be in the kitchen herself from six in the morning , and some nights it 's been until ten .	2	Verb
More recently , he erred in accepting a transportation bill that had huge flaws and huge tax increases , rather than prioritizing spending and seeking more rational , efficient , decentralized transportation decision-making .	10	Pronoun
The aim of these clinics is to provide basic methodological competencies and technical skills in DH , for a diverse group of librarians , consisting of both subject and technical librarians with basic technical skills .	34	Noun
No one shall be subjected to arbitrary interference with his privacy , family , home or correspondence , nor to attacks upon his honour and reputation .	16	Noun
When the cloud disperses , she ’s standing on one of the Stock Exchange ’s upside-down overhangs .	10	Adposition
He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project Novial .	3	Adjective
Amendment No-6 makes more radical changes to the guideline maps , adding new links and creating new categories of ports .	16	Adjective
We have updated our site to include a LOST and FOUND page and you can now join our branch and make a secure on - line donation to the charity .	11	Noun
Closing Loopholes and putting in place a system that is transparent and works .	0	Masdar
We have received the amendment to the BC Gas ISDA Master executed by BC Gas , which adds the Canadian Securities Representation , so we do n't have to add the rep into every confirm .	34	Noun
If you are comfortable , we will drive these changes into our other midmarket power forms .	6	Verb
In Biloxi , 30 people were reported dead in one block of flats which was hit by a 9 m ( 30 ft ) " storm surge " .	1	Proper Name
There is NO such thing as a BTA .	7	Proper Name
You want to bring something back with you from your deep space experience where you sensed your mind merging with the universal Mind .	4	Pronoun
But if somebody wakes up one morning and suddenly no longer is funny , then yeah , head first , out the door as quickly as possible , and as sadistically as possible .	21	Determiner
" Balzac himself attributed his condition to " intellectual congestion " , but his extended confinement in the " alcove " was surely a factor .	17	Determiner
Your teacher knows what goes on in your community and wants to keep her job .	12	Verb
Richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit .	10	Verb
I love her and want to help her but I do n't know when I 'll be able to take her to to vet :( please help .	11	Particle
well since i do nt know your budget , i recommend Hakka Restaurant for chinese food	0	Interjection
As I mentioned , please let me know when it is ready , and I will send someone to pick it up .	13	Conjunction
And , despite a disconcerting fall in labor 's share of income in recent decades , the long-run picture still defies Marx 's prediction that capitalism would prove immiserating for workers .	23	Noun
Did she ever go to a real doctor ?	0	Verb
The goal is for him to move on with his life and for us to move on as well .	10	Noun
An investor with average luck and £ 10,000 in bonds could expect to receive £ 125 in prizes per year .	4	Noun
The boy gave an exaggerated pantomine shrug .	3	Determiner
The discovery of a number of ' bugs ' within the AS400 Merchanting code , arising from the release of OBSF designed functionality , which compounded the operational burden of supporting the OBSF .	2	Adposition
Bangs said although the number of elk has not declined very much since the wolves came back , their behavior appears markedly different .	10	Adverb
Let me add some additional info .	4	Adjective
In March , a bundle of blueprints for a new headquarters for the military 's counterterrorism unit were found stuffed in the trash on a downtown street .	16	Noun
Yo mama `s so fat , she `s got smaller fat women orbiting around her .	3	Adverb
These people can be a great source of potential pain , and this article is here to help you sort the arrogant from the not-so-arrogant .	18	Pronoun
Instituto Gonzaga , a catholic school in Milan . Image : Friedrichstrasse .	6	Adposition
He retraced his path along 107th Street , turned left on Broadway , and began walking uptown , looking for a suitable place to eat .	1	Verb
Touching deep into the idea is what builds intuition - it is a synthetic process .	13	Adjective
After the Compromise , Emperor and King Franz Joseph I. took great care to treat both of his monarchies equally .	0	Adposition
you mean miramar florida theyy have good seafood there	4	Pronoun
I believe that these are three weekends in a row , January 6 , 13 and 20th .	16	Noun
You appear to be feeling better though .	2	Particle
It ’s not a geographic endeavor , it is an intellectual endeavor .	7	Pronoun
It only matters if you received an offer of employment or if you are currently working in New Zealand and used that job in your application to get your skilled migrant visa .	23	Adposition
In addressing the Cabinet shortly after German forces crossed the border , Chamberlain placed blame on both Germany and Austria .	10	Noun
My dad just does n't understand ?	3	Verb
The first challenge that we have before can do any kind of analysis of these interstellar dust particles is simply to find them .	7	Verb
Samuel Johnson quoted him more often than any other author in his A Dictionary of the English Language , the first serious work of its type .	13	Noun
I went on along Fleet Street , but could not shake off the idea .	9	Particle
The US Red Cross has mobilised thousands of volunteers for its biggest - ever natural disaster effort and federal emergency teams are being dispatched to affected areas .	25	Verb
Sounds like your 2 at least tolerate each other , so there is hope there .	11	Pronoun
When the company is set up in the EOL database we link the company to the Parent and reference the CP ID .	6	Adposition
The Americans have to put away their free - market fetishism for a while and find ways of creating jobs and pumping money into Iraqi households .	24	Adjective
I do n't want to appear before God on judgment day and have to explain why I did n't do anything like this in my life .	18	Particle
I googled restaurants in the area and Fuji Sushi came up and reviews were great so I made a carry out order of : L 17 .	10	Adverb
You can transform the native XML data into a specific Access format by choosing from the options in the Import XML dialog box .	16	Noun
If wikiHow volunteers think our site is going in the wrong direction , they can take all the content and all the software and move the project elsewhere .	0	Conjunction
Entitlement to free abortions equates with women having the right to manage their lives and make decisions about their own bodies .	10	Particle
PS , If you make it to Thanh Pho Ben Tre , stay a night at my friend Ken 's hotel .	0	Noun
But while the ( otherwise perishable ) thoughts are still fresh in my mind from the hearings on Monday and Tuesday , I wanted to throw out some observations for discussion in the days / weeks ahead .	17	Adposition
Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons ' then - current trademark usage guidelines , as may be published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time .	28	Adjective
It relied on volunteers and state militia units , which faced logistical , training and food problems in the staging areas in Florida .	15	Noun
The hijacker Ahmed Alhaznawi appears to have contracted cutaneous anthrax in Afghanistan .	1	Noun
Remember snakes can go a while without eating .	7	Verb
So it 's wonderful to be able to rescue that and bring it to a new format and a new tradition for Mexicans .	13	Adposition
Imaginary good is boring ; real good is always new , marvelous , intoxicating .	1	Noun
The terms of office of the members thus appointed shall expire at the same time as those of the members in office at the time of accession .	2	Adposition
After the plagues of 1592 – 3 , Shakespeare 's plays were performed by his own company at The Theatre and the Curtain in Shoreditch , north of the Thames .	14	Determiner
When Bush proposed the missile defense systems in Eastern Europe , Poland and Czechoslovakia , it was a real provocation to the Soviet Union .	20	Adposition
He had read Quinn 's old work , he had admired it , he had been looking forward to more .	18	Adposition
This deviation shows that Eco definitely has a significant amount of option value which can be exploited with quick reactions and favourable market movements .	7	Determiner
In the evening it buzzes with art galleries , theaters and residents and Bay Area visitors coming into the area to see concerts .	11	Noun
How do you approach the difficult challenge of talking to the Palestinians when , in the end , they do n’t want Israel to exist .	22	Proper Name
He stood rocked back on his heels with his coat thrown over his shoulders and his hands in his pockets .	5	Pronoun
And the air is strangely clear .	0	Conjunction
Do you think we need to do more ?	2	Verb
I am not such a fool as I look , quoth Plato to his disciples , he said sententiously , emptied his glass with great resolution , and we rose .	0	Pronoun
Fresh basil not only tastes better than dried , it actually tastes different , almost as if it were not the same herb .	5	Adverb
Everland Resort : http://v2.cache7.c.bigcache.googleapis.com/static.panoramio.com/photos/original/42661265.jpg?redirect_counter=2	0	Proper Name
Then we got put in a room with a huge gap under the door .... right next to the ice machine .	6	Noun
But succintly making point after succint point , the text of the letter stands on its own merit , regardless .	19	Adverb
What an opportunity for only $ 6.00 ( $ 1.00 for each of the first six people listed above )	14	Adjective
Hopefully , the stands Parliament has taken will help , however , in the mid - term appraisal of the programmes and in their practical implementation .	24	Adjective
We therefore had to meet these two fundamental objectives and I sincerely believe that we are close to achieving this .	5	Determiner
Starting in February , you will be able to export the data , as opposed to using the spreadsheets .	15	Conjunction
You can use the filter feature to find specific data values or all data that matches a value .	16	Determiner
The literary critic A. C. Bradley described this style as " more concentrated , rapid , varied , and , in construction , less regular , not seldom twisted or elliptical " .	7	Determiner
I do not feel secure at all to see my SS in so many databases at Enron , especially when some databases are from third - parties ( out - sourcing ) .	15	Adposition
Maybe because they hint at a larger conspiracy / network of abusers / satanic underground ?	13	Adjective
I ca n't remember if you guys could do it or not .	9	Pronoun
It clearly gives the Admin a very strong upper hand to control who when and where direct access can occur without having to say that they oppose direct access .	8	Adjective
Once the first bottle has been filtered , wash out the bottle and pour the Skittles vodka back in .	0	Conjunction
Summer can be extremely hot and dry during heatwaves , but this rarely happens .	13	Verb
By the time of Romeo and Juliet , Richard II , and A Midsummer Night 's Dream in the Mid-1590s , Shakespeare had begun to write a more natural poetry .	5	Conjunction
The most important thing is that you are comfortable , and that you 're not wearing baggy or loose fitting clothing so you can make sure you 're forming and moving correctly in the mirror .	17	Conjunction
The wires have been humming since before the New Year with reports that the Bush administration is planning an attack on Iran .	8	Noun
I will deliver it to you for your approval .	0	Pronoun
it is a cute little nice and quiet library	6	Conjunction
30 - Length of time in months between Enron 's collapse and Lay ( whom the President called " Kenny Boy " ) still not being charged with a crime .	23	Adverb
The Analyst and Associate Programs recognize we have many Analyst needs that need to be addressed immediately .	5	Verb
SQL Server verifies that the account name and password were validated when the user logged on to the system and grants access to the database , without requiring a separate logon name or password .	7	Conjunction
Davis was the settler M.P. who had been responsible , at one stage , for getting Mweta banished to the far Western Province .	14	Adposition
$ 3.7 m - Amount the EPA valued each human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during the Bush administration .	4	Noun
More people die from AIDS in one day in Africa than all the Russians who died in the hands of Chechnya - based Moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started .	11	Determiner
Also , there are other sites , notably podiobooks.com , which are better suited to CC works than LibriVox .	18	Proper Name
Yeah , I thought that the holding his mouth thing sounded wrong .	6	Noun
can ever & never forget the training undergone here which made my life step onto the successful job without any hurdles .	17	Noun
The first pre-historic settlements was constructed in 3000 BC around the hill of Acropolis .	2	Adjective
So now there are hundreds of al - Qaeda members in Iraq where there had been none before .	13	Pronoun
But today , unable to see the end of war , he has lost the sensation of being borne upon any such wave .	12	Verb
According to OECD data , only 55 % of South Korean women aged 15 - 64 are in the labor force , compared to an average of 65 % in the advanced economies .	29	Adposition
The Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles ( not a drop of magical blood in their veins ) and as far as they were concerned , having a wizard in the family was a matter of deepest shame .	18	Conjunction
If you change the property setting , the change is applied to all selected controls .	4	Noun
But if -- there 's a painting on the wall in the Oval Office that shows a horseman charging up a steep cliff , and there are at least two other horsemen following .	29	Numeral
so i m a little confused , why is there two statues of David ?	13	Proper Name
Renee ,	0	Proper Name
Women who have completed secondary or tertiary education are more likely to enter and remain in the labor market than their less educated counterparts .	2	Verb
Isner , who produced some of his best tennis as he leveled at one set all and forced a decider , also paid his tribute .	12	Adposition
The codependency construct is rooted in the psychopathology of human relationships whereby two partners , whether out of need or convenience , draw unhealthy support from each other .	4	Participle
For example the most famous is Lewis Carrol , author of Alice in Wonderland .	5	Verb
On September 29 , Scientology officials went to the East Los Angeles sheriff 's station where they claimed Montalvo allegedly left the organization with computer hard drives .	19	Adverb
If it wo n't take pre-killed and you usually feed live then you could hold the rat by the tail and whack it against a hard surface , like a refrigerator or wall .	29	Determiner
But when innovation affects an automobile 's quality , the task becomes far more difficult .	6	Particle
ANSI-92 provides new reserved words , syntax rules , and wildcard characters that enhance your ability to create queries , filters , and SQL statements .	15	Noun
If that 's ok , how do you want your name to show up on the title and what address should I use ?	15	Determiner
Close to my house , this is the only reason I would go to this particular QT .	10	Pronoun
Add the wet ingredients to the dry ingredients and beat together ( by hand or with an electric hand-held mixer ) .	0	Verb
More and more tech companies are calling the shots more than ever before on Wall Street , even more than in Silicon Valley .	19	Conjunction
ever since Harry had come home for the summer holidays , Uncle Vernon had been treating him like a bomb that might go off at any moment , because Harry Potter was n't a normal boy .	14	Participle
You 'll note we offer a couple of versions of some books .	5	Determiner
And I gave it all my heart , all my energy , based upon principles that did not change once I got into the Oval Office .	2	Verb
For most people , receiving compliments is only fun up to a point — getting more than one or two can make someone feel embarrassed and self-conscious .	7	Adverb
WHEREAS , it is necessary for the repose of our Empire that the said decree should be strictly complied with ;	15	Verb
As it moves over land , it is cut off from the source of energy driving the storm [ which is ] the evaporation of water from the warm sea surface ;	2	Verb
If you are in town and need that kind of space I say stay here but if you are looking for a little more upscale affair do n't let the pictures fool you and book somewhere else .	21	Determiner
Then , in 1973 , as Bush made plans to leave the Guard and go to Harvard Business School , he again started showing up frequently .	0	Adverb
They want to use LTS to tie into NASA 's vision for Space Exploration , and seem pleased that the White House is moving in that direction .	19	Determiner
When Bush proposed the missile defense systems in Eastern Europe , Poland and Czechoslovakia , it was a real provocation to the Soviet Union .	12	Conjunction
The staff was friendly , especially the front desk female supervisor , and seemed to want to help , but too many unusual things happened to make us want to stay there again .	15	Verb
The home page for Rockin on the River is , and it lists all the acts scheduled for the season .	2	Noun
Debra Perlingiere	0	Proper Name
He did not like the girl sitting next to him , and it offended him that she should be casually skimming the pages that had cost him so much effort .	26	Pronoun
What person ( s ) in London prepares credit for the English and Singapore financial transactions ?	13	Proper Name
I suggest you go up to Raging Taco & Raging Burrito a couple of blocks up the street or even Taco Mac .	0	Pronoun
The implementation for SAP for the Merchanting business has been delayed and effectively decoupled from the higher risk ( higher benefit ) Brokerage implementation - benefit is to provide sole focus on OBSF for IT Merchanting developers .	6	Proper Name
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .	23	Pronoun
Invitations were measured only by how long the beer and wine lasted out .	10	Noun
A reminder that the HR Associate Points Meeting will take place as below :	11	Adposition
Is it better to book a cruise online or by a travel agent ?	8	Conjunction
But it is clear that financial firms compete with others for resources , and especially for skilled labor .	15	Adposition
Katie Kaplan Manager of Policy IEP ( 916 ) 448-9499	7	Numeral
They felt like they were going to fall off of me and it was very difficult to see what I would actually look like were I to purchase some of these dresses .	13	Verb
I will tell you .	2	Verb
If he or she did not , then they should have all the same rights as other Iraqis .	3	Pronoun
It may also make it particularly interesting if your audience is your friend(s) . [ 6 ]	11	Pronoun
If I found a spot , I could nt fit in it .	9	Verb
You can skip this step if you have purchased pre-rinsed quinoa in a box .	1	Verb
The missile 's manufacturers state that one or two missiles could cripple a destroyer , and five missiles could sink a 20,000 ton ship .	4	Verb
I do n't want to appear before God on judgment day and have to explain why I did n't do anything like this in my life .	8	Adposition
in a week 's time , he will have made it his , and will be getting more bored than afraid .	20	Adjective
Not that there is anything wrong with that because they also employ local people that live and shop in the area .	14	Pronoun
In the 20-minute PlayStation VR demonstration of Batman : Arkham VR , players are dropped down a secret elevator in Bruce Wayne 's manor , to the Bat Cave , to suit up .	26	Determiner
Sara , here are the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas , UK power and Nordic power .	0	Proper Name
" Had it happened five hours earlier or four hours earlier , I think the death toll would have been more than a thousand . "	10	Adverb
Too right you will , said Uncle Vernon forcefully .	8	Adverb
When i put him off of my bed , he jumps back on and same thing .	5	Adposition
It is genetic and the child needs to get the gene from both parents to turn into a vegetable instead of a thinking child .	15	Verb
Most of the time one is more interested in breeding than the other .	0	Adjective
He also designed furniture and houses for the wealthy as well as coins and medals , including the insignia of the Society of the Cincinnati .	8	Adjective
I was soooo lucky to have used Marlon 's photography services .... such a creative and talented photographer and a pleasure to work with .	17	Noun
MMA also captured the Northwest Frontier Province , which probably shelters Bin Laden and al - Zawahiri , and is in a joint government of Baluchistan Province , also on the Afghanistan border .	12	Proper Name
NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announces where four space shuttle orbiters will be permanently displayed at the conclusion of the Space Shuttle Program during an event commemorating the 30th anniversay of the first shuttle launch on April 12 , 2011 .	35	Proper Name
They had the work done in about half the time quoted which made me and my wife extremely happy .	9	Noun
Once a storm moves over any appreciably sized piece of land , the moisture source is removed and the storm begins to dissipate .	6	Adverb
Thanks to all this it will now be more difficult for public and private broadcasters to ignore the rules contained in the directive .	9	Adjective
WebLogic is required by BackWeb , although it is designed by a separate company .	2	Verb
The guidelines and exposure proposed by the Commissioner are based on those recently published by the International Convention on Non-Ionising Radiation Protection .	11	Pronoun
For something that lasts hours , go to the next method ( which is a lot easier to facilitate if you have access to a laboratory , but it 's still worth mentioning ) .	29	Verb
She really listens to what it is you would like to achieve , and I am very happy with my results .	0	Pronoun
He picked one up and saw that the pages had the narrow lines he preferred .	7	Determiner
While the Museum of Flight was in the top running , I m disappointed that NASA did not choose them .	7	Determiner
I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft .	4	Particle
First of if i went alone on a regular cabin how much would you estimate it would be just a guess .	17	Verb
I 'm not sure , but I think that he 's got class tonite , too .	12	Noun
But she did a fabulous job letting me know what she was doing at all times and styled my hair in a way i could do it at home .	12	Verb
There is much talk of privatisation and liberalisation .	7	Noun
the room you sleep in is best ( seeing you so relaxed that you are sleeping will send the message that everything is OK ) , but others will work just as well .	6	Adjective
This cost is averaging $ 79,000 per month if we continue to run the compressor as we have in August and September .	14	Noun
87 - Percentage of Humvees in Iraq not equipped with armour capable of stopping AK - 47 rounds and protecting against roadside bombs and landmines at the end of 2003 .	12	Conjunction
The most well known effects of IDD are visible goiter and cretinism , a condition characterised by severe brain damage occurring in very early life .	2	Adverb
" I find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world 's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as " good news , " Gore said .	6	Determiner
This has to do with one of the few buildings in the city center that was spared from destruction by the end of the Second World War .	5	Numeral
He is my farrier ( shoes my horse s feet ) so I am technically a client if you want to view it that way .	22	Pronoun
As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now .	30	Verb
Opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it .	8	Noun
Kesha and Pebe co-wrote the song " Stephen " together when Kesha was 16 , Kesha then tracked down David Gamson , a producer that she admired , from Scritti Politti who agreed to produce the song .	11	Proper Name
He was an early supporter of the Esperanto offshoot Ido and in 1927 published his own project Novial .	8	Noun
The Contract Quantity shall be quantity submitted by Counterparty via EnronOnline ( 5 % greater or lesser allowance at Seller 's option ) .	15	Conjunction
At a minimum your clothes should be neat , clean , and free from holes or tears .	2	Noun
IF you have NOT begun the Application process's NOW < you are about 2 to 3 years away from being approved by Immigration Canada .	2	Verb
Chatham Motors have a range of nice rental vans available as well and they provide pretty good service for both visitors and locals .	17	Noun
Although Balzac was " by turns a hermit and a vagrant " , he managed to stay connected to the social world which nourished his writing .	21	Noun
Everyone has the right to an effective remedy by the competent national tribunals for acts violating the fundamental rights granted him by the constitution or by law .	22	Determiner
I would encourage anyone who is thinking of back surgery , to talk about different treatment options first with Dr. de Barros .	15	Noun
We 're moving more towards the Internet at this point , because the Internet is a much easier , safer way for a person to look at sensitive material and not get caught with it .	12	Determiner
Final authority over lifting the cap rested with the federal government .	7	Adposition
He was wearing long green robes which were dusty and travel-worn .	0	Pronoun
If Abbas does not change his former thinking and continues the path of Yasser Arafat , then there will not be peace in the Holy Land and the Palestinians will ultimately suffer .	29	Verb
Awesome service with a smile :)	0	Adjective
Do you still have the historical nymex settle file that you created for Lavo 's spread analysis ?	1	Pronoun
Investigators said the nun , Margaret Ann Pahl , 71 , was strangled and then stabbed , with nine wounds on her chest forming the shape of an inverted cross , a well - recognized Satanic symbol .	22	Noun
The screw - up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean - counters ( and McNamara was nothing if not a bean - counter ) instead of soldiers in charge of the military .	30	Adverb
( He already had the traumas that his previous girlfriend Jane Asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate manners ) .	21	Pronoun
At some point , I 'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close ?	5	Verb
The policy dilemmas that have resulted – rising inequality , greater volatility , reduced room to manage the real economy – will continue to preoccupy policymakers in the decades ahead .	26	Adposition
For the last few years there have been tensions with Iran ’s nuclear program with word coming this week that a deal was reached through the European Union that meets with the approval of the International Atomic Energy Agency .	29	Verb
Prices for electricity jumped from an average of $ 249 a megawatt to $ 700 a megawatt within three days , ISO records show .	23	Verb
4 - easy .	2	Adjective
Within the European Union , resale right exists in the legislation of eleven Member States , but it is only really applied in eight .	13	Noun
Otherwise , I will be sending it to Peoples as our final revision by mid morning .	11	Adjective
Hamill 's schedule included a panel with Kevin Conroy , the voice of Batman in Batman : The Animated Series , in which the Star Wars lead played the Joker .	4	Determiner
Whereas it is essential , if man is not to be compelled to have recourse , as a last resort , to rebellion against tyranny and oppression , that human rights should be protected by the rule of law ;	29	Adjective
Besides the obvious tourist spots which I already have planned for .	6	Pronoun
With what , then ?	0	Adposition
that open violation of the laws are constantly occurring , caused by mobs , parties , factions and undue influence of political sects ;	10	Verb
It is a curb bit with a ported mouth piece and some horses appreciate this to give them more room in their mouths for their tongues .	0	Pronoun
Bantu languages are not included in studies of acquisition often enough despite the numerous languages in this linguistic grouping and the millions of people using them .	22	Adposition
how did you know .	1	Verb
The portions were generous and we got out for less than the cost of one entree at some chain restaurant .	1	Noun
Ok maybe that is n't the right question , but my question is can you text from a united states number when you r in canada , can you send texts to another united states number ?	14	Pronoun
I do n't know if vomiting blood is common with this ailment .	11	Noun
Please do be informed that this business transaction is 100 % legal .	11	Adjective
The Commission has proposed fuel specifications for the year 2000 .	9	Numeral
It can be seen across the water from Neiafu and is connected by land bridge at the most southern point of ‘Utu Vava’u .	14	Noun
Everybody I know at university intends to stay at uni for as long as possible until there are actually jobs available .	13	Conjunction
I am referring to the Rio Coco project .	2	Participle
Cindy	0	Proper Name
To cure Don Quixote of his madness .	6	Noun
They were men enough to face the darkness .	4	Particle
Republicans captured the Senate for the first time since 1952 , and gained 34 House seats , but the Democrats retained a majority .	21	Determiner
What we are trying to do is solicit votes for the band , in order to put them in first place .	4	Particle
Karl Rove , Bush 's most senior advisor , notoriously told Republicans on the ballot during the 2002 midterms to " run on the war . "	11	Proper Name
" Terry said he made that filing in the interest of Californians , but I find that argument has no basis in fact . ''	1	Proper Name
So it was a city of grandmothers .	1	Pronoun
San Francisco was settled in the 19th and 20th century by mainly European immigrants except for some Asian workers who were manual laborers .	21	Adjective
There are a couple of packages available through the supporters of the comp.sources.unix archives .	6	Adjective
If you have some problems with your windows , you should call them .	2	Verb
Find a comfortable place on the floor and sit with your legs crossed .	10	Pronoun
Since fort lee is situated in such a convenient area for those commuting to and from the city , there is often high traffic and congestion on the roads .	26	Adposition
I worked with Andrew for 2 months and did acupuncture and herbs .	7	Conjunction
They went into the Sputnik Bar for a moment , meeting music like a buffeting about the head , and then someone said that he thought the arrangement had been to meet at the railway crossing .	34	Noun
I do n't know if the kid had a bad day or what , but I had to sit and apologize about nothing for 10 minutes until he dropped the issue .	9	Adjective
At the time , generators were refusing to sell power in California because of the price caps .	0	Adposition
The psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud drew on Shakespearean psychology , in particular that of Hamlet , for his theories of human nature .	18	Adposition
I 'm hearing some pretty depressing stuff from the people I know at ENE .	2	Verb
Subject : Where can I get the necessary software to get a " smart " mail system running on my machine that will take advantage of the postings in comp.mail.maps ? ( E.g. , pathalias , smail , etc. )	29	Noun
How do you English say , eh ? Good-by .	1	Verb
U.S. Muslim groups criticized President Bush on Thursday for calling a foiled plot to blow up airplanes part of a " war with Islamic fascists , " saying the term could inflame anti-Muslim tensions .	10	Determiner
Are you back in the office yet ?	5	Noun
Importing queries created under one ANSI SQL query mode into an Access database set to another mode , or exporting queries created under one ANSI SQL query mode to an Access database set to another mode .	33	Adposition
DO NOT go here .. thank you	5	Verb
Mrs Weasley was marching across the yard , scattering chickens , and for a short , plump , kind-faced woman , it was remarkable how much she looked like a saber-toothed tiger .	19	Noun
I used to live in London for 6 months and it 's by far one of my favorite places to be in the world ( I 've been to 45 countries in 5 years ) .	8	Noun
Yo mama `s so fat , she `s got smaller fat women orbiting around her .	12	Verb
Just treat everyone else as you would want to be treated , and you 'll be fine .	0	Adverb
Wikinews interviewed one of the owners of a New York City bar about a popular new politically-themed cocktail drink called Santorum .	4	Determiner
In effect , the administration tried to make the IMF more interesting , particularly to encourage Republicans in the House of Representatives to support the reforms .	11	Adjective
I also wish I 'd applied for a scholarship .	0	Pronoun
Meanwhile , the European Union and China are pressing to close their own deals in Asia and elsewhere .	11	Determiner
“ Beijing believes its intervention is necessary to prevent a continued legislative paralysis in the city , ” he said .	13	Adposition
he wo nt even try to bite .	0	Pronoun
For example , when you move a Product field to the filter area , you can have the chart display category and series values for one product at a time .	1	Noun
You can add a security question to your account from your Security Settings page :	1	Verb
Is there some specific concern that we can address ?	8	Verb
Throughout the twentieth century , the City of Cleveland proper was ranked as one of the 10 largest cities in the U.S. ( from 1890 until 1970 per US Census Bureau statistics ) .	3	Noun
Hi , i 'm looking to take myself and my best friend and his girl friend and this girl i really like out to dinner for my birthday .	7	Pronoun
I 'm looking for the confidentiality agreement , which may be in Bart 's files ( have n't checked closely yet ) .	0	Pronoun
I 'm getting in touch because I think it could be useful to people campaigning about hospital closures .	6	Pronoun
This License constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the Work licensed here .	4	Adjective
I 'm more than happy to help people with the site or answer any questions about Action Network - just drop me a message .	11	Conjunction
I just hope that I will be invited to the opening ceremony because we worked damned hard to get it .	17	Particle
Edwards is a strong supporter of Israel , and believes that the U.S. has a vital role in promoting peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians . "	15	Adjective
He willl eventually come and explore it and them you can handle him a little bit .	4	Conjunction
If you 're dead set on starting your own glowstick business ( worse ideas exist ) , try websites like Alfa Aesar [ 1 ] or Sigma Aldrich [ 2 ] for supplies .	25	Conjunction
But he has insisted that he wants nuclear power for peaceful purposes .	7	Adjective
In the highly charged partisan atmosphere of Washington , DC , this is without question almost always an advantage .	7	Proper Name
WASHINGTON , DC – The International Monetary Fund is an immensely useful organization , able to deliver substantial amounts of financial and technical assistance at short notice to almost any place in the world .	22	Adjective
Not necessarily the restaurant but what you order when you get there and what time you go .	9	Pronoun
Originally from Slovenia , he served as the Director of Media and Communications of a WTA Tour event and was a member of the UNESCO Slovenian National Commission .	25	Proper Name
I propose we have a conference call with Bob Fagan on Fri July 20 at 1:00 pm Calgary time to discuss any areas of concern / confusion you may have .	13	Numeral
And then you say you wo n’t commit a mistake , so you ’ll commit new mistakes .	15	Adjective
I copy this out for my own entertainment a specimen of illusionless American political analysis .	6	Adjective
Suppose at the end of the year they were not put on contract ?	0	Verb
Bobby is a member of a bicycle team , while cycling this weekend , he and other members of his team were injured by a truck .?	22	Verb
268 Number of Bush - Cheney fund - raisers who had earned Pioneer status ( by raising $ 100,000 each ) as of March 2004 .	22	Adposition
However , when you apply a filter by selection , the conditional filter already applied on the field is removed before the filter by selection is applied .	16	Determiner
Please let me know how your organization can help the Enron employees feel safer about the safeguard of their SS number .	17	Adposition
Notice Regarding Entry of Orders and Instructions : Please do not transmit orders and / or instructions regarding your PaineWebber account ( s ) by e-mail .	0	Noun
Traffic congestion on the main arterial roads serving the city ( especially the A19 on Bootham and the Inner Ring Road ) can get very bad , especially during the rush hours and on Saturday mornings .	29	Determiner
But one should not go here expecting something fantastic , unless perhaps you 've never had middle - eastern food before , or succulent duck , tasty lamb , decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts .	24	Noun
Apparently Russians are all inclined to see us in this way .	4	Participle
The flavor of icing or frosting can be improved by adding a little of your favorite juice to it instead of soy milk or water .	6	Verb
When you filter a field , you select one or more items of data in the field that you want to view , and hide the other items .	3	Determiner
We are aiming to have the programme printed next week , so I would really need to know as soon as possible if you would be available to speak at this year 's congress .	24	Verb
68 - Number of days after taking office that Bush decided Not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol , the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5.2 per cent below 1990 levels by 2012 .	32	Noun
" The way she drew a staircase you would smash your head against the ceiling , and the space was reducing and reducing , and you would end up in the upper corner of the ceiling .	2	Noun
How did the CPA get to the point where it has turned even Iraqi Shiites , who were initially grateful for the removal of Saddam Hussein , against the United States ?	30	Proper Name
In the long run , only educate the next generation and open it to the world .	2	Adjective
Having DNA-suitable material will let us see whether there are new genes , or genes turned on in different ways and at different times that help explain how these animals burrow into hard ice and then survive in the cold .	23	Noun
He chose not to seek a third term in the following election cycle .	0	Pronoun
Missile batteries arrayed in those mountains could raise bloody havoc with any fleet deployed below .	14	Adverb
Lots of jokes rehash the same ground and sometimes they retell a story countless other jokes have told .	12	Noun
I have a friend that has to get rid of one of her cats because of allergies , he is the youngest at 3 years old black , long hair , incredibly friendly .	22	Adposition
Nida has been a pioneer in the fields of translation theory and linguistics .	12	Noun
This License and the rights granted hereunder will terminate automatically upon any breach by You of the terms of this License .	17	Noun
We will conduct first round interviews in the morning and the second round interviews in the afternoon .	5	Noun
There are 2 more located outside of the main continent with Alaska way to the north and Hawaii in the Pacific .	6	Adposition
I would NOT recommend having a party here or even going here .	6	Noun
Sign - up lists will be available at the services on Feb. 27 and March 6 , or you can email me .	21	Pronoun
already have plans on thursday .	4	Proper Name
<< Enron - UC Master Agreement - 0308.doc >>	7	Noun
Both of these men are heavily involved in the private sector of the space industry , and both are also involved with another space company called SPACEHAB .	20	Adjective
a double-chinned , handsome dark blonde , the short high nose coming from the magnificent forehead , water-coloured eyes underlined with cuts of fatigue deep into each cheek .	10	Noun
We respect the fact that debate and discussion continue in many of our religious communities as to the scriptural , theological and liturgical issues involved .	10	Adjective
Separating a pair some time before a show ( killies are usually shown & judged & often sold as pairs ) will encourage them to court and show their best colors .	26	Conjunction
I was beside the bear 's head and I stabbed it with an upper cut below the jaw in the neck a couple of times . "	14	Noun
Yes , with one hand while you were busy stirring a pot with the other .	2	Adposition
Scientists can argue all they want about how many degrees Celsius -- or Fahrenheit -- the planet is warming and what the trend portends , but meanwhile Earth 's plants , insects and animals are not waiting for the outcome .	1	Verb
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I am determined to prove to the Admissions committment that I can do the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business .	7	Verb
Gazing out across the valley and then calmly at him , she had her look of wanting to find out exactly what they were talking about .	12	Verb
It is also that circle that leads the way in blaming everybody outside the Moslem world , for the miseries of the region .	0	Pronoun
Islamabad accuses New Delhi of using its consulates in Kandahar and Jalalabad to train Balochi insurgents who are active in Pakistani Balochistan .	10	Conjunction
WHEREAS , a body of men calling themselves the National Congress are now in session in Washington City , in violation of our Imperial edict of the 12th of October last , declaring the said Congress abolished ;	22	Pronoun
Other items include various shuttle simulators which will be given to the Adler Planetarium in Chicago , Illinois , the Evergreen Aviation & Space Museum of McMinnville , Oregon , and Texas A&M 's Aerospace Engineering Department .	31	Proper Name
He and his wife took over the Silver Rhino last year .	6	Determiner
" This strain helps with back pain , this strain helps with nausea , this product makes you sleep at night , " says Dietrich from the company 's headquarters in Denver , Colorado , where pot is sold legally .	17	Pronoun
can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep. ireland and put a irish pay , go dongle in it ?	20	Verb
To the north in Lebanon , there is serious debate within Hezbollah about entering the Lebanese political process in light of Syria 's promised withdrawal .	13	Masdar
If you want to plant the basil in a container , make sure it 's large enough to accommodate the number of plants you 're growing ;	24	Verb
Her best-known stories have been made into movies .	7	Noun
The dancers were falling back round a Polish agriculturalist who was teaching a gangling Englishman and two young Africans an Eastern European peasant dance .	1	Noun
It is also encouraging citizens to ask for application of the law in their local municipalities .	11	Noun
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	20	Pronoun
Anyway , I 'm sure my Mom told you guys but Travis and Kathy got to meet him and I think it went well .	23	Adverb
Alejandra González Anaya , one of the parade 's creative directors , explained to CNN why Mexico have decided now is the time to put on such a show .	24	Verb
Why do you think the Paralympic movement has so little visibility in the US compared to other countries like Australia , the United Kingdom and even Canada ?	11	Adposition
There are deals in the Aruba book so I 'm not sure why you are n't picking those up .	9	Verb
About exporting to XML files	1	Participle
They want to go , they 're longing to , you can see they ca n't stand the sight of your face when you 're working together ... which makes things very pleasant , you can imagine ...	20	Pronoun
A furry black band of ants led up a cupboard door to some scrap that had flicked from a plate .	9	Noun
The thing to do is to bring the right clothing with you , clothes so you can layer up if it is cold and take off layers when it warms up .	23	Conjunction
" Yes , " she said , and smiled .	4	Pronoun
Of course , the sooner the US soldiers can be withdrawn in favor of less - provocative local or international forces , the better .	12	Noun
we purchased a new home but was unable to sell our old house so we contacted this property management company and they have helped us quickly rent out our house and keep it maintained .	30	Conjunction
There was no ceiling and he looked up into the pattern of a spider 's web made by the supporting beams of the roof .	10	Noun
Copies of this message are located below .	2	Determiner
Le petit is the best place to get your nails done !	10	Verb
Some individuals reported that when they are able to reach the site , all they get is a message stating , " The word scientology means search for truth ... " .	9	Verb
Controls in the Form , Report , or page footer sections will be placed as unbound controls in the navigation section of the outermost group level .	8	Noun
She was offered several scripts , television commercials , and stage projects , but none piqued her interest .	2	Verb
Its architecture , tree-lined boulevards and relaxed pace make it one of the highlights of Iran .	0	Pronoun
We met a couple of weeks later , Ted was late .	0	Pronoun
If you can present opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds , or other ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the S@P , I 'd listen .	13	Noun
Food was cooked by many hands .	0	Noun
The Caribbean Sea had been unknown to the populations of Eurasia until 1492 , when Christopher Columbus first sailed into Caribbean waters on a quest to find a sea route to Asia .	7	Determiner
Karim - this 's likely the explanation to your other question ...	0	Proper Name
For example , if you move the Salesperson field to the MultiChart area , a chart is created based on data for each salesperson in that field .	7	Proper Name
neuroscientists have examined the neurobiological underpinnings of discrimination [ 7 – 9 ] ;	1	Verb
Will we be allowed to take duty free bottles onto our connecting flight to Christchurch ?	9	Adposition
Ironically sometimes it is wise to newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs .	12	Noun
It was so successful that the military continued to use it for many years after the war , and it was still in use in some countries in the 1980s .	1	Verb
We must accept that .	2	Verb
Method 2 Cooking In a Rice Cooker	2	Verb
Of course , the sooner the US soldiers can be withdrawn in favor of less - provocative local or international forces , the better .	7	Noun
First , the profitability of an innovation may not be a good measure of its net contribution to our standard of living .	14	Determiner
After a series of economic setbacks , health problems , and prohibitions from the Tsar , the couple were finally able to wed .	2	Noun
In an apparently unrelated incidents , some eleven Iraqis were killed by snipers on Tuesday , including a group of police trainees in a bus near Hilla and two police in Kirkuk .	0	Adposition
Harry felt a hot surge of anger .	4	Noun
And noticed two other breeds that look a lot alike .	4	Noun
It ’s important that the joke ’s target ( the most basic element of your material ) be suited to your audience .	21	Noun
Sending the family servant to stop Harry from going back to Hogwarts also sounded exactly like the sort of thing Malfoy would do .	0	Participle
South Korea had recently started to broadcast propaganda from loudspeakers after an 11-year lull .	13	Noun
And I present to you a concept that these are extended neurological membranes .	9	Verb
best square slice around .	1	Adjective
Bray saw Margot Wentz put up her head with a quick grimace-smile , as if someone had told an old joke she could n't raise a laugh for .	2	Proper Name
So I decided to sell eHow and use the proceeds to build wikiHow .	2	Verb
" Kosher food is far more expensive than other kinds , " I say .	8	Adjective
If these weapons have gone missing it 's a terrifying prospect . "	3	Verb
It is neither desirable nor feasible for China to return to the trajectory of 10 % annual growth that it achieved in the three decades after 1980 .	20	Verb
In general , avoid doing the following to prevent problems caused by mixing queries created under different ANSI SQL query modes :	20	Noun
In the winter , they will usually go deep underground and enter a hibernation - like state called brumation , which is characterized by a slowed metabolism and reduced activity .	22	Verb
In line with the above analysis and in the light of the conclusions of the evaluator of Pericles , this Communication is accompanied by a proposal for the adaptation and continuation of Pericles .	19	Determiner
Not for the first time , an argument had broken out over breakfast at number four , Privet Drive .	9	Participle
The analysis shows a direct link between the number of cigarettes smoked in a lifetime and the number of mutations in tumour DNA .	10	Noun
Shakespeare continued to act in his own and other plays after his success as a playwright .	2	Particle
HTML , while well suited for providing text and image display information for Web browsers , is limited in its ability to define data and data structures .	21	Particle
there is no oppression of Russian speakers in Ukraine , and there never has been .	0	Adverb
I guess if you are someone not familiar with how NASA benefits our society I can see how one might form the opinion of yheggy - ga .	20	Verb
I did n't argue with him but I asked him what he believed would be a viable solution to this mess .	12	Verb
Some times , the airline provides these at the airport , however check first that this is the case .	18	Noun
If you are new to " The Cat Album " I can tell you that you 'll find more than 1100 pictures of cute cats at this site .	17	Verb
Findings of Lapita pottery suggest that early-Polynesians were on these islands close to 3000 years ago .	1	Adposition
Oh Hjalmar Wentz must have been .	3	Verb
What is okay ?	1	Verb
The rapporteur has pointed out to the House that in its common position the Council has accepted six of Parliament 's ten amendments put forward at first reading and that the substance of Parliament 's other amendments has been retained .	23	Participle
I had n't seen a lot of the episodes and then my phone started lighting up .	5	Noun
wow , the representative went way above and beyond in helping me with my account set up .	5	Adverb
I have a 3 week old baby budgie and I noticed that his / her mother does not stay with him in the nest at night .	0	Pronoun
In my letter to Le Monde I had said that in the French tradition there were two attitudes toward the Jews : a revolutionary attitude which had resulted in their enfranchisement , and an anti-Semitic one .	28	Adposition
Will businesses that were new in 2005 have become a household name due to their efforts in rebuilding the gulf coast ?	3	Verb
Enjoy the restful periods when you can .	1	Determiner
We will try to complete the I/C with the earliest in - service date possible , but with conditions as they are , a realistic date would be June 15 , 2002 .	19	Conjunction
I called the " 207 " number and listened to the same recording loop 3 times before I gave up .	11	Adjective
This was a very difficult decision , but one that was made with the American public in mind .	12	Adposition
But , as the criticism of Clinton as First Lady became more caustic , Karel became more empathetic .	4	Noun
Run do n't walk .	0	Verb
One of their many grieving Facebook posts has a line which would have delighted Chris : “ More African than you , I have not known . ”	22	Pronoun
I met him last week at the meeting of the Science and Industry Advance with Mathematics society at the University of Houston .	8	Adposition
I am thinking here , amongst other things , of issues such as the law on abortion .	5	Adposition
Although it pales in comparison to later works , some critics consider it a quality text .	0	Conjunction
There are to many people that need our business to have to put up with this unfair treatment !!!!!	8	Noun
The apartment loomed up around him as a kind of blur .	1	Noun
" The hardest blow on Americans , " concluded Roberts , " will fall when China does revalue its currency .	3	Noun
The absence of his name from the 1605 cast list for Jonson 's Volpone is taken by some scholars as a sign that his acting career was nearing its end .	0	Determiner
I would rate Fran pcs an A + because the price was lower than everyone else , i got my computer back the next day , and the professionalism he showed was great .	24	Noun
I have a few questions , first I want to start a sump filter , but I have no idea on how the water intake and water return would work .	21	Adverb
What policies and at what level ?	4	Determiner
In all , we received requests for 61 persons outside of Enron to host an eSpeak event .	4	Verb
Owing to its history , Łódź has an impressive collection of residential , commercial and industrial 19th-century architecture including some of Europe 's largest factory buildings , now mostly repurposed as shopping centres or lofts .	22	Particle
Claire Warwick c.l.h.warwick@durham.ac.uk Durham University , United Kingdom	0	Proper Name
After searching high and low for a salesman , I was treated like dirt , and we left .	12	Adposition
No term or provision of this License shall be deemed waived and no breach consented to unless such waiver or consent shall be in writing and signed by the party to be charged with such waiver or consent .	16	Conjunction
Makes me want to race !!!	1	Pronoun
· Moving things with large muscles .	1	Verb
The price of crude oil on the international market hit a record $ 70.85 a barrel due to the vulnerability of oil and gas fields in the Gulf of Mexico .	10	Determiner
Madam President , in the Swedish version of Amendment No-4 there is an unfortunate mistake .	0	Noun
I really do belive he left the nail out becuse of the horse s Hoof condition and It s a added bonus he would get to see her again	3	Verb
I see the merit in flowing with duality .	4	Conjunction
How would I need to set a sump for this 10 gallon ?	5	Verb
As I mentioned in my voice mail , Mike Roberts going to hire Sara Woody , a recent MBA grad from Rice , into his group .	17	Adjective
The question posed by this research is , fundamentally , an examination of how the problem of “ access ” is framed in postdigital society from the perspective of the consumer .	21	Verb
From the South - US-75 from Okmulgee , OK , aka the " Okmulgee Beeline . "	2	Proper Name
Keep his cage open and go on your computer , or read a book , etc and maybe he will come out to you .	4	Conjunction
On 3 November , NASA administrator Michael Griffin told the US house science committee that the agency expects to invest about $ 500 million in the commercial cargo and crew project over five years .	25	Determiner
According to Professor S D Muni , South Asia expert at the Jawaharal Nehru University , the two - year peace talks between Colombo and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) are stalemated .	1	Adposition
Below I pasted the email text , and it has a link to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created .	4	Noun
We aim to investigate the contributions of the use of a system that integrates cognitive digital games to a database , of the Escola do Cérebro , for monitoring and improvement of cognitive skills , highlighting the attention .	24	Proper Name
The " trillion spore " issue was at the heart of a lot of mistaken theories of the matter concluding that state sponsorship was necessarily indicated .	7	Adposition
Cheapest drinks in Keene !	2	Adposition
My country is one of them .	5	Pronoun
The prosecution was charging he was a rogue using his contacts from former service in both CIA and the ' Office of Naval Intelligence ' .	4	Pronoun
It took all the courage I could muster to make an appointment .	8	Particle
It clearly gives the Admin a very strong upper hand to control who when and where direct access can occur without having to say that they oppose direct access .	12	Pronoun
Around 230 years after Shakespeare 's death , doubts began to be expressed about the authorship of the works attributed to him .	9	Verb
The flat-rate approach produces more risk of overcompensation , which is why we have set the margin at 2.6 -% .	11	Adverb
I will NEVER do business with Sun Toyota again .	5	Adposition
If you prefer larger cupcakes , then add a half a cup but make sure the muffin pan is larger and the cupcake holders are bigger .	7	Verb
These work only on a single line of sight , so you need to know the exact path the mice are taking .	7	Adposition
I popped in after my afternoon pumpkin spice latte break at Starbucks .	2	Adverb
We are from Virginia and just moved here a year ago .	10	Adverb
For banks incorporated in a non-approved jurisdiction , it may be possible for them to trade out of a branch located in an approved jurisdiction ( i.e. U.S. and U.K. branches ) .	2	Verb
there might be bigger and more well known bagel places in the area but Family Bagels are nice people , small shop and incredibly friendly .	11	Determiner
I will not eat halal meat , so guess what , I opted for foods which were n't a meat dish , there were plenty of other options .	24	Noun
In order to form a callous and prevent rot , cure the cuttings by sitting the pad upright in a dry , dark place for 10 to 14 days .	5	Noun
Daily 08:00 - 20:00 , Su 08:00 - 14:00 .	6	Numeral
The attempts at making peace finally ended in spring of 1415 and Enrique decided to execute his plan : an invasion of the entire Kingdom of France .	19	Determiner
Her work was noticed and she was recognized as a promising new author .	4	Conjunction
I am going to be the Senior Regulatory Counsel at ISO New England starting on April 9 , 2001 .	4	Verb
The BBC is not responsible for the content of this e-mail , and anything written in this e-mail does not necessarily reflect the BBC 's views or opinions .	4	Adjective
In 1599 , a partnership of company members built their own theatre on the south bank of the River Thames , which they called the Globe .	17	Determiner
But they remain uncertain about whether China aims to beat the United States to the moon in its secretive space effort .	15	Noun
Would n't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves , or to talk their sons into doing it , if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor ?	4	Determiner
With the fall of the Qing dynasty in 1911 , Mongolia under the Bogd Khaan declared independence .	0	Adposition
If such a decision is taken with respect to only one of the acceding States this Treaty shall enter into force for that State on 1 January 2008 .	8	Adposition
Please let me know what type of statement I should make back to the customer .	13	Determiner
This disc allowed Rona to create lab specimens of polonium , which were used in much of the Institute 's subsequent research .	19	Particle
Then he renigged when he read my Health Care Proxy , even though i agreed to be on the ventilator for 2 months following surgery ( as he had twice stated i must agree to ) .	8	Proper Name
I feed them Flakes , and Live Earthworms uncut everyday .	5	Conjunction
Among the weapons intercepted were two rocket - propelled - grenade launchers , 20 assault rifles , M - 79 grenade launchers and more than 10,000 rounds of ammunition .	15	Noun
On Jan. 31 , Oregon Federal District Court Judge Robert E. Jones appeared to agree with them .	6	Proper Name
Most of the tourists that I 've come across buy tours along the My Tho waterfront .	14	Proper Name
" He did what he thought had to be done at the time to keep the power flowing . "	9	Verb
This is the most humble gym you will every step into .... if you dare to work on your body do n't be surprised when you see how addicting going to FITNESS UNLIMITED can be !!	29	Verb
Patience is the key here .	2	Determiner
Later , when Augustus founded the Roman Empire , the Romans referred to the Mediterranean as Mare Nostrum ( " Our Sea " ) .	15	Adposition
68 - Number of days after taking office that Bush decided Not to ratify the Kyoto Protocol , the international treaty to reduce greenhouse gases by roughly 5.2 per cent below 1990 levels by 2012 .	12	Particle
Romeo and Juliet , the famous romantic tragedy of sexually charged adolescence , love , and death ;	9	Adverb
Any permitted use will be in compliance with Creative Commons ' then - current trademark usage guidelines , as may be published on its website or otherwise made available upon request from time to time .	0	Determiner
As a boy he had spent many hours under the night sky trying to tally the clusters of pinprick lights with the shapes of bears , bulls , archers , and water carriers .	24	Noun
The latter , regarding the Jesuit order , illustrated his lifelong admiration for the Catholic Church .	15	Noun
Used as a help for horses that are quite strong pullers while hacking , hunting and doing cross country .	2	Determiner
My take is that the UDCs will be indifferent to this ( maybe ? ) and our # 1 priority is to work to get the PG&E model adopted across the state .	21	Particle
No , but I do believe some Koreans reside in the country of HA - ha !	12	Adposition
It was now past five o'clock .	0	Pronoun
Good point , but I 'm comfortable we 're covered because our bidders were all bidding on a chunk of capacity and primary points .	4	Pronoun
I am just middle aged and do not want to die , but thanks to this doctor i have no other alternatives .	10	Verb
Your predecessor said earlier – we only finished the debate barely twenty minutes ago – that this report would be voted on tomorrow .	11	Numeral
similarly , human beings may behave both as individual particles and as components of a larger wave .	12	Noun
The Rock revolution happened in the Sixties ( 6 , number of the Beast ) .	11	Adposition
giving the new kitten her own small territory will help her to feel safe and will give her a place to go to when scared .	0	Verb
ANTONIO PEREZ 1535 - 1611 [ Philip II 's renegade Secretary of State ]	8	Particle
But the depth and persistence of the ongoing crisis have exposed the euro 's fundamental fragilities , and should serve as a warning that today 's technocratic Band - Aids may not hold in the face of another shock .	33	Adposition
Neil Bayley was the one to find this out , because of some domestic mishap or misunderstanding that made his arrival at the visitors ' stand very late .	0	Proper Name
how can we ensure that Union policy interfaces with the subsidiary national policies for regional development ?	15	Noun
I have had parakeets for a VERY long time , and I use pledge .	12	Verb
Hope you do n't miss it too much .	4	Verb
Compared to previous third party candidates at the gubernatorial level , you have done exceptionally well in opinion polling .	1	Adposition
They want to save their friend .	4	Pronoun
I doubt he will be extradited to Venezuela , which is the only way that question could be answered with a Yes .	14	Determiner
After he found out from somebody else , Archibald attempted to talk to Mr. Bush about it .	2	Verb
During his time there , Kipling also met and fell in love with Florence Garrard who was boarding with Trix at Southsea ( to which Trix had returned ) .	26	Verb
0 - Number of times Bush mentioned Osama bin Laden in his three State of the Union addresses .	15	Determiner
Compared to previous third party candidates at the gubernatorial level , you have done exceptionally well in opinion polling .	8	Adjective
We 'll show them how good we all are and well-meaning and generous and open-minded and evenhanded .	1	Verb
Find him before he finds the dog food .	0	Verb
I have n't seen her for a couple of weeks and have only talked to her .	7	Noun
There remained the problem of how to occupy his thoughts as he followed the old man .	7	Verb
Scientific research to develop products like irradiated sterile insects or the Oxitec mosquitoes proceeds progressively from more to less contained conditions – from the laboratory to confined trials to limited field trials .	20	Noun
I would reccomend anyone to go see Jana Kueck and Robin Talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer .	17	Noun
At first glance , for a city of 760,000 and agglomeration of 1.428,000 , there does not seem to be much to see .	8	Numeral
James J. Hoecker , the former Federal Energy Regulatory Commission chairman , defended making the December decision and also defended Winter .	16	Noun
Fresh Design Studio helped jump - start my own business by providing affordable and effective marketing materials : logo , flyers , posters ad design , and more .	16	Noun
SamChawk@aol.com on 09/11/99 07:48:44 PM	4	Noun
In the throes of crisis , generalization is the norm ;	7	Verb
He should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark - skinned foreigners want extradited , CIA operative Michael Meiring .	14	Noun
Iranian officials are deeply concerned about the US occupation of Shindand , a massive Soviet - era airbase just 30 kilometres from Iran ’s border .	12	Determiner
If you are familiar with Microsoft Excel PivotTable reports and want to work with the data in Excel , there are two ways to accomplish this .	25	Pronoun
I ve been dating a man from brittany france for a couple of months now .	12	Adposition
There is much work to do in defining the content and regularity of the report and even more work to do to identify reliable sources of data for compiling the report .	20	Verb
If yes , was Canada involved in this act / law ?	10	Noun
In Wei 's art , a logician could see mathematical logic , a cellist could see a ripple of nine bass notes , a country girl could see straw , and Harry Potter could see two accompanied green blazes .	6	Noun
Another report from the cliff made me think suddenly of that ship of war I had seen firing into a continent .	18	Adposition
He also inspected my entie roof to see if there was anything else that needed attention .	11	Pronoun
I liked it so much there I ended up doing a PhD and I 've been working on social insects ever since .	19	Noun
How to Make Skittles Vodka	0	Conjunction
After going to the hospital and paying ER prices ... there is no way I wo n't be back here !!	0	Conjunction
Genesis brought back a sample from the Sun almost two years ago , but Stardust is also bringing back the first solid samples from the local interstellar medium —	14	Proper Name
We have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose .	18	Adjective
He married Althea Lucille Sprague , who died in 1993 .	9	Numeral
When the Hasid returns to his seat after prayers , I tell him that my wife , a woman of learning , will be lecturing at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem .	20	Participle
Europe , more than any other region , is the key .	10	Noun
We felt we made it better because it introduced a process for review and refund . "	5	Adjective
I 'm wary of jumping into this fray without backup , that 's for damn sure . :)	4	Verb
It was their owl , a youngster who had hatched out down in the field and was heard every night .	5	Determiner
They want to use LTS to tie into NASA 's vision for Space Exploration , and seem pleased that the White House is moving in that direction .	6	Verb
Not long ago he was divorced from the actress , Gloria Holden , but carried the torch after the marital rift .	2	Adverb
USI 's art gallery , like 189 other educational galleries and museums around the country , is a recipient of a major Warhol donor program , and this program is cultivating new interest in Warhol 's photographic legacy .	3	Noun
This past week marked the opening night of an Andy Warhol exhibit at the University of Southern Indiana .	13	Determiner
turn the modem off and see if the sound is still there ... could be static on the line ... if the sound is still there with the modem off then the problem is NOT the DSL ....	21	Determiner
Hoped it was not true .	2	Verb
PONCHATOULA , La. --	2	Proper Name
With Bush , the aggressive militarism of the Bush administration , as predicted , induced Russia to extend further its offensive military capacity ; it ’s still going on right now .	16	Particle
Students at LUISS University were told during the course of a meeting which took place in Rome .	6	Adposition
We 'll show them how good we all are and well-meaning and generous and open-minded and evenhanded .	5	Adjective
I am SO GLAD to have found Dr. Liau .	2	Adverb
This , Pakistan 's lobbyist in Washington Christina Rocca has been told , is the " minimum " that the Pakistan army will accept .	6	Proper Name
K.C. Maurer , chief financial officer and treasurer at the Andy Warhol Foundation , said 500 institutions received the initial invitation and currently 190 universities have accepted one or more donations .	9	Determiner
This magma tends to be very viscous due to its high silica content , so it often does not reach the surface but cools at depth .	22	Conjunction
For example , you can group the values in the ShippedDate field into months to show data for orders shipped in January , orders shipped in February , and so on .	15	Verb
Since so much of the town ’s retail area is clustered in 3 or 4 block radius , it would be beneficial to walk around , but might also be dangerous given the high traffic intersections .	7	Noun
The word renaissance ( Rinascimento in Italian ) means “ rebirth ” , and the era is best known for the renewed interest in the culture of classical antiquity after the period that Renaissance humanists labelled the Dark Ages .	36	Determiner
Both students of Goffredo Petrassi , Ennio Morricone and Bruno Nicolai met at the Santa ( Saint ) Cecelia conservatory .	12	Adposition
If you graduated you were assigned a fighter , if you were not quite fighter pilot material you had no response to fly another aircraft , you were washed out .	29	Adposition
Other places were scattered about the Equator , and in every sort of latitude all over the two hemispheres .	2	Verb
The waters of the islands are known for their clarity , it being said that you can see the bottom at 40 metres .	22	Noun
Already I 'm considering future projects , and I can assure you that for my printing needs I will be choosing no other than Atlanta Paperback Book Printing .	12	Conjunction
At first , it looked as though Uncle Vernon would manage to gloss the whole thing over ( Just our nephew – very disturbed meeting strangers upsets him , so we kept him upstairs )	29	Adverb
Today , European leaders are indulging in triumphalism , viewing the current economic reprieve as a validation of failed transnational governance structures .	2	Adjective
Tues. Oct. 3 - Fly London to Houston ( lv. around noon , arrv. around 4:30 pm )	2	Numeral
Insert a candle and it gives light only to the holder !	7	Adverb
Still , you have a better chance of some peace and quiet , and the weather can be surprisingly better in April and September than in mid-July – again , it ’s all part of the uncertainty principle .	22	Conjunction
Find a quarter or another small coin .	2	Noun
There are deals in the Aruba book so I 'm not sure why you are n't picking those up .	12	Adverb
Pack a separate box of essentials you may need for the first night at your new house .	3	Noun
But following Stillman was not wandering .	0	Conjunction
The central station is at 319 S. Denver ( downtown ) .	9	Noun
The rain had stopped now , and although the sky was still gray , far to the west Quinn could see a tiny shift of light seeping through the clouds .	23	Noun
We are here .	0	Pronoun
The largest of the trainers , this addition will allow visitors to actually climb aboard the trainer and experience the hands-on training that astronauts get .	12	Adverb
It will be interesting to see whether or not Google will finally slay the Microsoft Goliath , who has known no major defeat and seeks to vanquish all competition .	10	Verb
You could stay in a city & get a bus tour to say the Cliffs of Moher or Dingle peninsula but you will be with all the other tourists .	17	Conjunction
It may seem that the common agricultural policy or the trans-European transport network are higher priorities , but they are not .	12	Noun
Those who were tripped were then crushed by the wave of people behind them .	0	Pronoun
The award comes with a $ 3,500 ( U.S. ) grant .	1	Noun
That is the information I have on this type of activity .	6	Adposition
I Highly Recommend , The Law Offices Of Dale Gribow !!	5	Noun
The Canadian Regenesis actress Mayko Nguyen has Japanese connection or is it her fake name ?	3	Noun
It shall submit a draft of the protocols for conclusion to the Council .	4	Noun
I , nor anyone else in my family , will ever go to Sun Devil Auto again .	0	Pronoun
My insurance company , Blue Cross / Blue Shield paid the fees and everything was fine .	4	Proper Name
Afterwards as the evening faded he cleaned the gun almost by feel and the clean , practical smell of gun-oil conveyed the simple satisfaction of the task .	9	Adverb
Chairman Sibley and Chairman Wolens ( of the Texas legislature ) are also engaged in market developments .	3	Proper Name
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	16	Adposition
Will you please run a June NX3 / NX1 for our book .	4	Determiner
And always , always train with love and positive methods - never hit or harshly scold .	0	Conjunction
Thank you for helping me get more healthy !	1	Pronoun
An autofilter is always applied before a conditional filter , regardless of the order in which you applied them .	15	Pronoun
Wires sometimes get crossed . A person tries to call a number , and even though he dials correctly , he gets someone else .	17	Verb
We are currently living a mile from the town in a house surrounded by fields but the new house is beside a busy road .	4	Determiner
Calls are now forwarded to Malcolm Smith Motorsports down the road .	9	Determiner
My wife know my harmless secret and supports me .	1	Noun
Relief agencies are trying to help hundreds of thousands of displaced people while authorities have vowed to restore security in New Orleans following a breakdown of law and order .	21	Proper Name
Because of my academic and professional background , I understand the issues and challenges facing Virginia much better than the other candidates , and I am offering real solutions that can be appreciated across the political spectrum .	6	Noun
Auster retreated to the kitchen to prepare the food .	3	Determiner
Nice local pub , excellent food ( especially wings ) , and do n't go if you have a limited amount of time .	11	Conjunction
I will be in Houston on May 11th and would like to visit with you in early afternoon if possible .	19	Adjective
Below is the church , portions of which go back to the fourth century .	3	Noun
The L.I.T is so close to Moyross , yet again the ppl who talk sh*t about Moyross still go there .	9	Adverb
Get plenty of sleep and make sure you take time out to do some things you enjoy .	10	Adverb
Their chauvinisms got to the point that even they themselves hated each other .	0	Pronoun
I was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that I have had in my life .	14	Verb
For something that lasts hours , go to the next method ( which is a lot easier to facilitate if you have access to a laboratory , but it 's still worth mentioning ) .	15	Adverb
The theme this year was " Maternal and Child Health and Nutrition . "	3	Noun
If I come towards him , he will run away .	0	Conjunction
Mohammed allegedly was hiding in the home of the Pakistani bacteriologist Dr. Abdul Qadoos Khan .	11	Proper Name
Try their weekend " tastings " which you can learn about by getting on their weekly email list .	8	Verb
and yet , as if by conscious design , he kept to a narrowly circumscribed area , bounded on the north by Riverside Park , and on the east by Amsterdam Avenue .	9	Pronoun
Phil if you could please make copies and distribute ASAP .	3	Verb
It also is likely people have released some of these animals into the wild hoping they would survive -- for instance , a ranger in Glacier Park caught someone in this very act not long ago .	4	Noun
The guide is problematic , firstly because it has been developed " in the context of a state of emergency " .	10	Verb
The greeter said there was about 15 minutes waiting .	6	Numeral
I just found out that I need to take the TX driver s exam both written and on the rode .	10	Proper Name
From there , you can look up at the islands La Désirade , Petite Terre , Marie Galante , Les Saintes , La Dominique but also have a perfect view of the islands Grande Terre and far away Basse Terre .	0	Adposition
We believe it addresses many of the issues and concerns you have raised in the workshops .	5	Adposition
We were always having our water shut off , there were always people having parties at the pool , even after it was supposed to be closed .	26	Verb
In the message , the former Minister for Justice accused Brice Hortefeux of being a ' fascist ' , ' Minister ( moron ) of the Interior ' and a ' thug ' .	14	Determiner
I came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction , which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to an account requiring maximum confidence .	14	Noun
The soup was stone cold , but he drank half of it in one gulp .	6	Conjunction
Thanks again Saucey 's .	1	Adverb
He 's pretty much an " I love American Food , good drinks on occasion , laid back . " kind of guy . ;)	14	Noun
The total for performance pay and bonus that year was $ 1.5 million , about the same level as for 2015 - 2016 .	20	Numeral
Some 20 th - century scholars have suggested that Shakespeare may have been employed as a schoolmaster by Alexander Hoghton of Lancashire , a Catholic landowner who named a certain " William Shakeshafte " in his will .	34	Adposition
After my trees were cleaned up , they gave me a jar of salsa .	3	Verb
You have to have very good teachers in mathematics if you really want to enjoy and to succeed in it .	7	Adposition
According to a post she made on the internet , Aafia Siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with US appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of WTC 1993 plotter Ramzi Yousef from Pakistan .	15	Noun
After that , what do we do ?	6	Verb
Auster 's building was in the middle of the long block that ran between 116th and 119th Streets , just south of Riverside Church and Grant 's Tomb .	15	Conjunction
Its guarantee of liberties promised to dissolve inter-communal tensions and transform the empire into a more harmonious place .	6	Verb
THANK YOU !!	1	Pronoun
In the end , his health fails and he is consumed by his own confusion .	0	Adposition
A suit against the New York Times and columnist Nicholas Kristof was dismissed in late November 2004 .	2	Adposition
If elected governor , how will you be able to implement your agenda while dealing with a hostile legislature ?	6	Pronoun
Going back to have some lab coats done this weekend !	3	Verb
It seemed to go on for hours .	3	Verb
where can I find the best tours to the Mekong Delta at reasonable prices ?	12	Adjective
You ll find world-class museums and cultural events , professional sports and amusement parks , and the most golf courses per capita in the United States .	13	Noun
The metal rail of the steps wheeled against the plane was icy-wet to his palm and in the streaming rain he did not smell the Aegean or thyme , as he had remembered from other journeys to Africa .	17	Determiner
" I am frankly revolted by the response of the Bush - Bashers ; " Sorry chaps , but you did have it coming ... "	1	Pronoun
Indeed , Sistani 's agents all over the country have been quite active in educating Iraqi Shia on the merits of elections , which has led to the assassination of at least two of them .	16	Proper Name
As early as 1926 , Meyer had written to Irène Joliot - Curie suggesting that Rona work with her to learn how his laboratory could make their own polonium samples .	15	Proper Name
For the proof is that we still read the book .	8	Determiner
If their condemnation seems to be reasonable , they probably are n't hubristic .	10	Verb
You could see from afar the white of their eyeballs glistening .	10	Participle
Getting the Spanish out of Iraq is n't nearly as good a rallying cry for al - Qaeda in the Arab world as getting the Americans and British out .	12	Noun
They promise them the delights , mostly sexual , of the next world , and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead .	9	Adposition
It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms , a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war .	2	Verb
We in Parliament would like to add a third category covering organic products that also comply with environmental and animal protection criteria .	21	Noun
The Only Catch Is That You HAVE To Have An Income ABOVE $ 21,000 ...... And ...... You HAVE To Follow The Easy Instructions Provided To You .	6	Verb
I am forwarding for your attention the resume of Peter Percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems .	20	Adposition
Silkie crosses are great birds , and very neat looking .	9	Verb
Or was that a later one ?	4	Adjective
How else can excellent be described for a business of this sort ?	11	Noun
We could certainly slow the aging process down if it had to work its way through Congress .	3	Verb
Wentz , Hjalmar Wentz , we met on the plane .	3	Proper Name
To get away from the traffic snarl you could climb a nearby mountain and come down to a deserted beach , similar to the beach at Sdot Yam .	0	Particle
I called on a Friday at 12:30 complaining of a severe toothache .	9	Determiner
My first visit was so fun yesterday .	6	Noun
Surprisingly , this little strip mall restaurant has the best sushi I 've found in the Tampa area .	5	Noun
They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs , as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs	8	Conjunction
and she was always really shy to show that off to people , and I wanted to help her show that stuff , and I wanted to bring it out to the world .	7	Verb
Iranian officials are deeply concerned about the US occupation of Shindand , a massive Soviet - era airbase just 30 kilometres from Iran ’s border .	20	Noun
I really enjoyed the staff at Wessex , also the manager Sherri was always very nice and helpful .	5	Adposition
Christian Wolmar , who has written a number of books on railway history , will stand in the contest on 1 December .	11	Noun
Marvel Consultants , Inc. 28601 Chagrin Blvd. Cleveland , Ohio 44122 USA Email : recruiters@marvelconsultants.com < mailto:recruiters@marvelconsultants.com > Phone : 216-292-2855 Fax : 216-292-7207	18	Noun
The Rev. Gerald Robinson appeared stony - faced as the jury 's guilty verdict was read , and he blinked repeatedly and glanced at his lawyers before being led away in handcuffs .	25	Noun
Full interview with Kristin Wilkins , curator of the exhibition at the University of Southern Indiana .	1	Noun
Creative Commons will not be liable to You or any party on any legal theory for any damages whatsoever , including without limitation any general , special , incidental or consequential damages arising in connection to this license .	32	Verb
( 16 ) Priority should be given to alternative courses of action such as self-regulation by the industry where such action is likely to deliver the policy objectives faster or in a less costly manner than mandatory requirements .	32	Adverb
Thanks again to my friend Nick Keck for passing this along via e-mail .	3	Pronoun
Meanwhile , Arthur Levitt has agreed to meet with us in September to brainstorm on the ideas we 've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them .	27	Adposition
We do not want to make the conditions of competition worse for some countries unilaterally and improve them for countries such as Austria or other transit countries .	8	Adposition
He seems to have wished for the Senate and the state to simply act without him and his direct orders were rather vague , inspiring debate more on what he actually meant than on passing his legislation .	9	Determiner
The doctor bares my mother ’s arm , where the crepey flesh hangs loosely on the bones .	11	Noun
Newsweek reported that a " second wave " involving biological attacks had been thwarted upon the arrest of Al Qaeda members who had been intended to provide logistical support .	12	Verb
they seemed more interested in helping me find the right car rather then just make a sale .	6	Pronoun
The papers found at headquarters of the Mukhabarat , Iraq 's secret police , show that an entourage from Al Qaeda group was sent to the Iraqi capital in March 1998 from Sudan .	1	Noun
In the end , these choices provide the greatest number of people with the best opportunity to share in the history and accomplishments of NASA 's remarkable Space Shuttle Program .	10	Adposition
It is naïve for emerging - market governments to expect major financial centers to adjust their policies in response to economic conditions elsewhere .	20	Adjective
the debtors / creditors partial circularisation initiated for close of business 23rd	5	Noun
The ReportML language is made up of a set of tags that describe a form , report or data access page 's properties , events , and attributes .	4	Participle
You should not wai service people or street vendors .	0	Pronoun
is it comparable to sony products or not ??	2	Adjective
1983 - The year in which Donald Rumsfeld , Ronald Reagan 's special envoy to the Middle East , gave Saddam Hussein a pair of golden spurs as a gift .	6	Proper Name
American Food , Soul Food , Mexican , Italian , and Chinese are the options .	8	Adjective
You can tell when your king snake is about to shed , because its eyes will get milky looking .	7	Verb
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task ; but I am determined to prove to the Committee that I can be successful at The TEXAS Graduate School of Business .	25	Adjective
For example , in my made up language , ' Vogelaviatiolap ' means Bird .	12	Verb
Why would anybody want to start a city in the middle of a desert ?	7	Noun
Chairman Sibley and Chairman Wolens ( of the Texas legislature ) are also engaged in market developments .	13	Verb
She basically said if the children getting off the bus are n't paying to enter her building she was going to let them wander around the streets .	18	Verb
Imagine the growing regrets , the longing to escape , the powerless disgust , the surrender , the hate .	17	Determiner
Upon arrival at the school , however , it became clear that the children were not accustomed to playing with puppets and that the data collection would be a novel experience for them .	23	Determiner
It is not known exactly when Shakespeare began writing , but contemporary allusions and records of performances show that several of his plays were on the London stage by 1592 .	3	Participle
The connection , however , lies in an order issued last year by President Hu Jintao to seek secure oil supplies abroad - preferably ones which could not be stopped by America in case of conflict over Taiwan .	36	Adposition
I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts .	7	Noun
On the other side of the flag there was a chart of the manual alphabet – LEARN TO SPEAK TO YOUR FRIENDS – that showed the hand positions for each of the twenty-six letters .	14	Noun
I am going to have to miss your wedding .	7	Pronoun
you live in NZ and you eat McDonald s ice cream ?	6	Verb
He eats all of his grain but it just takes him a while to get it chewed because of the lack of muscle in his jaws .	8	Adverb
What are the limits that could inhibit the expression of religious beliefs in private companies ?	11	Noun
I also think that the Commission 's proposals are better able to provide this guarantee of dynamic equilibrium .	6	Particle
Upon return to New Orleans after the Hurricane Katrina evacuation , former residents have been informed that there are no available public housing units at River Garden because those units have been reserved for HANO employees .	32	Verb
These facilities we 've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and providing outstanding access to U.S. and international visitors . "	14	Masdar
It had got filled since my boyhood with rivers and lakes and names .	12	Noun
It had been hopeless from the very first . The flame had leaped high , driven everybody back , lighted up everything – and collapsed .	10	Noun
Montalvo is holding a copy of the book Blown for Good critical of Scientology , written by Marc Headley .	13	Proper Name
Summary : Not cheep , but very fast , and super friendly service .	11	Adjective
Jim Lobe has more on the political implications of the Fallujah assault , both in Iraq and in Washington .	9	Determiner
In that case , the matter turns out to be a national problem after all .	1	Determiner
If you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .	25	Adverb
Under the accord , a new northeastern provincial council was formed and the Indian army was deployed as peacekeepers in the north and east .	6	Adjective
In its communication , the Commission has presented some proposals for greater consistency between regional policy and competition policy in the EU .	0	Adposition
If you 're looking for homestyle Japanese food , you ca n't beat this	6	Adjective
Shake occasionally so the flavour mixes well .	2	Conjunction
We look to it to challenge the UK Government , to ensure that the private sector , which surely must be providing the major impetus for Structural Funds expenditure , is involved in the planning stage .	1	Verb
Well , not much I can say except I 'm very disappointed with this experience .	4	Pronoun
Whether you start the year as a single person looking for a partner , or you 've been married for many years , happiness in love does lie ahead .	23	Noun
Importing queries created under one ANSI SQL query mode into an Access database set to another mode , or exporting queries created under one ANSI SQL query mode to an Access database set to another mode .	32	Participle
Like all playwrights of the time , he dramatised stories from sources such as Plutarch and Holinshed .	13	Adposition
Harry , on the other hand , was small and skinny , with brilliant green eyes and jet-black hair that was always untidy .	3	Determiner
I did n't want any more loitering in the shade , and I made haste towards the station .	5	Adjective
But in the meantime , highly recommend jeans and long sleeves anytime you 'll be interacting with the kittens .	0	Conjunction
Sandbanks , marshes , forests , savages , – precious little to eat fit for a civilized man , nothing but Thames water to drink .	20	Adposition
I have been a friend and customer of Signs of Saltford for well over 12 years now and I also became their website supplier some 3 years ago .	16	Adverb
You can also remove fields that you no longer want to see from the PivotTable view layout .	10	Particle
You need to substitute a special character sequence ( called an " entity " by XML ) as follows :	4	Determiner
So we need to know the results of this debate and put them into effect .	5	Determiner
Yes , we should add compliance with OTC Derivatives and / or Commodity Contracts and Qualified Party requirements of the Securities Act ( Alberta ) , Securities Act ( British Columbia ) and Securities Act ( Ontario ) .	14	Conjunction
Commissioner , ladies and gentlemen , I would like to read her speech to you .	7	Verb
List everything , big and small , that you have to do for your entire day ; break big activities into smaller bits if necessary .	8	Pronoun
His 1835 novel Le Lys dans La Vallée features a cruel governess named Miss Caroline , modeled after his own caregiver .	0	Determiner
Oh , it was all right .	5	Adjective
Four more give the minimum and maximum declinations of the full moon : in summer , and in winter .	17	Adposition
Pets Discount has lovely employees , a wonderful grooming service , and everything I need to keep my dog in tip top condition !	3	Adjective
I would like to think that , given his previous experience as a regional President , he will agree to propose indicators , and a strategy , which will favour economic and social cohesion and not just productivity .	37	Noun
Sometimes you can make a bad decision very quickly , then regret it for many years to come .	0	Adverb
If I understand the interpreting correctly it seems that Mr Sjöstedt himself believes that national constitutions are more important than Community law .	16	Verb
If you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .	9	Noun
The kind of laugh they 've picked up from people like Uncle Willie said Neil .	2	Adposition
In March 2003 , Mohammed reportedly said that Moussaoui was not going to be part of 9/11 but was to be part of a " second wave . "	16	Numeral
He should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark - skinned foreigners want extradited , CIA operative Michael Meiring .	20	Proper Name
Wanted to buy a Rhino 700 and a Grizzly 700 .	1	Particle
Neither did Cheney , Rumsfeld , or Wolfowitz .	6	Conjunction
She was determined to make no end of fuss to get me appointed skipper of a river steamboat , if such was my fancy .	11	Pronoun
Basing letters on objects ( pictographs ) is an easy way to start a writing system .	2	Adposition
For the time , the report grew too large when it was being debated .	9	Conjunction
The gods represented distinctly the practical needs of daily life , and they were scrupulously accorded the rites and offerings considered proper .	20	Verb
You should not wai service people or street vendors .	1	Verb
The interim Governing Council issued a communique saying , " It is a proof of the emptiness of the Israeli authority and a destruction of the peace endeavors in the region . . .	10	Pronoun
Maybe I 'm missing something here , but how , exactly , does one ' Loose ' 200,000 AK47's ?	10	Adverb
Roly was a bachelor and his house was the particular mixture of tranquil luxury and unchangeable dreariness that is a condition of households where white men live indulged in the sole charge of black male servants .	24	Adjective
The successful launch from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in northwest China follows the solo flight of Yang Liwei in October 2003 .	8	Proper Name
If they do not , if businesspeople feel marginalised , if entrepreneurs cannot take part , not only in managing but also in receiving these funds , we will have missed an opportunity to attain our objectives more rapidly .	36	Noun
Watch out for the bottom stair , it creaks , Harry whispered back , as the twins disappeared onto the dark landing .	5	Noun
Should I just settle and book on line ?	2	Adverb
Filtering a field ( Autofiltering )	0	Participle
But even at these times the rest of his person seemed to disclaim the intention .	7	Adposition
Do not go there if you expect to sleep through the night .	9	Adposition
And by 2007 , at the height of its popularity ( and , perhaps , Knightley 's ) it was a top 50 name , with three times more babies named Keira than Kiera .	5	Determiner
With luck , the Kashmir Valley can attract investment from the Middle East and other locations where Muslims are dominant and become a tourist , education and services haven within India .	4	Proper Name
A more complex grid made of seven lines	5	Adposition
Inequality can corrupt and paralyze a country 's political system – and economic growth along with it .	11	Conjunction
First , Access searches for a RefLibPaths key in the following location in the Microsoft Windows Registry :	14	Proper Name
This refers to the alleged scanning of all Usenet traffic by the National Security Agency ( and possibly other intelligence organizations ) for interesting keywords .	12	Proper Name
Many of these products use natural ingredients , such as peppermint , that are known to be disagreeable to mice .	16	Verb
Call if you have questions or if I can be of any help .	7	Pronoun
He leads me from the Gai-Hinnom up to an ancient Karaite burial ground , where you can see the mingling for yourself .	16	Verb
With Bush , the aggressive militarism of the Bush administration , as predicted , induced Russia to extend further its offensive military capacity ; it ’s still going on right now .	8	Proper Name
I was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that I have had in my life .	3	Numeral
Moreover , many of the Macedonian and Persian elite intermarried .	6	Conjunction
Dark rain in the afternoon in London when the plane took off , at Rome the airport a vast , bleary shopwindow shining blurred colours through rain .	0	Adjective
i knew someone in college who had one and i loved it .	7	Numeral
Notwithstanding the foregoing two ( 2 ) sentences , if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder , it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor .	29	Noun
You will notice that Questar has requested a " Payment Plan " that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events .	3	Conjunction
The RHS collected comments sent in by schoolchildren and teachers involved in the experiment .	2	Verb
Auster looked the check over carefully and nodded .	3	Noun
I said I was going to trash it also and could I at least have a credit .	11	Pronoun
With the new data in hand , we can see that , surprisingly , the productivity gap persists even when women have equal access to inputs .	14	Determiner
Work that one out if you can !	0	Verb
With the demand so high , the question arises on to who should be or has the right to be the Santa of nuclear weapons .	15	Verb
no , i am not kidding and no i do n't want it b/c of the taco bell dog .	17	Proper Name
I have too many commitments right now .	5	Adverb
" Waclaw Hanski died in 1841 , and his widow and her admirer finally had the chance to pursue their affections .	20	Noun
The word ' ivory ' rang in the air , was whispered , was sighed .	1	Noun
Adopted and proclaimed by General Assembly resolution 217 A ( III ) of 10 December 1948 .	3	Adposition
You can also select the objects displayed in the data outline , set their properties , define and edit relationships between record sources , and delete fields and record sources .	25	Verb
Cervantes found the translation , had it rendered back into Spanish , and then published the book The Adventures of Don Quixote .	6	Pronoun
wikiHow is a collaborative effort to build the world 's largest , highest quality how-to manual .	6	Verb
Let aggressive ( American ) leaders and soldiers know that we are capable of protecting the city 's security and safety , and ask them to lift their hands from the city . "	7	Noun
Experiment with the flavors of either recipe by replacing the vanilla extract with fragrant ingredients like neroli orange oil , rosewater , orange blossom water or coconut extract .	24	Noun
I have been a friend and customer of Signs of Saltford for well over 12 years now and I also became their website supplier some 3 years ago .	25	Numeral
----== Posted via Newsfeed.Com - Unlimited - Uncensored - Secure Usenet News ==----	1	Verb
He was used to walking briskly , and all this starting and stopping and shuffling began to be a strain , as though the rhythm of his body was being disrupted .	29	Participle
A little help is always great . =)	3	Verb
Europe should not be completely absent , as the states tend to want .	1	Verb
The elderly servant who brought ice and lemon had the nicks at the outer corner of the eyes that Northern Gala people wore .	7	Noun
The nearest airports to Fort Lee are Newark Airport , LaGuardia Airport , Teterboro ( general aviation only ) , JFK and Westchester County Airport .	2	Noun
You 'll experience a new sense of purpose and make plenty of new friends .	8	Conjunction
Here is a product page from a company that makes mold making materials	6	Determiner
Once the Office Web Components are installed , users who have access to an Office 2002 license will be able to interact with and make changes to the components .	13	Determiner
I can just do that with my life .	0	Pronoun
Cities served are Tulsa , Sand Springs , Sapulpa , Jenks , and Broken Arrow .	1	Verb
Wire cages are NOT acceptable for dwarfs really , unless the bars have less than half a cm between them .	19	Pronoun
It is also a fact that almost everybody in the region blames this situation on the United States , on Israel , on Western Civilization , on Judaism and Christianity , on anyone and anything , except themselves .	7	Pronoun
I mean that was discussed in U.S arms control journals , that they would have to regard as a potential threat to their strategic deterrent , meaning as a first strike weapon .	16	Verb
Many other people Bray had seen at the ball streamed in in their finery :	11	Adposition
It does n't have to be underground it could be any type of music .	11	Noun
The city 's ambiance is colonial and the climate is tropical .	1	Noun
Hadid studied mathematics at the American University of Beirut before moving , in 1972 , to London to study at the Architectural Association School of Architecture .	19	Adposition
Whitmore stated Montalvo left Scientology-related employment in Los Angeles on September 24 .	7	Proper Name
This country can do with a few more white people like you , take it from me .	0	Determiner
This is simply a protective mechanism for their false image or their fantasy land .	12	Noun
A string of islands and reefs along the eastern edge of the Group shelters the area from strong winds and ocean swellS and humpback whales come to these protected waters to give birth .	23	Noun
" [ Ten ] years ago , a browser was born .	8	Noun
The former leader of the Egyptian Al - Gamaa al - Islamiya ( " Islamic Group " ) , he was also a spiritual leader of Al Qaeda .	5	Adjective
( to both myself and customers ) 3 ) I have never experienced so much rudeness coming from a business .	17	Adposition
If you do n't mind mixed flavors , you can just skip this step altogether .	0	Conjunction
Alternatively , if life has not been good to you so far , ( and considering your current situation this seems more likely ) consider how lucky you are that it will not be troubling you much longer .	21	Adverb
Six crew members were from the Arakan region of Myanmar .	5	Determiner
The oldest known historical reference to the city is to be found on an inscription of conquered sites at Thutmose 's temple at Karnak .	6	Determiner
If you need a cater that is affordable and easy to work with they are the ones .	16	Noun
And French he definitely is .	3	Adverb
You had to hand it to them , thought Harry , as George took an ordinary hairpin from his pocket and started to pick the lock .	1	Verb
I just adopted a 2 year old male German Shepherd with Major bad behaviors ?	2	Verb
For five years he had kept William Wilson 's identity a secret , and he was n't about to give it away now , least of all to an imbecile stranger .	20	Pronoun
The only hope now is that , following the elections , the National Assembly would offer the hand of peace and reconciliation to the dissenting parties .	7	Verb
Pictures in a form or report are converted to bitmaps and placed in a folder named " Images " .	2	Determiner
We infected the ants by preparing a solution of the fungus Beauveria bassiana .	5	Verb
First of all , if you call for an appointment they wo n't tell you to call back a month later so you can then make one .	15	Particle
Rafferty recorded a new version of his Humblebums song " Her Father Did n't Like Me Anyway " on the album Over My Head ( 1994 ) .	2	Determiner
With higher than average prices to boot !	1	Adjective
An act of special creation perhaps .	2	Adposition
The wit and wordplay of Much Ado About Nothing , the charming rural setting of As You Like It , and the lively merrymaking of Twelfth Night complete Shakespeare 's sequence of great comedies .	33	Noun
Both the time and the sequence of events of this incident were vigorously discussed .	0	Conjunction
I want to ask him why it was n't printed .	3	Verb
In spite of them , not everyone in the party understood the messages that the president tried to send to them yesterday .	15	Noun
Well if you are interested , I suggest you have a look at General Fiasco , Two Door Cinema Club and Wallis Bird .	17	Proper Name
I shall be available on both days .	0	Pronoun
Whoever wins election on November 5 , 2013 , would replace outgoing governor Bob McDonnell .	1	Verb
They have a natural instinct to hibernate .	2	Determiner
Great computer repair store , highly recommended .	3	Noun
Here and there bits of ancient Maya stonework can be seen reused in Spanish Colonial era buildings in the old part of town .	10	Verb
Unless the tank has a built in overflow box ( which I 'm certain it does n't ) then you have to get one of those hang on back overflow boxes so that you can install a sump .	7	Noun
Guerrillas killed an engineer , Asi Ali , from Tikrit .	0	Noun
But realizing this potential requires improving the business climate across the economy as a whole and within individual sectors – particularly by addressing the endemic corruption and weak rule of law that are deterring foreign and domestic investors alike .	22	Verb
Should flexibility of this kind result in there being inadequate rules in some countries then we should work towards greater harmonisation .	1	Noun
I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions ( first Argentina ) and thought your expertise would be very helpful .	3	Particle
Compared with my own objectives , I do not think the demands made by either of them are tough enough .	15	Adposition
You use the License Package Authoring Tool to create an appropriate license file for pages .	12	Noun
I never got a price quote over the phone and they take your cc info just to make the appointment because if you do n't show up , they 'll charge you .	11	Verb
I would n't have believed it of myself ; but , then – you see – I felt somehow I must get there by hook or by crook .	2	Adverb
Businesses had expected to start contracting in July , immediately after the Brexit vote , but instead have managed to keep growing steadily .	6	Adposition
The commission is definitely more responsive to market participants that are articulating the issue , providing specific examples and proposing the solution .	18	Conjunction
Absolutely .	0	Adverb
One thing is for sure , the economy is not faltering on my account .	4	Adjective
My brother was a runner and they used to call him The Birdman -- Birdie -- and they called me The Poet .	4	Noun
DNA is the only way to test this .	3	Adjective
Country not open or not have fixed strategy = NASA & Company to use " freeze thawed " strategy especially when the country has a challenging , growing and ambitious space program .	11	Noun
Argentinian foods of course , LMAO .	2	Adverb
Look forward to hearing your comments / suggestions .	4	Pronoun
" They ( electricity generators ) grinned and beared the $ 750 price cap , but this new plan by ISO was too much , " said Dunn , whose committee has been investigating since March .	32	Verb
I am sure she would like to hear from you .	2	Adjective
Madam President , I would firstly like to point out Mr Poettering 's lack of logic .	8	Verb
I 'll be having my equine chiro / acupuncturist out to do some work as well if I do get him ....	3	Verb
Have fun in Korea ~	3	Proper Name
The Victorians produced his plays as lavish spectacles on a grand scale .	1	Noun
In addition to encouraging foreign direct investment , the EU could provide support to train local companies ' managers and help them develop their business strategies , with service providers remunerated by equity stakes or profit - sharing .	32	Noun
The term of office of the other Judge shall expire on 31 August 2010 .	5	Determiner
Her neck pushes forward in vein - accentuating confrontation , her hands shake .	11	Noun
A UN review of national plans to cut carbon says they are well short of the levels needed to keep the rise in global temperatures under 2C .	22	Adposition
It looked startling round his black neck , this bit of white thread from beyond the seas .	5	Adjective
Remember to write down your creations !	5	Noun
You have requested a debate on this subject in the course of the next few days , during this part - session .	3	Determiner
I applied to get a student visa to study in Canada , I received one that is valid until October of 2015 .	2	Particle
Because of my academic and professional background , I understand the issues and challenges facing Virginia much better than the other candidates , and I am offering real solutions that can be appreciated across the political spectrum .	5	Adjective
That said , the maintenance of this forum is handled by Google and thus will remain reliable and it will ultimately give us more time to play :) .	19	Verb
What volatilities are you using to value the options - monthly volatilities or intra-day volatilities or a blend of the two ( if blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols ) ?	11	Noun
In the standing photo ( from the front ) there is a corner of a rug creeping in , some kind of box in the lower right corner and what looks like a power cord .	0	Adposition
I did this at age 13 in Champagne , France and it was the most amazing experice of my upbringing .	19	Noun
In 2012 , she was made a Dame by Elizabeth II for services to architecture , and in 2015 she became the first and only woman to be awarded the Royal Gold Medal from the Royal Institute of British Architects .	21	Determiner
She really listens to what it is you would like to achieve , and I am very happy with my results .	7	Pronoun
You will be asked to register , and then you should wander over to the Announce Your Arrival Section and present yourself .	17	Noun
But that means nothing , since they were n't the sort of things guys like Bush told the " girls " .	2	Verb
Explanations of the origin of music depend on how music is defined .	5	Noun
In scanning the whitehouse.gov site today , I noticed the following Executive Order :	1	Verb
Two decades of pickling his nervous system in various highly toxic substances have left Bush damaged goods .	10	Adjective
I do n't like that option though - I think it 's pretty cruel and I'd not done properly you 'll end up really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop possible injury to your snake .	16	Adverb
Realizing he would have trouble finding a composer , however , he turned to other pursuits .	6	Determiner
Pour into the cupcake cases or cupcake holes .	1	Adposition
What are XML schemas	1	Verb
I rarely listen to the news or to what politicians or lawyers say because so many tell lies that none have credibility so what 's the point ?	19	Noun
Armed militias , many staffed by former Iraqi military men with substantial training and experience , have proliferated .	17	Verb
P.S. By the way , did you have a chance to take a look at the EOL ?	13	Noun
At parties she does not want to be considered in any way attached to you , which is consistent .	1	Noun
I came upon this store as the building caught my eye .	9	Pronoun
not until the plane had come to a stop on the runway , and they were waiting for the health inspector to come aboard .	11	Noun
The police commander of Ninevah Province announced that bombings had declined 80 percent in Mosul , whereas there had been a big jump in the number of kidnappings .	2	Noun
The Sunburn missile , with its incredible speed and ability to avoid radar detection , would do terrible damage these ships if Iran chooses to retaliate in the Gulf after an American attack within its borders .	11	Verb
I do see myself as a conservative	3	Pronoun
News of the retreat came as a great shock to Danish public opinion which had considered the Danevirke to be impregnable , and General de Meza was promptly relieved of his command .	22	Conjunction
If they 're nice to your face , but talk bad about you behind your back like it 's their favourite hobby , then they probably have a problem with pride .	30	Noun
In London , the price of Brent North Sea crude for November delivery advanced 53 cents to 64.73 dollars .	6	Proper Name
Where can I go on a first date ( adults ) ?	5	Determiner
While air mass identification was originally used in weather forecasting during the 1950s , climatologists began to establish synoptic climatologies based on this idea in 1973 .	4	Verb
If there are any objections you need to get back to me ASAP .	2	Verb
Is series two working so far ?	5	Adverb
Oh yes – he did it .	5	Pronoun
However , there was no further public recognition of her wartime resistance and humanitarian work until after the end of communist rule in Poland .	3	Verb
with my breakfast I like bacon and sausage when I having a big breakfast like a grand slam with pancakes and the works .	15	Determiner
Needs to go out of business	1	Particle
You wish to be left in peace ... no more conflict and no more differences of opinion ...	1	Verb
Here , cars are absolutely necessary , and he 'd have to have one , too .	8	Pronoun
During the U.S. and Russian lunar race during the Cold War , NASA scored an early coup by circling the moon with the Apollo 8 crew over the 1968 Christmas holidays .	8	Determiner
The pyramid of ocean life .	1	Noun
This overall favourable situation is the result of a long preparation at both legislative and institutional level and demonstrates the high level of cooperation achieved in EU and at international level .	25	Adposition
Business Case : If we offered Dean 55 k or 60 k it would still constitute a over a $ 10,000 increase ( approximately 25 % ) and taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory at the specialist level .	4	Pronoun
So I may as well just come out with it : It is pretty suspicious , given the Neocon predominance in the CPA and in the upper reaches of the Defense Department that on April 2 AP reported of Muqtada :	23	Conjunction
Until then he had said Pakistan ’s options were open .	6	Particle
One of only two National Historic Scenic Reserves in New Zealand ( the other is the Waitangi Treaty Grounds ) , Hapupu is a special place , and somewhere that you will want to tell others about .	30	Pronoun
George and Lynne	2	Proper Name
That lady at PetSmart is a disgrace to the rest of us PetSmart associates ... sheesh .	2	Adposition
After recently relocating to South Bend , we were looking for a delicious , fun , yet elegant establishment for New Year s Eve dinner .	17	Adjective
Two other Dulaim leaders have been killed in the past week and a half .	7	Adposition
Instead , they decided that Albania would be under Ottoman suzerainty but with an autonomous government .	13	Determiner
Yes the parking can be a challenge but being from NJ I am no stranger to tight corners .	13	Determiner
We have some people who are great at politics ; some people we give all the war stuff to ; someone who is in charge of the Britney Spears story of the week — the entertainment stories .	6	Adjective
This is a thought that sometimes crosses Jewish minds .	0	Pronoun
While I left a you a phone message with some information about our project , I thought I could give you some additional details by e-mail as well ...	7	Noun
Please find attached the most recent update for Merchanting Metals .	0	Interjection
She said quietly , We certainly did n't think we 'd be the proprietors of the Silver Rhino .	0	Pronoun
That pollution was money to that community , and those people dealt with the pollution and absorbed it into their skin and into their bodies because they needed the money .	0	Determiner
Jespersen was an important figure in the international language movement .	8	Noun
Whitmore told LA Weekly that on October 6 after traveling back from Florida , Montalvo " walked into lobby of the East L.A. station and turned himself in " , and told the police , " everything he did " .	26	Pronoun
I was listening to her breath .	5	Noun
i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland , would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall ?	25	Noun
I 'm at x if you have any questions .	0	Pronoun
I understood it was an Oath to ALL of our people .	6	Adposition
Whitmore told LA Weekly that on October 6 after traveling back from Florida , Montalvo " walked into lobby of the East L.A. station and turned himself in " , and told the police , " everything he did " .	0	Proper Name
1580 Catherine de Medici of France is a keen chess player .	5	Proper Name
Your passport needs to be valid at least six months past the end of your planned return .	7	Adjective
Of course not . But I mean the book inside the book Cervantes wrote , the one he imagined he was writing .	9	Adposition
Public opinion still has no faith in the Commission 's ability to exercise control .	5	Noun
I believe the Commission has done a very good job in many cases .	8	Adjective
Of the public process , he said , " In the end I 'll have one vote in each referendum just like every other New Zealander on the electoral roll " .	6	Verb
I understand that it is a competitive process , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability .	34	Pronoun
We honestly can not think of even 1 thing we did n't like !	7	Numeral
The radical Shiite Sadr movement issued a statement forbidding the participation of Iraqi troops in the attack on Fallujah , as well .	6	Determiner
He was wounded at the Siege of Savannah on October 9 , 1779 .	1	Verb
Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress , Risk 2001 Australia , which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001 .	8	Determiner
I told Paul that you called him yesterday so abruptly because you did n't want to waste his time while you got tests done for arthritis .	19	Conjunction
She has the most extraordinary contacts , that girl .	4	Adjective
Who could stop a suicide murder in the midst of the crowded line waiting to be checked by the airport metal detector ?	11	Adjective
In 1998 they were joined by Egyptians from the al - Jihad al - Islami group of Ayman al - Zawahiri ( many of these were from Upper Egypt , especially Asyut and environs ) .	7	Adposition
This will put new limits on the nature of the environmental changes that overtook the Earth and sent so many species - not just the dinosaurs - into oblivion .	19	Adjective
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department .	6	Verb
It has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time , the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .	13	Adposition
It was like watching a marionette trying to walk without strings .	4	Determiner
Surprising as it may seem , even acid rain clouds can have a silver lining .	8	Noun
I 'll be in around 1000	0	Pronoun
i am going to my grandma s in north carolina and we are going camping in a cabin in west virginia .	19	Proper Name
The reason Mr Koch produced his sound report was because the work in the CEN and within the United Nations Economic Commission was proceeding none too expeditiously .	9	Conjunction
The far end of part of the convention floor , shortly after opening Friday .	7	Noun
NASA Administrator Charles Bolden announces where four space shuttle orbiters will be permanently displayed at the conclusion of the Space Shuttle Program during an event commemorating the 30th anniversay of the first shuttle launch on April 12 , 2011 .	8	Noun
Change there to the Metro 4 line going toward " Porte d' Orleans " .	5	Numeral
what are you doing tonight .	0	Pronoun
This is more true for real-life situations than it is online , but this mantra has some truth in the world of IM flirting as well .	19	Determiner
During the session , he demanded to have my physical address , which I 've always kept private as I am enrolled in a witness protection program .	5	Verb
I think if you can not afford to get him treated that you should not consider him as a prospect .	18	Determiner
( 3 ) The family is the natural and fundamental group unit of society and is entitled to protection by society and the State .	3	Determiner
Removing 90 % of ' sit - abouts ' in main room would look cleaner .	0	Masdar
Since fort lee is situated in such a convenient area for those commuting to and from the city , there is often high traffic and congestion on the roads .	20	Verb
A young woman leaned her elbows on it and her white breasts pursed forward within the frame of her arms .	12	Verb
We will be distributing the shares reflected on your 9/30/01 statement ( 6,606 shares plus cash for fractional shares ) .	12	Numeral
It is on the southern point of the main island of Utu Vava'u and has an attractive setting on one of the world 's most beautiful harbours .	17	Noun
Their selection is top notch and the staff is very knowledgable .	3	Adjective
All Evaluations for Associates and Analysts must be completed using this form .	4	Conjunction
In 1987 , economist Robert Solow – awarded the Nobel Prize for his pioneering work on growth – lamented that " You can see the computer age everywhere but in the productivity statistics .	5	Proper Name
70 m - Estimated number of Americans who describe themselves as Evangelicals who accept Jesus Christ as their personal saviour and who interpret the Bible as the direct word of God .	6	Proper Name
The subpoenas will force those involved , including Winter , to provide sworn testimony about the events to the committee , and to turn over e-mails , personal calendars and memos .	15	Determiner
On the phone , you could hear his accent .	0	Adposition
The front - runner for the 2000 Republican presidential nomination faltered Thursday in an international affairs pop quiz posed by Andy Hiller , a political reporter for WHDH - TV in Boston .	21	Proper Name
The clans did n't have any stories about coming from Earth .	8	Verb
I said great and Dan arrived on time at 10 am to make the repair .	12	Verb
The husband of the current candidate for the White House , Hillary Clinton , pardoned a number of people , also including Rich , on the last day of his presidency , January 20 , 2001 .	8	Proper Name
He did n't have my number either because this was the first time I 've called HIM instead of his dad .	3	Verb
In addition to the Structural Funds and the common agricultural policy , the financing of the Community needs to undergo radical reform .	20	Adjective
One has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these people do n't know what they are , do n't care , or know perfectly well .	22	Particle
The guide is problematic , firstly because it has been developed " in the context of a state of emergency " .	1	Noun
you need to learn about white balance , composition , angle , and work on using the camera properly ...	12	Conjunction
I appreciate all your help .	2	Determiner
Sand Hill park was a great beach ...	3	Verb
Sunday , May 28 , 2006	2	Proper Name
I had Hom - Excel replace most of the windows in my Tampa residence three years ago .	0	Pronoun
William Clough took a pecking sip at his martini . He said with gallant good humour , Reposting was child 's play compared with this .	7	Pronoun
That 's right , said Quinn .	5	Proper Name
It serves as a local place of rest and relaxation for San Franciscans .	4	Adjective
It was the evening when Bray , Neil , Evelyn Odara , one of the South African refugees , the Pettigrews , and a few others set off for the Sputnik Bar .	19	Determiner
Other than that , I would recommend living here . :)	5	Verb
The reality is that IP protection is an economic engine that developing - country citizens should not have to forego .	4	Proper Name
Bending to the right indicates : " I know the right way to request You . "	0	Verb
He crossed the lawn , slumped down on the garden bench , and sang under his breath : " Happy birthday to me . happy birthday to me "	24	Adjective
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	0	Pronoun
In April — before the Swift boat veterans had said a word — Kerry said Bush “ has yet to explain to America whether or not , and tell the truth , about whether he showed up for duty . ”	6	Proper Name
Objects or donations should be placed in front of a monk so he can pick it up , or place it on a special cloth he carries with him .	8	Adposition
Yvan , and Ben , please provide answers to these question via written correspondence so that their is limited probability of misunderstanding .	20	Adposition
It 's got its own bathroom and tv , and is pretty cozy .	3	Pronoun
54 - Percentage of Americans who approved of the way Bush was handling his job as president on 30 September , 2003 .	4	Proper Name
I have never been anywhere out side my home town Charlotte north Carolina please help !!!!	9	Noun
By the end of 2005 you 'll have a whole new start with regard to your career and your earning potential - and a possible new partnership to top it off !	18	Pronoun
Next to the door was a tall wrought-iron candle holder — the kind that stood at either end of the altar .	0	Adjective
Signs of this can be hard to spot , and if this is true in her case she will definitely need to see a vet .	22	Verb
This could well be the day I make the biggest deal of my career , said Uncle Vernon .	16	Noun
So I have a mini-MMPI that I --	0	Adverb
Cities served are Tulsa , Sand Springs , Sapulpa , Jenks , and Broken Arrow .	8	Proper Name
CLEMENT 's St. Methodius dies : April 6 , 884 Monday	10	Proper Name
Having a team was the best because they kept the flow of the wedding going the whole time !	16	Adjective
Changing the ANSI SQL query mode in an existing application .	7	Determiner
Yazid Sufaat provided Moussaoui with a letter indicating that he was a marketing representative for Infocus Technologies and allegedly provided him $ 35,000 .	1	Proper Name
the best way to control these pests is to pick them off the plants by hand .	15	Noun
Thank you all for your participation .	3	Adposition
I have a Kodak Camera ( 10.2 Megapixels ) ... Kodak AF 5x OPTICAL LENS ... how do I pause it while recording ?	6	Numeral
Our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the LC transferable .	2	Adposition
The most popular lodging is actually camping on the beaches .	7	Adposition
I chalked it up to possible nerve damage , because this is what the vet thought and the other cheek muscle was fine and he had no theeth problems .	6	Adjective
However , save some of your shots for the rest of the falls , as in total there are around 270 cascades that spread out over nearly 2 miles of the Iguazu River .	23	Verb
I would appreciate it if you could get this one fixed today and , if you have any problem with changing the GCP procedure , please let me know .	25	Interjection
Microsoft Access provides ways to both import and export XML data as well as transform the data to and from other formats using XML related files .	7	Conjunction
You really got me thinking , I enjoy reading this blog .	4	Verb
So instead of documenting the dreams it gradually became also like adding creational elements , and I think that somehow through writing my dreams I gradually came to writing , also poems , but mainly stories .	23	Noun
With a Pizza Hut , IHOP , 3 Starbucks , Chili s , Panera , and Chipotle on campus ALONE , VCU has some of the best eating options for students .	3	Proper Name
Flip-flops , hiking sandals , and clog-type shoes are usually a good pragmatic choice for traveling in Thailand ;	5	Conjunction
She returned to Kuwait recently and observed that the men now walked several yards behind their wives .	0	Pronoun
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	5	Adposition
Let s be clear about this ...........	0	Verb
Never had a problem with the staff and found them very helpful when something went wrong .	8	Verb
What made it perfect was that they offered transportation so that I would not have to wait there or take time off of work to go back and forth or try to find a ride .	31	Particle
were you able to discuss the " bad faith " proceedings issue yesterday ?	5	Determiner
Next month , Ukraine 's citizens will freely choose a new President – the best rebuke possible to Russian propaganda about our supposed failure to uphold democracy .	23	Noun
Have I just fallen victim in a cultural trap ?	4	Noun
But the work was contracted out via a complex web of private arms traders .	6	Adposition
Chicken saltimboca was excellent and then there 's the chocolate mousse that comes straight from heaven .	15	Noun
Therefore , any trade mark registration that incorporates the word ONLINE as a suffix in the way that you use it will not enable its owner to prevent others from using the word ONLINE .	29	Conjunction
The public information mostly relates to those suspected sleepers who have been detained or who are at large and are being sought .	0	Determiner
But I 've done hundreds of dog introductions myself ( another place , I do n't work here ) , and owners can have unrealistic expectations and views of what they see when their dogs meet other dogs .	25	Noun
or has acquired some type of disease and that too needs to be attended to ...	3	Determiner
The Liberty also visited its private island Half Moon Cay , Puerto Rico , and Grand Turk .	16	Proper Name
( 6 ) A coherent framework for the application of Community Ecodesign requirements for EUPs should be established with the aim of ensuring the free movement of those products which comply and of improving their overall environmental impact .	24	Adjective
4 . In Section 6.2.1 I 'll just note that the discount rate sentence I think is still an open issue .	2	Adposition
Oh , I 'd love to get Lucius Malfoy for something	7	Proper Name
Attorney General Ashcroft explained that an " either - or " approach is not useful .	14	Adjective
One of them is the channels that NBC as the broadcasting rights owner for the United States will use to air the Paralympic Games on .	14	Determiner
Merrist Wood ( I 'm there on a NVQ equine course ) do HND in equine management .	13	Noun
Already I 'm considering future projects , and I can assure you that for my printing needs I will be choosing no other than Atlanta Paperback Book Printing .	9	Verb
He called the next day to see if everything was to my satisfaction .	0	Pronoun
Quinn was no longer that part of him that could write books , and although in many ways Quinn continued to exist , he no longer existed for anyone but himself .	6	Adposition
I hope that this would mean that you would remain involved at some level .	2	Conjunction
' He sealed the utterance with that smile of his , as though it had been a door opening into a darkness he had in his keeping .	21	Noun
Thank you for helping to preserve my teeth .	3	Verb
The noise outside had ceased , and presently in going out I stopped at the door .	4	Participle
Where : On Campus Inn at Pen	0	Adverb
IT still can not commit to transferring messages across domains .	4	Verb
Well-formed documents	0	Adjective
Balzac meant the story to bear witness to the treacherous turns of life , its " serpentine motion .	12	Noun
- it dries out , losing the water that is soaked into the set structure	7	Noun
$ 3.7 m - Amount the EPA valued each human life when conducting analyses of proposed regulations during the Bush administration .	6	Proper Name
We 'll do whatever you want want if you still are coming !	8	Pronoun
I 'm under 21 + and looking for a nice place to take my boyfriend out for dinner where they play music and there is a dance floor .	26	Noun
The cardinal numbers included in this study were only one through five in order to avoid additional item variability , but larger numbers should be included in future research .	16	Adjective
If you do n't like it , why do you go on reading ?	7	Adverb
Hidden in this laundry list -- and in the pile of studies examined by the Pew researchers -- is one of the fundamental chasms dividing participants in the global warming debate .	20	Adposition
Till I felt somebody touch me on the back .	1	Pronoun
The yoyo gave off a fluted , whistling sound as it descended , and sparks shot off inside it .	16	Adverb
In order to improve its prospects , South Korea must pursue economic reform and restructuring , with an emphasis on maximizing its human - capital resources – especially women .	7	Proper Name
you will need to give him only a small place to explore , so he can make it his territory , and feel safe there .	7	Determiner
Mike Day , our outside counsel , will make the presentation on our behalf .	0	Proper Name
Kayani is well known and liked in Kabul as during the last year he led the Pakistani delegation in the tripartite military meetings with the Afghan and US military on issues related to border issues .	8	Conjunction
The last I checked , the Satanists have a long way to go to catch up with the death and destruction dealt out by self - proclaimed ( though false ) Christians .	20	Noun
I 'm assuming this was in reference to the January earthquake , do n't worry , it was very deep , so nothing was effected :)	18	Adverb
The crew said he was drinking himself silly in his quarters .	5	Participle
Thanks Bud for all of your help and taking time away from your family that evening .	0	Noun
Then he got fever , and had to be carried in a hammock slung under a pole .	0	Adverb
Although the city was not destroyed in the aftermath , the material losses were serious as the machinery , raw materials and finished goods were taken away by the fleeing Nazis .	17	Noun
There had been a lot of such rot let loose in print and talk just about that time , and the excellent woman , living right in the rush of all that humbug , got carried off her feet .	21	Adjective
A Swedish study has shown that animals seldom , if at all , land after the 2 month breeding period .	15	Determiner
Has anyone ever worked for steiner leisure cruises ?	6	Proper Name
The auto mechanics that work for Auto Towing are very friendly and informative and answered any question I had .	3	Pronoun
If you wonder why there is misery and curse in your house , it is because you own some L.P , CD or another article related to the CURSED BY GOD Beatles and Rolling Stones .	21	Noun
Rate the routes , with understandable markings and a more detailed system than easy , moderate , and hard .	15	Adjective
So , one answer to Bush 's charge about Edwards is that if it had any merit , Bush should have declined to run himself .	18	Proper Name
Some would argue that there should be fair use without fair compensation .	9	Adposition
I 'm not even in Iraq and I could have predicted to you the consequences of doing what the CPA has been doing .	5	Proper Name
Probing the ' palace coup '	0	Verb
Al - Zaman : Guerrillas killed a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party after kidnapping him in Mosul .	15	Pronoun
" Work " means the copyrightable work of authorship offered under the terms of this License .	12	Noun
If you want to make changes to the design of the resulting page , you can open the page in Design view and make any changes you want .	5	Noun
She going to be a mother ?	0	Pronoun
Ryan Seleznov	1	Proper Name
Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources i ve been looking at ?	10	Conjunction
" There is always the possibility they could jam us up , make us look like we are not numero uno , " Pike said .	7	Verb
$ 80 for a dish that has about one small lobster tail and is full of filler vegetables !	6	Verb
Give me a call Tuesday afternoon to discuss ( gone to Kelowna golfing for the weekend ) .	0	Verb
More people die from AIDS in one day in Africa than all the Russians who died in the hands of Chechnya - based Moslem suicide murderers since that conflict started .	10	Adposition
Highly recommended landscaper !!!	1	Verb
I , Charlie Marlow , set the women to work – to get a job . Heavens !	16	Interjection
Forthwith a change came over the waters , and the serenity became less brilliant but more profound .	4	Adposition
Our system did not show any other chnages .	3	Particle
As part of New Zealand , there are no passport or visa requirements and no border controls on arrival from the mainland .	4	Proper Name
I read somewhere that you have to hold his mouth together , and keep it that way til he panics .	18	Pronoun
So I say : I 'm at the Radison Warwick hotel in Rittenhouse Square ( built in 1926 ) do you deliver to the Warwick ?	0	Adverb
You can find all sorts of fresh food and get a really delicious , fresh sashimi / sushi lunch upstairs .	2	Verb
The hearing is focused on the pilot and we have an opportunity to provide some probing questions for Wolens to direct to Sam and Tom .	1	Noun
Neil stood on the moonlit patch of earth in front of the dark building and called up , but there was no response .	4	Adjective
They say you can be Muslim and modern .	7	Adjective
Follow the simple directions and watch the money come in !!	8	Verb
USI 's exhibit , which is located in Evansville , Indiana , is to run from January 23 through March 9 .	14	Verb
But the norms of politics and diplomacy are childish , in comparison with the level of incitement and total absolute deliberate fabrications , which have reached new heights in the region we are talking about .	6	Noun
43 - Percentage of the entire world 's military spending that the US spends on defence .	0	Numeral
We are still trying to figure out some of the cash traders .	2	Adverb
I 've been to this shop twice ( once for an inspection and again for an oil change ) and they truly live up to their name : Discount !	8	Adverb
( 12 ) Although a comprehensive approach to environmental performance is desirable , greenhouse gas mitigation through increased energy efficiency should be considered a priority environmental goal pending the adoption of a working plan .	25	Adjective
We would like to meet between November 14 and ? December 1 ? since construction of our services is already underway .?	5	Adposition
The rapid development of Łódź in the second half of the 19th century was brought about by the rise of enormous industrialist fortunes .	22	Noun
I did not go near my father but kept my hand in my pocket , feeling the soft leather glove .	16	Determiner
They were voted down and the reasons will no doubt be put once again by Mrs Bonino .	2	Participle
The loss of this opportunity caused serious discord in the Balzac household , although Honoré was not turned away entirely .	0	Determiner
Do you want to see all the sites or simply a few photos and on your way to the next place .	8	Conjunction
Would that not be better than total harmonization , which is fundamentally a commercial rule aimed at promoting commercial interests , not food quality ?	21	Particle
Then I sat on the couch , placed one hand in the cage , holding a millet spray .	15	Determiner
He was a speck , a punctuation mark , a brick in an endless wall of bricks .	16	Noun
Ras Asahe meant the whites –	0	Proper Name
Change anything you need to but try to keep this article as close to original as possible .	13	Adposition
So huge in fact , that Toronto slang is influenced by and has Jamaican references , and Jamaican beef patties are staples in my high school cafeteria .	19	Noun
He stood at the sink , drinking cold water and looking at the avocado pear pip growing suspended by three matchsticks in the neck of a pickle jar of water on the sill .	2	Adposition
Once you 've buttered them up a bit try to get them to the pet store and ask one of the employees to handle the snake showing your mom how gentle and harmless they can be .	29	Adverb
We do n't want a knot in your tongue after speaking to your friends .	9	Conjunction
I started collecting animations & jokes just to help with my boredom and depression .	10	Pronoun
If i were you I would Go ...	1	Pronoun
Stephen G. Cecchetti and Enisse Kharroubi of the Bank for International Settlements – the central banks ' central bank – go further .	1	Proper Name
The lighting was not the best , but the pics turned out ok in my opinion .	2	Verb
And a few days later , on the barrenness of Judea , " whitish mildew pervading whole tracts of landscape .	8	Noun
** and i can upload my pictures and videos on the computer ( facebook )	11	Noun
When that happens , all the substances create a rave and start partying and electrons fly everywhere and what results ?	1	Pronoun
I think that the re pretty good .	4	Verb
You also have to put up with all the annoying accents in Australia .	6	Adposition
I would rate Fran pcs an A + because the price was lower than everyone else , i got my computer back the next day , and the professionalism he showed was great .	23	Adjective
anyway , we shall have three months in London now , with perhaps a week or two in Ireland .	16	Numeral
The Texas Education Reform Caucus is made up of business leaders , educators , and elected officials dedicated to finding common sense approaches to improving education in Texas .	9	Noun
So now we 'll be in the Voice for a while .	5	Adposition
Pour the liquid mixture into the flour mixture .	5	Determiner
The station staff at Chiang Kai Shek Memorial Hall Station do an excellent job of crowd control but lines for the subway can still be hours long and very exhausting .	29	Verb
The initial reservoir reports estimate reserves of 80 - 120 million barrels of sour crude and they estimate initial production to be 40,000 bpd starting in 1Q 2003 .	21	Verb
He really knew only some of the people but all of them seemed to know about him , and many were the friends of friends .	13	Particle
Thanks for attributing the quote to me .	5	Adposition
At weekend press conferences in Salt Lake City and Phoenix , FBI and state officials said Jeffs " is considered armed and dangerous and may be traveling with armed bodyguards . "	9	Proper Name
Contemplate .	0	Verb
It was obviously out of excitement at this great event that I forgot to sign the register .	1	Verb
I did an overnight in a home stay that was sweet and the water market was wonderful .	4	Adposition
However , Pyrrhus was forced to leave Sicily in order to attend to business in southern Italy .	13	Noun
This makes the Dursleys sound almost human .	6	Adjective
Each time you open the page , Access will read the connection file , extract the connection information , and set the ConnectionString property of the page .	20	Verb
1 ) It is not normal for dogs to be vomiting , much less to have blood in it .	13	Adverb
And between the time I began my research and the time I applied , the minimum score did change once .	14	Determiner
or are they just supposed to look like they are so nothing will try to eat them	0	Conjunction
We were introduced to Bistro Tallulah by traveler - professional diner who happens to own the Adelphi Hotel and travels the world -- and residing in Paris , London , New York the rest of the year .	2	Verb
The English wikiHow has only 60 admins , compared to the 1000 + on English Wikipedia .	11	Numeral
They have always done a great job at a reasonable price .	10	Noun
Set a timer for ten minutes , and take a nap , read a book , or call your friend .	18	Pronoun
I never stayed more than two weeks at a time when I visited the U.K .	5	Numeral
We used our BBQ on precisely 4 occasions .	7	Noun
And you ? said Uncle Vernon viciously to Harry .	5	Proper Name
The Twitter attention led to outreach from Google and Mohamed was invited to their Google Science Fair .	2	Noun
It is accompanied by the further reflection ( partly proud , mostly bitter ) that we Jews seem to have a genius for finding the heart of the crisis .	15	Pronoun
The first referendum is to be held from November 20 to December 11 , selecting a single new flag design out of about four finalists .	6	Verb
Almost all major intersections are one mile from each other , and exactly in a straight line .	13	Adposition
Tires were the right price and now the car feels like it is riding on rails around turns .	1	Verb
According to Professor S D Muni , South Asia expert at the Jawaharal Nehru University , the two - year peace talks between Colombo and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) are stalemated .	8	Proper Name
You can apply a filter to a row or column field to show the top or bottom n items based on a total .	3	Determiner
It may be easier to play without brooms ( but also less fun ! ) .	9	Conjunction
He was deposited in an office on the 33rd floor where a pricy church lawyer interrogated him for two hours . "	1	Verb
There was certainly more despair in Saddam 's Iraq than in Paul Bremmer 's Iraq , and no one exploded himself .	13	Particle
I think that this is for you since I do n't know any of these people .	7	Conjunction
I apologize for the following inconvenience , but I have decided to move this group to Yahoo , so that we can post files and photos and other useful things .	13	Determiner
The Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development is very attentive to the demands of the experts and of society .	18	Noun
The address is for Noida Location not for Gurgaon Location .	8	Proper Name
The latter , regarding the Jesuit order , illustrated his lifelong admiration for the Catholic Church .	14	Noun
After one month 's full - bore effort , I 'm pleased with the results ( e.g. , we forecast Nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned out $ 46 ) .	6	Noun
Spain had expelled its Sephardic population in 1492 ; many of these Spanish Jews left Spain for Portugal but eventually were targeted there as well .	17	Proper Name
From the Southwest / Oklahoma City - I-44 East , aka the " Turner Turnpike . "	1	Determiner
While they are extremely accurate , laser sights do not operate well when drunk or high because the beam often does not show up on the target .	0	Conjunction
For two weeks he had been tied by an invisible thread to the old man .	0	Adposition
The Earth was struck by an asteroid , a huge amount of debris was jettisoned into the atmosphere .	4	Adposition
With the onset of the automobile , public officials reduced the city 's public transportation services without foreseeing the traffic gridlock and smog that would menace the city by the 1980s .	30	Noun
Marie Heard Senior Legal Specialist	2	Adjective
We need a brief report summarising the experience gained and a clear review .	1	Verb
Off season is good , however , the Disney cruises are almost ALWAYS completely booked .	1	Noun
We trust and appreciate Scott Larson and know that he will always take good care of us and listen to our needs !	20	Pronoun
Festus could be heard retailing the exchange , confidently in the right , in the kitchen ;	6	Noun
I am currently employed with the aviation department ( hangar attendant ) of enron and would like to use my past knowledge and experience to persue my goals in the technology feild .	17	Particle
Do n't go here unless you want to sit , order , eat and be asked to leave all in a matter of 20 minutes .	8	Verb
Perhaps had we not gone into this restaurant believing Zahav was going to be golden as its name suggests ( and as the many golden reviews seem to attest ) , we would have enjoyed a decent little expensive experience .	33	Verb
3 TO 4 DAYS if you are lucky on average it takes about 6 days .	0	Numeral
Buried 100 meters ( 328 feet ) underground , the Pyongyang Metro is one of the deepest commuter systems in the world .	13	Numeral
HAS MOVED TO 4783 Bay Rd Saginaw , Michigan 48604 ( 989 ) 755-1109	4	Proper Name
My goal , however optimistic , is to execute the risk policy by the end of today .	4	Adjective
The rigorous enforcement of implementing measures is necessary to reduce the environmental impact of regulated EUPs and to ensure fair competition .	6	Verb
He said that resistance was the only commonsense solution .	0	Pronoun
Outsourcing these responsibilities would be a wise alternative , considering the accomplishments of the private sector regarding the space elevator .	19	Noun
Please let me know what time we could meet .	5	Noun
You will have to cover the wire flooring like you said , and make fleece covers for the stairs , so no ratty feet get caught and broken .	22	Adjective
But the long silence from Ron and Hermione had made Harry feel so cut off from the magical world that even taunting Dudley had lost its appeal – and now Ron and Hermione had forgotten his birthday .	23	Verb
Now , none of this has been confirmed by Google at the present time , but it 's an old adage that you follow the money to see who is behind something .	13	Noun
Consider basing your language on an existing language .	5	Determiner
I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program .	16	Noun
It has major airlines with direct flights to major cities in the U.S.	11	Determiner
I remember going into Hollywood Magic and wanting that big red box with the dragons on it and I did n't even know what it did .	12	Adposition
I 'm just –	1	Verb
hard to forgive such an awful margarita and steep prices but the food can be good	15	Adjective
The formalin is great for preserving structures , but for anemones , it prevents study of DNA or of the chemistry of the body .	5	Verb
I would like to bring People from the heartland of America that make this nation work .	6	Adposition
My point : Even if I was wrong , do n't sit there and argue with the customer .	3	Adverb
You can also leave notes for the rest of your family ( husband ) about where you are at any given point .	20	Verb
The Texas Education Reform Caucus is made up of business leaders , educators , and elected officials dedicated to finding common sense approaches to improving education in Texas .	26	Adposition
Keep all food stored properly in airtight containers or in places that are safe from mouse attack . [ 1 ]	8	Conjunction
I have a western pleasure appy that s really heavy on her left lead at the lope ?	2	Determiner
Dr. Obina told me that his office closed at noon and that I should call him on Monday .	4	Conjunction
My family loves coming to Endo Sushi . They are very nice , it is never crowded , and the food is wonderful , very delicious and fresh !	3	Verb
Establish boundaries and have the seekers look for the snitch .	2	Conjunction
A voucher is generated that can be saved on your smartphone , or presented at the till .	16	Noun
After all , in a world of solid farmers , useful craftsmen , dissolute aristocrats , and flunkies , demand for manufactured items and flunkies was limited by how much of each aristocrats could use .	23	Conjunction
· Thinking up new things – activities that produce outcomes that are necessary , convenient , or luxurious – for us to do .	20	Pronoun
Watch as the chemical compound creates a colorful glow .	3	Noun
You are the only one auto glass repair shop in the area I would count on .	0	Pronoun
Midas has the most high tech equipment in town & I guarantee you if they told you it was electrical then in deed it s electrical !	0	Proper Name
The text of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe drawn up in the Bulgarian and Romanian languages shall be annexed to this Treaty .	14	Proper Name
This occurs for two reasons :	3	Numeral
However , on the document , it referred to the database as National Enforcement and Emergency Management Information System and Intelligence System , adding the words " and Emergency " to the name .	31	Determiner
Your fellow employees asked for everyone from Britney Spears to George Bush .	11	Proper Name
But if you have to do it by keeping that forty years or whatever sitting at the table with you and your children ... ach , it 's not healthy , it makes me sick .	5	Verb
I just do nt want to freak him out or make him feel uncomfortable .	11	Pronoun
They can smell it so i 'm sure he knows what it is and just do n't want it .	10	Pronoun
" All Things Considered ( 8:00 PM ET ) - NPR March 30 , 2004 Tuesday	12	Numeral
And I have made him hire these girls , and ultimately he 's been right	2	Verb
This is car number 3 we 've purchased through them .	3	Noun
Thank you ,	0	Verb
For more information on adjusting exposure in gimp chef out this gimp video tutorial : http://gimpedblog.blogspot.com/2011/09/how-to-use-gimp-for-beginners-lesson-4.html	3	Conjunction
What would n't he give now for a message from Hogwarts ?	4	Verb
Has the disaster affected the way other countries view the US ?	5	Noun
In addition , we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer .	11	Noun
After brushing the Florida Keys islands on Tuesday , Rita packed winds of about 240 kilometers an hour as it headed across the Gulf of Mexico .	23	Proper Name
As tropical cyclones make landfall , this energy source is cut-off and they rapidly lose strength as they move over land .	11	Conjunction
It was for sale in a couple of galleries in SF and was about $ 20,000 .	11	Conjunction
Thanks to all this it will now be more difficult for public and private broadcasters to ignore the rules contained in the directive .	10	Adposition
Its adoption was an act of economic hubris that has imposed costs well beyond Europe 's borders .	5	Adposition
You can establish you own rules as to how a player catches the snitch .	12	Determiner
Called to check if they had a product I 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .	2	Verb
When I said yes to Mweta I knew it and every time I walk past the title on my office door I know it .	4	Adposition
We 're right now using an automated microscope that we developed several years ago for nuclear astrophysics work to scan the collector in the Cosmic Dust Lab in Building 31 at Johnson Space Center .	17	Noun
are the moors and penines in Yorkshire a lonely eerie place ?	1	Determiner
Very friendly place .	0	Adverb
The owners of Bowtie manged to add something new while preserving what was already there .	1	Noun
CAMBRIDGE – The promise that each generation will be better off than the last is a fundamental tenet of modern society .	3	Noun
After 5 minutes , the quinoa should be fully cooked .	2	Noun
This strength of design ensures that a Shakespeare play can survive translation , cutting and wide interpretation without loss to its core drama .	5	Conjunction
I have known him for only a few years but he has become a dear friend .	4	Adposition
To its credit , South Korea has built a relatively gender - equal society .	6	Verb
But everything was changed .	0	Conjunction
This is what persuades us to vote in favour of it .	10	Pronoun
The problem is that the vast silent majority of these Moslems are not part of the terror and the incitement , but they also do not stand up against it .	0	Determiner
This is the insidious conspiracy I call " Mommism " .	8	Noun
He makes a great point of insisting that everything in the book really happened in the world .	8	Pronoun
Working with a timer is generally regarded by most experts as being one of the best ways to develop self-discipline and stop procrastination .	2	Determiner
Significantly , the individual who isolated it nearly a quarter century ago ( now retired ) , upon being contacted , does not even report that he necessarily sent the only copy of the strain to Ft. Detrick .	30	Adjective
Only Concerned With Money	2	Adposition
Finally , I should like to say that the policies at the centre of our debate are part of an overall picture .	20	Adjective
I brought a car in to have the " check engine " light diagnosed back in March of 2010 .	16	Proper Name
You 'll be able to create opportunities for advancement almost out of thin air .	4	Particle
In his dream , which he later forgot , he found himself walking down Broadway , holding Auster 's son by the hand .	7	Verb
Nevertheless , poet and critic John Dryden rated Shakespeare highly , saying of Jonson , " I admire him , but I love Shakespeare " .	4	Noun
That 's good and well and fine with us .	3	Conjunction
After execution , we will forward a final copy to you for your files .	3	Pronoun
Also , can you confirm the correct names , email addresses , titles for those new folks on Friday 's call : Robbie Rossi , Michelle , Melissa Lloyd ?	27	Proper Name
But in a break from his past rhetoric about curtailing immigration , the GOP nominee proclaimed that as president he would allow “ tremendous numbers ” of legal immigrants based on a “ merit system . ”	19	Pronoun
I liked it very much .	0	Pronoun
Thursday , 23rd August 3.30 pm - 5.30 pm ( EB 46C1 ) .	4	Numeral
These global standards also should enable Enron to expand its business reach more quickly , with well defined requirements with regard to trading operations .	19	Adposition
When you export to Excel , detail fields will be available on the PivotTable toolbar in Excel , but the fields wo n't be displayed in the report .	13	Noun
In any case , since the book is supposed to be real , it follows that the story has to be written by an eyewitness to the events that take place in it .	30	Noun
Aunt Petunia was just handing round a box of after-dinner mints when a huge barn owl swooped through the dining room window , dropped a letter on Mrs Mason 's head and swooped out again .	28	Proper Name
There 's a return trip planned hopefully for 2015 , with both biologists and ANDRILL geologists .	2	Determiner
With beneficent Jupiter in your sign , this is definitely your year , especially where your social life is concerned .	0	Adposition
thanks for the update .	2	Determiner
Tell them it costs like 8 dollars a month ( if even that much ) to keep it fed .	4	Adposition
I live in the neighborhood and this place is one of my favorites for a tasty , quick and inexpensive meal .	5	Conjunction
A full internal balance sheet review will be completed within the Q1 audit timetable which incorporates	8	Verb
( do not take away the food dish from the birds , they will associate you as the person who takes away their food ) ....	16	Adposition
If this is a solo jump , then skip to step 6 .	2	Verb
Buddhist monks are meant to avoid sexual temptations , and in particular they do not touch women or take things from women 's hands .	10	Adposition
Ask a travel agent !	1	Determiner
Also the president of the Lombardy region , Roberto Maroni , has reacted by proposing some regional counter-measures to finance private schools .	13	Conjunction
A girl raises her hand .	3	Pronoun
I have sat here patiently and I find it quite extraordinary that you are not calling me .	3	Adverb
You are a clear thinker and all you demand from life , in a relationship , is a partner whom you can trust and with whom you can , together , develop a foundation of trust based on understanding .	18	Noun
I was moving out from 2 bdr apartment and it took for 3 strong guys 6 hours to load a track ( from 2 pm - 8 pm ) .	8	Conjunction
Would it be possible , he wondered , to stand up before the world and with the utmost conviction spew out lies and nonsense ?	23	Noun
Pro-Beijing DAB 's Starry Lee and Holden Chow were successfully elected in this constituency , while pro-Beijing veteran politician Wong Kwok-hing of FTU was defeated by 10,694 votes by James To .	22	Proper Name
Ford T was proclaimed as the most influential car of the 20th century in the international Car of the Century awards .	18	Determiner
Iran 's position over the Gulf would make resupply by ship and air support from carriers a dangerous affair .	12	Noun
As undergoing a pilgrimage to Mecca is a mandatory religious duty for all Muslims who physically and financially can , millions of pilgrims arrive in Mecca each year for the Hajj .	12	Determiner
You can also pretend to conduct people onto the elevator , saying “ All aboard the elevator train ! ”	5	Verb
Nearly 30,000 people packed the streets of San Francisco to pay him homage at his funeral .	1	Numeral
One has to wonder whether the bright fellows in our government and military who set up the deals with these people do n't know what they are , do n't care , or know perfectly well .	24	Pronoun
While we anticipate many new Analysts joining Enron this summer ( late May ) and fulltime ( August ) we felt it necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an Off - Cycle Recruiting event .	23	Particle
It has cat 's " Meowing " for the vocals , and you might really find yourself in those furnaces , feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they die .	35	Verb
The mailer 's use of " Greendale School " as the return address for the letters to the Senators is also revealing .	20	Adverb
Rules for moving an interior horizontal line	3	Determiner
Priority shall be given to such measures as will least disturb the functioning of the internal market .	4	Adposition
If I had to take over the English-language services tomorrow , you know what I 'd have to do it with a bunch of Lambala and speakers from the vernacular sections and some refugee school-teachers from South Africa .	26	Noun
First , we must educate people on how to protect themselves better online .	8	Particle
This attitude is particularly prevalent in India , which recently put trade negotiations with the EU on hold , and it was central to the failure of the Doha Round of global trade talks .	15	Proper Name
He told the BBC ’s Andrew Marr Show : “ A general election is frankly the last thing that the Government wants . ”	20	Noun
Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .	15	Adjective
We even arrived 10 minutes early as the website suggests .	9	Verb
Stepping nimbly out of Harry 's reach , he pulled a thick wad of envelopes from the inside of the pillowcase he was wearing .	20	Noun
I had to dig in a bag to find one nice feather , what a joke !	8	Verb
And yes , I am being melodramatic .	1	Interjection
It 's possible to have normal hemoglobin levels , but to have low iron stores overall , says Canadian Blood Services ( CBS ) .	0	Pronoun
He became a Christian at a young age , when he responded to the altar call at his church " to accept Christ as my Saviour . "	5	Determiner
Joseph Manogue at Tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the draft ISDA doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original .	5	Pronoun
Mr. Sahaf eventually became a popular icon as a court jester , but this did not stop some allegedly respectable newspapers from giving him equal time .	23	Pronoun
A reconciling difference of $ 15 mm exists between the reported DPR and the final accounting p&l as generated on the AS400 .	9	Determiner
And their breakfast is awesome !!	1	Pronoun
The Liberty also visited its private island Half Moon Cay , Puerto Rico , and Grand Turk .	6	Noun
The hymn was sung at my first inaugural church service as governor .	7	Adjective
If so go for it and I 'll give you all the moral support I can as you figure out what is up .	9	Pronoun
Airfare alone will be incredibly expensive so make sure you have the money and of course free time to take your time and have a great time .	13	Conjunction
I think that building a universal how-to manual would be a tremendous gift for the world .	7	Noun
That share has been rising steadily over the years — only 11 percent of the total vote was cast before Election Day in 1996 , according to the Census Bureau -- and seems likely to jump again this year .	12	Noun
A negative number is not available .	1	Adjective
Attached is the TW Top Ten Shippers by Revenues for the year 2001 to be reported in the Browncover report .	11	Noun
it s like a pizza roll , but they just toss ham and cheese inside .	3	Determiner
However , now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $ 6,000 + despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do , I feel I have to voice my opinion .	26	Pronoun
Job Group : Specialist	1	Noun
Al - Zaman : Guerrillas killed a member of the Kurdistan Democratic Party after kidnapping him in Mosul .	14	Verb
Ukraine depends on Russian gas , and it needs access to European markets for its products ;	12	Noun
Quinn spoke in the politest tone he could muster . Were you expecting someone else ?	6	Pronoun
We are obliged to participate in drafting Directives and also in assessing their results .	1	Verb
I was thinking , that while I 'm sitting here , relaxing and enjoying myself , those poor innocent animals are being cooked to death with heat in those Holocaust-esque death chambers .	19	Noun
Leaving nails out so you 'll call and have him come back out later ?	12	Adverb
How was the play ?	3	Noun
We had frosts in October so I would n't advise visiting late in the year to be honest , Spring time is your best bet .	22	Pronoun
If you have not already seen the Flash movie Epic , you should take a few minutes and view the future history of media as conceived by Robin Sloan and Matt Thompson , with music by Aaron McLeran .	14	Determiner
When people die of old age in India , it is supposed to be a celebration .	6	Adposition
Jews do , it is well known , make inordinate demands upon themselves and upon one another .	4	Verb
To : SPAR < s...@sonic.net >	0	Adposition
Today is my last day in the office here at Azurix , and in the coming months , I will start in a new position as SVP in the LNG development group at El Paso Energy .	21	Adposition
However , if somebody looks seriously alarmed or is starting to panic , let them know that you were not being serious .	2	Conjunction
He 's only exhibited weight loss and some muscle atrophy , with the slight toe drag and a bit of trouble with the right lead ( which could or could n't be related ) .	24	Noun
Dudley hitched up his trousers , which were slipping down his fat bottom .	6	Pronoun
Remember that what you do to yourself affects me and everybody else , remember that what you do to me and anyone else shapes your destiny .	4	Verb
However it is perhaps relevant that the bubonic plague raged in London throughout 1609 .	9	Verb
The Sunburn can reach Mach 3 at high altitude .	7	Adjective
Enjoyed this cozy little spot with a group of 8 folks .	8	Adposition
Put guards in front of every concert hall and there will always be a line of people to be checked by the guards and this line will be the target , not to speak of killing the guards themselves .	19	Verb
Russell	0	Proper Name
The Kashmir issue generates far more terrorism , and even the threat of nuclear war , than Iraq ever did .	8	Conjunction
The civilized world believes in democracy , the rule of law , including international law , human rights , free speech and free press , among other liberties .	9	Adposition
In the meantime , could you please provide a contact on your side with whom we could discuss technical issues ?	9	Noun
I 'll probably start looking next weekend .	2	Adverb
The few times I have consulted with a travel agent I was able to find the same for less on my own , and more options than what they were selling .	5	Verb
The line in the POA is a seperate and distinct measure from the daily collateral .	9	Adjective
Neither one of us had ever been - so we thought we 'd try it .	3	Pronoun
It made me feel good to see people work so hard to take care of others belongings .	10	Adverb
His explosive temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of Fallujah last spring , killing 600 Iraqis , most of them women and children , in revenge for the deaths of 4 civilian mercenaries , one of them a South African .	31	Adjective
Great for the kiddies - they love the labyrinth ( do n't forget to tell 'em it s really a ' pagen ' thing ! ) .	14	Verb
They have also reestablished their historical links with Lebanese and Iranian Shiites .	7	Adposition
I drafted the Into TVA Option as a series of calls tied to the MOPA delivery term and quantity - not sure if this anything close to what you all had in mind .	3	Adposition
With regard to criminal sanctions , the Commission has published two reports [ 5 ] on the implementation of the above-mentioned Framework Decision , which show a satisfactory level of implementation .	21	Noun
He had a uniform jacket with one button off , and seeing a white man on the path , hoisted his weapon to his shoulder with alacrity .	26	Noun
I really should be going , he said .	2	Verb
The Herodian relics are all that relics should be columns distorted , well worked over by time , Absalom 's tomb with its bulbous roof and odd funnel tapering out of it .	25	Conjunction
Wait until the fourth or fifth day of the festival when the crowds will have dwindled .	6	Noun
The severity and the presence of the revolution in the countryside alarmed the Court and National Assembly in Versailles .	12	Determiner
County Kerry is the worst affected .	5	Verb
I would like maybe 5 stalls per barn so make sure the stalls are not that big so it can fit .	20	Verb
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language .	10	Particle
He was Paul Auster now , and with each step he took he tried to fit more comfortably into the strictures of that transformation .	7	Adposition
My own cousin , Nota Gordon , two years out of the Soviet Union , says to me , " You are no match for them .	22	Determiner
People want to learn more practical skills , and for the most part the internet does n't provide enough quality information yet .	18	Adjective
When I found out them came up with the Nook Tablet , I was pretty disappointed though , because I bought my Nook color for the same darn price !	26	Adjective
Both have shared this country for the last 14 centuries and there is no possible way that one can live without the other .	21	Determiner
After a conversation with Ryan Seleznov I herewith like disclose in writing my intentions in respect to Dealbench .	5	Proper Name
which is the best burger chain in the chicago metro area like for example burger king portillo s white castle which one do like the best ?	16	Proper Name
Mr. President , as a Nobel Peace Prize recipient and as one of the fathers of the modern peace process in Israel , do you still think that there is a future to the peace process ?	23	Verb
Watch out for your wallet !	2	Adposition
She probably does not even have 10 % of the knowledge that some of the other EXPERIENCED vets do in this area .	15	Adjective
Now and then a boat from the shore gave one a momentary contact with reality .	3	Determiner
Those who are not assigned an associate may also allocate points ( a max of 150 ) at the meeting based on contribution to your areas for the first review period .	29	Noun
Modern Olympic Games	1	Proper Name
Was quoted $ 55 all inclusive of grinder inserts , etc .	8	Noun
Transwestern will own and operate the interconnect .	6	Noun
Above all , we need a total absolute unity and determination of the civilized world against all three circles of evil .	6	Adjective
We now return you to your regularly scheduled programming ....	1	Adverb
Clough only goes in for the last year , after self-government 's been granted and the date for independence 's been given .	21	Participle
You can export just the schema ( data structure ) of a table , query , datasheet , form , or report to an XML schema file .	7	Noun
" He 's so fervent , " says my wife .	3	Adverb
What happened ?	0	Pronoun
And every computer manufactured in both Ireland & the UK are Region 2 aka PAL .	12	Numeral
In the last phase of his career , Shakespeare adopted many techniques to achieve these effects .	14	Determiner
... Nope and I am proud of it ... because my teacher have nt taught us that yet ...	5	Adjective
Be sure to take your sweety out on the balcony tonight and gaze at the full moon .	1	Adjective
As agent Van Harp , then head of the Amerithrax investigation said , the information coming from Khalid Mohammed is classified with the authorities releasing only certain limited information .	14	Noun
If you paste this in your browser , it will take you directly to our GW website .	14	Pronoun
In 2012 , there were an estimated 207 million cases of malaria , leading to some 627,000 deaths .	4	Verb
The tape was a way to signal priorities .	5	Particle
You are in a city like many another well , not quite , for Jerusalem is the only ancient city I 've ever seen whose antiquities are not on display as relics but are in daily use .	30	Adposition
The northern portion of the Caucasus is known as the Ciscaucasus and the southern portion as the Transcaucasus .	6	Verb
The probe began in June , focusing on Mr Winterkorn and brand chief Herbert Diess , who remains at the car maker .	10	Conjunction
They count the cans in the trash to make sure .	1	Verb
There was a change of ownership a couple of years ago and service is both quick and extremely friendly .	18	Adjective
Jafari said she felt Mohamed had been subject to Islamophobia and her hashtag created greater awareness about this issue .	7	Noun
" We take document security seriously , " she said , but refused to give any more details about how the papers came to be on a road .	22	Verb
bit of a stupid question but do the spikes / spines ( whatever you call them ) on their side and face area ever go hard .	5	Conjunction
Can you provide me with more details ?	5	Adjective
they puff out to look bigger and badder and they can scratch you a lil if u r holding them to tight :)	3	Particle
Vangie McGilloway Constellation Power Source , Inc. ( " CPS " ) 111 Market Place Ste 500 Baltimore , MD 21202 Phone 410-468-3798 Fax 410-468-3499 Email vangie.mcgilloway@powersrc.com	12	Numeral
I just called again and was told that workmanship , not wood , is guaranteed for a year - well in my opinion - the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship !	31	Pronoun
From SNAP 's statement on the Robinson conviction :	0	Adposition
Kathryn Waters , director of the gallery , expressed interest in further donations from the foundation in the future .	13	Adposition
I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment opportunities that I do n't have access to now .	5	Noun
At least that is what I am thinking now .	8	Adverb
Fourth , faith in global economic - policy coordination is misplaced .	0	Adverb
It s the only pizza place I recommend in Woodland Hills .	1	Verb
The Shia can not live without the Sunnis , and vice versa .	10	Adverb
If this is the best that Tucson has to offer , I am out ta here ...	4	Adjective
And while doing so continue using the Baba Nam Kevalam mantra ( breathe in with Baba Nam , breathe out with Kevalam ) .	19	Adverb
We take note of that , Mr von Habsburg , and I should be grateful if you could provide us with this letter .	12	Verb
Harry could n't believe it – he was free .	4	Pronoun
Other pan-democrats elected were Leung Yiu-chung of NWSC and James To of the Democratic Party .	11	Adposition
10 minutes of paperwork and I was the owner of a beautiful pre-owned 09 XF .	5	Pronoun
Water the mature basil plants once a day , in the morning , so the water has time to soak in and evaporate rather than sitting on the plants overnight .	18	Particle
It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who does n't know anything about it and get them to initial it .	13	Adposition
The surprise is that we are surprised .	6	Participle
they seemed more interested in helping me find the right car rather then just make a sale .	4	Conjunction
My family is calling for your urgent assistance in funding the removal of the President of the Republic of Iraq and acquiring the petroleum assets of his country , as compensation for the costs of removing him from power .	24	Noun
All the guys at work are saying I should n't bother having it fixed I should just buy a new one .	13	Verb
Against all his expectations , it was a book he himself had written – Suicide Squeeze by William Wilson , the first of the Max Work novels .	16	Adposition
Lotte Wilms lotte.wilms@kb.nl National Library of the Netherlands , the Netherlands	2	Proper Name
It has long been known Osama Bin Laden was interested in using cropdusters to disperse biological agents ( since the testimony of millennium bomber Ahmed Ressam ) .	22	Noun
Changes , then more changes still .	4	Noun
The report 's authors say iodine deficiency is " the sleeper health issue in Australia " , and potentially a very serious one .	3	Noun
Great place for people in chronic pain .	3	Noun
WASHINGTON , DC – The International Monetary Fund is an immensely useful organization , able to deliver substantial amounts of financial and technical assistance at short notice to almost any place in the world .	7	Noun
one for viewers familiar with the books ( i.e. , “ Experts ” ) and one for viewers unfamiliar with the books and averse to “ spoilers ” ( i.e. , “ Newbies ” ) .	18	Adjective
***** DIRECTIONS FOR HOW TO POST TO NEWS GROUPS !!! *****	6	Adposition
In spite of a lot of worry over your career , by the year 's end , you 'll see that 2005 has filled your life with prosperity and accomplishments .	18	Verb
More recently , he erred in accepting a transportation bill that had huge flaws and huge tax increases , rather than prioritizing spending and seeking more rational , efficient , decentralized transportation decision-making .	31	Noun
Well , T.V. is a series of flickering pictures that are streamed together to make a moving picture .	4	Determiner
This may seem obvious , but deep , even breathing ( despite the rushing slipstream ) and controlling your heart-rate are essential to your continued survival .	9	Verb
However , they could not find this same pattern in tissues such as the bladder , which are not directly exposed .	0	Adverb
The angry lobster was completely over-priced !	3	Verb
As I recall , this bus drops you off near the Opera in Paris .	9	Adposition
Now I feel more confident wearing my bathing suit in the summer .	1	Pronoun
I get that careless teenager kind of treatment from some of their staff ... perhaps they should hire more serious adults to help serve / cook .	19	Adjective
The term Nexus is applied to sentences , structures similar to sentences and sentences in formation , in which two concepts are expressed in one unit ; e.g. , it rained , he ran indoors .	21	Verb
Education during the Renaissance was mainly composed of ancient literature and history as it was thought that the classics provided moral instruction and an intensive understanding of human behavior .	28	Noun
Elliott was attending his father 's funeral on the day of the race .	12	Noun
PS -- There is a happy hour tonight at Scudeiros on Dallas Street ( just west of the Met Garage ) beginning around 5:00 .	4	Determiner
But one should not go here expecting something fantastic , unless perhaps you 've never had middle - eastern food before , or succulent duck , tasty lamb , decent portion sizes or actually warm chocolate desserts .	22	Conjunction
If his Democrat opponent were to be elected , he assured that she would be ' under investigation for years ' .	2	Proper Name
Include items like toiletries , toilet paper , bottled water , snacks and a change of clothes in case you can not unpack everything in time .	20	Verb
It is really two missions in one .	5	Adposition
There was a group in loud discussion round the empty fireplace where the beer bottles were stacked ...	15	Verb
09/20/2000 09:32 AM	0	Numeral
Mrs Clinton has a reputation for a hawkish outlook , but this will be tempered by war - weary public opinion in the US .	2	Verb
For those who care , a good proportion of the my class went on to 4 - year colleges , many of them ranked in the top 50 of US News .	22	Pronoun
FITNESS UNLIMITED is a second home to a lot of us gym members who work out daily .	14	Verb
Our client is a small law firm that is looking for an individual to join their team handling toxic tort with some minor PI defense .	3	Determiner
HR , intended to be a key user of this tool , will not use BackWeb because survey responses can not be made anonymous .	5	Determiner
I would also like to say something about the two amendments tabled by my group .	8	Determiner
The impacts of climate change on the region and the globe are projected to increase substantially in the years to come . "	2	Adposition
Until now , he realized , he had never seriously questioned the circumstances of his hiring .	1	Adverb
This unsuccessful venture was soon followed by a falling - out with his Iraqi partner , who sought to acquire additional oil revenue sources in the neighboring emirate of Kuwait , a wholly - owned U.S. - British subsidiary .	20	Adjective
I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000 .	2	Determiner
She is always so busy , too , which is a good indication of her talent .	9	Verb
The p-value associated with the design-based F is thus more accurate ( than the associated with the χ2 statistic ) given the adjustments and calculations take into account the weighted nature of the data .	2	Participle
Never had a problem with the staff and found them very helpful when something went wrong .	3	Noun
The Pentagon is bypassing official US intelligence channels and turning to a dangerous and unruly cast of characters in order to create strife in Iran in preparation for any possible attack , former and current intelligence officials say ...	19	Noun
in many ways , he is the antipode to Victor Hugo 's democratic republicanism .	0	Adposition
You ate frozen potatoes , you foraged , and you stole .	3	Noun
Psychology major at University of Texas Arlington Amneh Jafari heard of the incident and wanted to issue her support to Mohamed .	13	Conjunction
Madam President , Mrs Díez González and I had tabled questions on certain opinions of the Vice - President , Mrs De Palacio , which appeared in a Spanish newspaper .	12	Determiner
However , we draw on our many faith traditions to arrive at a common conviction .	2	Pronoun
I will be completing my tour of duty in Bolivia in September of this year .	9	Proper Name
" Arafat 's secular nationalism was supple enough to compromise with Israel and to imagine a two - state solution , even if the road of negotiations remained rocky .	27	Verb
I just wanted to try your clinic because I was not totally happy with my current therapist I regularly see .	6	Noun
Some rich builder and his wife were coming to dinner and Uncle Vernon was hoping to get a huge order from him ( Uncle Vernon 's company made drills ) .	7	Participle
Who was that I do n't know ... one of the people from the plane ... a baldish fair man with an accent , I did n't catch the name .	13	Determiner
Mix .2 grams of luminol , 4 grams of sodium carbonate , .4 grams of copper sulfate , .5 grams of ammonium carbonate and 1 liter ( 0.3 US gal ) of distilled water in a second bowl .	16	Noun
Moral of the story : Do n't drink Coke .......... drink Pepsi !	2	Determiner
The ACIA found Arctic winter temperatures have increased 4 degrees to 7 degrees Fahrenheit in the last 50 years and should go up about twice that much in the next 100 years .	4	Noun
Hands down , best place in the area !	7	Noun
Legislative measures may be needed where market forces fail to evolve in the right direction or at an acceptable speed .	5	Conjunction
What is the minimum age required to sign up for Facebook ?	9	Adposition
It 's historical for Sf , so when your aunte comes for a visit , take her there .	1	Verb
From there , the demonstration took players to investigate the murder of Nightwing .	3	Determiner
Mr President , Commissioner , I should first like to congratulate Mr Koch on his reports which , though technical , are nonetheless of very great significance for safety .	13	Adposition
i want to know which you liked better and WHY ?	2	Particle
I have 5 sisters and so including my mom ... he is the only guy in a house of six females .	1	Verb
Measures should be the same throughout the EU to ensure no Member State gets an unfair advantage .	5	Adposition
Remember when a whole lot of people had to die because a Swedish newspaper printed those cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed ?	7	Verb
The food was excellent and the service was terrific .	3	Adjective
I have not followed that aspect of the societal response for the present storm .	9	Noun
From the North / Kansas - US-75 South from Bartlesville , OK , or US-169 South from Coffeyville , KS .	16	Adposition
If you want to make changes to the design of the resulting page , you can open the page in Design view and make any changes you want .	7	Determiner
When taking on ballet , it is important to stretch daily for at least 15 - 30 minutes , to give the muscles ample opportunity to warm up , reducing the risk of injury .	25	Particle
Notwithstanding the foregoing two ( 2 ) sentences , if Creative Commons has expressly identified itself as the Licensor hereunder , it shall have all rights and obligations of Licensor .	23	Verb
I would certainly not want farmers in countries that do not want to join the euro to be penalised .	12	Particle
Sierra was my stylist and i love what she did .	1	Verb
He lathered his face , took out a clean blade , and started scraping off his beard .	6	Adverb
It is right on the hustle and bustle of Wisconsin Ave but some might miss it as it is nestled in between Subway Sandwiches and Modell 's .	0	Pronoun
At the height of the development of his biological weapons program , his brother was extradited pursuant to a death sentence in the " Albanian returnees " case ( now he faces retrial ) .	7	Pronoun
When you move a field to the row area , the unique items of data within the field are displayed down the rows of the PivotTable view .	26	Noun
He called the next day to see if everything was to my satisfaction .	2	Determiner
She was Rebecca , Rebecca Edwards , like a big , untidy schoolgirl in her cotton shirt and sandals , the car key on her forefinger jingling harassedly .	15	Noun
i 've seen that ....... that does not help me at all it says what cubism influenced not what influnced cubism	11	Adverb
Nida also developed the componential analysis technique , which split words into their components to help determine equivalence in translation ( e.g. " bachelor " = male + unmarried ) .	4	Adjective
China has its own reserves of oil and natural gas and once was a net oil exporter .	0	Proper Name
Three months before , Adamson Mweta stood outside a steak house in Kensington and said to him ,	1	Noun
If America remains stuck in its under - saving ways but finds itself without Chinese goods and capital , it will suffer higher inflation , rising interest rates , and a weaker dollar .	30	Determiner
make sure that you have a shallow dish of water for it .	10	Adposition
Baghdadis do n't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more , you never know where you might get stuck .	2	Particle
my Tom cat will not eat meat just the juice in the can .?	9	Noun
The necessary report functionality should be available within the AS400 , however contingencies have been initiated to build tactical VBA / excel reports outside of the AS400 but using AS400 data downloads .	24	Adposition
The staff was very helpful in finding the right dog for me and the care my pup received was outstanding .	14	Noun
He willl eventually come and explore it and them you can handle him a little bit .	7	Conjunction
Once he is more comfy with his surroundings , then you can start handling him and getting to know each other more .	9	Adverb
The best pilates on the Gold Coast !	5	Proper Name
Major Awards – Market leader overall , Dandenong PMA , sales .	0	Adjective
so i m a little confused , why is there two statues of David ?	9	Pronoun
Margot 's had to be in the kitchen herself from six in the morning , and some nights it 's been until ten .	19	Verb
Panting , Ron hoisted them up into the car .	8	Noun
Great Meal	0	Adjective
I am the only candidate who believes in both economic freedom and personal liberty and the only candidate who stands on principle against cronyism and corporatism and in favor of the rule of law .	14	Conjunction
The XML protocol is a set of rules , guidelines , and conventions for designing data formats and structures , in a way that produces files that are easy to generate and easily read by different computers and applications .	20	Adposition
For several decades , Rymer 's view held sway ;	6	Noun
Then she lets go and falls .	4	Conjunction
You will also often see Thais doing a wai as they walk past temples and spirit houses .	16	Noun
All horses I 've had delivered to me since then are happy and healthy when they arrive .	7	Pronoun
The present research represents a first step in exploring the impact of transmedia systems , as exemplified by Game of Thrones , through the study of fans .	24	Noun
Jim Lobe has more on the political implications of the Fallujah assault , both in Iraq and in Washington .	16	Conjunction
Please let them know that I was simply quoting the CEO of a large , regulated utility in California .	18	Proper Name
This is a sine-qua-non , and it would seem unnecessary to keep stressing it .	8	Verb
Lots of jokes rehash the same ground and sometimes they retell a story countless other jokes have told .	4	Determiner
The management was easy to deal with during the planning stages , and the execution by the kitchen and wait staff was flawless .	18	Conjunction
Can we get together Friday morning July 7 at 800 am at your office ?	6	Adverb
The Washington Monthly 's Who 's Who of Neocons in Iraq helps explain the extreme incompetence and possibly double - dealing of many in the CPA .	7	Adposition
He 's pretty much an " I love American Food , good drinks on occasion , laid back . " kind of guy . ;)	22	Noun
to aim at full intelligibility of the reader so he / she may understand the full implications of the message ;	8	Conjunction
Łódź today may not have the glitz and glamour of its heyday ; however , there is a certain charm to Łódź in its partially renovated façades and leitmotivs , not to mention its grand artistic traditions .	8	Noun
They are invoicing for this and I do n't have an invoice for it .	4	Pronoun
– ' you must , ' he said in agitation , ' go and see the general manager at once .	2	Pronoun
Carve one in your chosen medium .	5	Noun
Yet , there is warmth and a familiarity with the vastness .	7	Noun
We have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose .	16	Noun
83 - Number of times Bush mentioned Saddam , Iraq , or regime ( as in change ) in his three State of the Union addresses .	21	Noun
Add only silk plants as plastic ones may tear up ur betta s delicate fins .	11	Noun
Balzac meant the story to bear witness to the treacherous turns of life , its " serpentine motion .	3	Noun
If anyone has it handy , it could speed things up for me .	11	Adposition
The elf hung his head .	1	Noun
This is in Ontario of course , the rates may be slightly different for other provinces / territories .	10	Verb
Some months later Sutcliffe died from brain haemorrhage because of John Lennon 's bruises .	7	Noun
Finally a chambermaid stuck her head around the corner from the top of the stairs and told us sternly that we could not be accommodated until 3 M , no exceptions .	26	Numeral
i want a small indoor pet that my mother will let me have please help	0	Pronoun
to reproduce the Work , to incorporate the Work into one or more Collective Works , and to reproduce the Work as incorporated in the Collective Works ;	11	Conjunction
I moved into the Tanglewood Apartments in late 2008 and it 's been a refreshing change .	6	Adposition
Tmobile want to Send of my phone and i did n't want to go thru that ...	8	Pronoun
System folders ( the System and System32 folders located in the Windows or WINNT folder ) .	5	Conjunction
We had a great stay , your service was excellent and we will use you again !	1	Verb
Boutique stores dealing in children 's clothing / gifts are often outrageously priced ( who wants to pay 40 dollars for a newborn onesie ? )	17	Verb
For several years Quinn had been having the same conversation with this man , whose name he did not know .	12	Noun
I would n't recommend this place last year , and I certainly would n't recommend them this year .	11	Adverb
Here in Jerusalem , when you shut your apartment door behind you you fall into a gale of conversation exposition , argument , harangue , analysis , theory , expostulation , threat , and prophecy .	7	Pronoun
No longer a throwback to the Seventies , flock – or coating a surface is material – is flying again .	19	Adverb
well i d just come straight out and tell them how you feel	7	Conjunction
In light of the CA regarding curves , I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information .	13	Determiner
Mr President , many thanks to Mr Barzanti .	6	Noun
However , you can put them in if you want .	7	Conjunction
In 1882 , a telegraphic system equipped with 34 fire alarm signals was put in operation .	1	Numeral
Gone downhill since change in ownership	1	Adverb
And indeed nothing is easier for a man who has , as the phrase goes , followed the sea with reverence and affection , than to evoke the great spirit of the past upon the lower reaches of the Thames .	11	Conjunction
If you 're not presently married , and want to be , you just might wed by the end of the year .	0	Conjunction
We hire educated , nice people .	1	Verb
There are no other requirements other than we ask that members greet each new member and each new alliance and also feel free to post in any of the forums .	9	Conjunction
So do n't get taken in , keep your eyes open if you choose to shop here .	12	Pronoun
And , together we formed this thing , it 's sort of like an entertainment team .	0	Conjunction
We do n't want too many tourists , and since we 'll both be out of school we can go anytime between the middle of June to early November .	10	Pronoun
Finally , in this time of natural disasters , I would just like to mention the issue of the use of Structural Funds .	4	Noun
Fortunately circumstances will force our hand soon since our collective bad behaviour can not continue indefinitely .	7	Conjunction
For better or worse , all the folks under the heading " Origination " and " Development " are ours , although Kathleen has a special role with Development .	22	Proper Name
I was playing a video game that has a m 16 Vietnam model , and in the game it 's 3 - shot burst .	23	Noun
Then I began to look for a ship – I should think the hardest work on earth .	13	Adjective
Can you help me interpret this statement and work through the numbers on my account .	4	Verb
We were the only customers there !	4	Noun
Of all Freemason sponsered revolutions : American , French , Bolivar , etc . . . Garibaldi 's is the most blatantly Masonic :	17	Particle
Of course , you could just go in by main force .	9	Adjective
Let 's discuss .	2	Verb
Cuaron , whose last film was the Oscar - winning Gravity , was reportedly not on set at the time of the incident .	9	Verb
He tried to block the contents from view as he hastily shoved handfuls of coins into a leather bag .	5	Noun
that should work	2	Verb
He is delighted to be here , and he is suffering the one activates the other .	9	Verb
Besides parking is a pain .. cramped and un-ruly with Kumon Parents next door .... gives me heebee gee bees'	6	Adjective
Yes , he too would have liked to have this wife and this child , to sit around all day spouting drivel about old books , to be surrounded by yoyos and ham omelettes and fountain pens .	4	Verb
See the steps for approval below .	0	Verb
If you 're going to go through the trouble of creating a sump for this tank , getting a protein skimmer would n't be a bad idea .	11	Determiner
bit of a stupid question but do the spikes / spines ( whatever you call them ) on their side and face area ever go hard .	7	Determiner
People were encouraged to submit their designs online at www.flag.govt.nz and suggest what the flag should mean on www.standfor.co.nz .	8	Adposition
I have purchased over 15 vehicles ( cars , rvs , and boats ) in my lifetime and I have to say the experience with Michael and Barrett Motor Cars of San Antonio was one of the best .	36	Determiner
HORRIBLE SERVICE !!!	1	Noun
Jin Ping Mei , published in 1610 , although incorporating earlier material , marks the trend toward independent composition and concern with psychology .	11	Noun
As far as the EEI goes , the only remaining issue that I 'm aware of ( aside from finalizing the LOC ) is whether we 've finished coordinating the Attachment containing the list of prior transactions .	12	Pronoun
Although Israel withdrew from Lebanese territory in May 2000 , the radical Lebanese Shiite party , Hizbullah , has not been mollified .	20	Verb
2005 is bound to bring at least one major success in the love department , and your career will be brimming with new enthusiasm and innovation .	18	Verb
Moreover there are now major covert attempts under way to try and bring back to Kabul leading Taliban commanders , who have been living quietly in Pakistan and have taken no part in the Taliban insurgency .	20	Pronoun
There is an e-mail by Moussaoui , however , dated July 31 , 2001 indicating that he sought to take a crop dusting course that was to last up to 6 months .	29	Adposition
After North Carolina passed its restrictive voting - rights bill in 2013 , Campbell went around to churches teaching people how to deal with challenges to their registration .	8	Noun
This particular chair is designed to help with back problems , which she has .	6	Verb
The Bad : I was at Napa recently and was unpleasantly surprised at poor waiter svce and subpar food .	9	Verb
Rathke also asked the governments of South East Asia not to turn away boats of people seeking asylum .	17	Noun
Arafat 's death creates a vacuum in Palestinian leadership that will not soon be filled .	10	Verb
It aims to take the journey time into account after deducting this from the working hours actually completed , without being able to measure the real journey time .	24	Determiner
Alcoholic drinks like beer , mead , bjórr ( a strong fruit wine ) and , for the rich , imported wine , were served .	20	Verb
The particular instruments mentioned in this Article include those referred to in Article IV - 438 of the Constitution .	8	Pronoun
I saw this place and it looked like the HOLY GRAIL .	6	Verb
People 's identity is made up of individual elements and elements of larger units to which they belong , and peoples ' impact on reality depends on which elements dominate their behavior .	19	Conjunction
No one 's going to hire you if you ca n't even spell , especially if you 're a high school graduate .	16	Pronoun
We take note of that , Mr von Habsburg , and I should be grateful if you could provide us with this letter .	4	Pronoun
I have settled the Ecogas / Enron / Randy Maffett lawsuit .	4	Proper Name
We have had many conversations with them and they have always been extremely patient with me as I tried on multiple hats in search of the right costumes for my magic act .	16	Conjunction
Crayola Air - Dry Clay ?	3	Noun
He was warned that they were building up a huge Army and would eventually launch an attack , but he ignored his military advisers .	9	Adjective
The best analogy I ’ve heard is when Rob Siegel , former editor-in-chief , likened it to wine tasting .	15	Pronoun
Ultimately , codependency leads to a loss of identity , serious frictions , and often a nasty breakup – unless one or both of the partners becomes more self-reliant and strikes out on his or her own .	7	Adposition
But you still have n't explained why a man like Don Quixote would disrupt his tranquil life to engage in such an elaborate hoax .	6	Adverb
In terms of their glow , I suspect that it 's not theirs -	1	Noun
As you can see , the price data is too large to fit into one tab .	10	Adjective
Nina Leopold Bradley , a plant ecologist and daughter of the conservation pioneer Aldo Leopold , published a 1999 paper in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences on her 61 - year uninterrupted phenological records .	34	Adjective
I am going on a private boat cruise with my friends from Florida .	8	Adposition
This did n't help , as Harry had never heard of such a place .	9	Verb
Or do you think it ’s nothing ?	3	Verb
Control support	0	Noun
However , this fruitful period was short-lived , as Greece suffered badly under the Ottoman Empire , only to recover in the 19th century as the capital of independent Greece .	15	Proper Name
We have already seen where poor Regulation of rapidly evolving financial markets can lead .	1	Verb
and a good reason for starting this group .... company firewalls lol ;)	9	Noun
I would like both Lynn and I to participate .	0	Pronoun
How can I make my password strong ?	6	Adjective
Try to go in there with the right frame of mind and enjoy them for what they are .	12	Verb
He heard Dando , forced by the old Labrador into the garden , walking about outside the guest hut and talking reproachfully to the dog ;	24	Noun
I would like to bring People from the heartland of America that make this nation work .	4	Verb
According to a new study by the economists Robert Shapiro and Aparna Mathur , if India achieved Chinese levels of IP protection , its annual FDI inflows would increase by 33 % annually .	3	Adjective
It was a well-kept place , with polished doorknobs and clean glass , and it had an air of bourgeois sobriety that appealed to Quinn at that moment .	15	Verb
Literacy had been lost and Mycenaean script forgotten , but the Greeks adopted the Phoenician alphabet , modifying it to create the Greek alphabet .	12	Verb
I expect to send them out to you sometime tomorrow .	7	Pronoun
They DO NOT have a return policy and even if their product SUCKS , they will NOT take it back !	9	Conjunction
Following a job advertisement found by his sister in The Scotsman , he worked for a year and a half as a staff journalist on the Nottingham Journal .	25	Determiner
Ličen has recently joined the Sport Management Program at Washington State University to develop its sport media and communication research and teaching contents .	2	Adverb
Also they will fill your tires with air and other small maintenance tasks for free , even if you did n't buy your car there !	3	Verb
That rejection got to the point that George Harrison kicked Yoko Ono in the Apple studios during the filming of Let it Be .	13	Determiner
The most fundamental human right , after the necessities of food , clothing and shelter , is the right to affection and the supportive love of other human beings .	12	Noun
Upon arrival at the school , however , it became clear that the children were not accustomed to playing with puppets and that the data collection would be a novel experience for them .	24	Noun
The aggregate functions wo n't include records containing blank ( Null ) values in their calculations .	1	Noun
How to Pledge :	1	Particle
that was a strange way to flirt .. but i guss it was his way ...	11	Pronoun
In the message , the former Minister for Justice accused Brice Hortefeux of being a ' fascist ' , ' Minister ( moron ) of the Interior ' and a ' thug ' .	29	Determiner
Such actions are mainly single - country or single - subject actions ( i.e. not eligible under Pericles ) and are systematically coordinated with Pericles by the competent service in the Commission in coordination with Member States .	14	Particle
I figured it would end soon , but the money just kept coming in .	7	Conjunction
But word of advice if you 're get your girlfriend a laptop make sure it s a good brand a not something like DELL , Acer , Asus , eMachines etc .	7	Verb
What started as a routine ultrasound became complicated when expectant mother Margaret Boemer , of Plano , Texas , was told her unborn child had a rare condition and needed surgery to survive .	0	Pronoun
It 's become a guardian of morality -- not church morality ; real morality .	12	Adjective
Instead of writing " Silver Service - Fragile " you should write something that makes it sound less theft inviting while showing the fragile nature of the contents .	2	Verb
Consider these points for mounting laser sights on semi-automatic wangs .	1	Determiner
7 . Stephen Covey , author , The Seven Habits of Highly Effective People	8	Proper Name
A Midsummer Night 's Dream is a witty mixture of romance , fairy magic , and comic lowlife scenes .	18	Noun
" Lindh , Frank ( Law ) " < FRL3@pge.com >	3	Proper Name
85 - Percentage of American young adults who can not find Afghanistan , Iraq , or Israel on a map .	2	Noun
A statistical analysis was performed based on the application of the paired t-test on the difference of the overall score obtained in the test before and after the intervention in the two groups .	28	Noun
M.D. Nalapat , an expert on jihad , is professor of geopolitics at the Manipal Academy of Higher Education , India .	4	Noun
One guy is a little surley , but who gives a crap as long as your car 's work is outstanding .	16	Noun
That way , we can get it to them in time for weekend review .	9	Adposition
And worst of all your child feels like a number not a patient .	3	Determiner
These three little ones do n't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice Dad , but I 'm sure they 'll find out soon .	4	Verb
She ’s a strawberry blonde , slim , her skin blank and virginal as new butter .	15	Noun
The impact of factors like poverty , maternal literacy , sanitation , and housing conditions on children 's health – and , in turn , on social and economic outcomes – is well documented .	18	Noun
Also being exhibited for the first time are British Ministry of Defence maps which imagine cold war battles and which were used in military college exams .	0	Adverb
Know that there are pros and cons to laser sights before you mount them on your wang .	9	Noun
No silverware , asked for a spoon for my son s mac and cheese ended up having to use my tea spoon .	5	Determiner
Debra Perlingiere	1	Proper Name
The premise with which the administartion is acting is that if they expeditiously suspend everyone 's right to bilateral contracts quickly , it sets up a barrier which the direct access coalition must break through .	27	Pronoun
Within Fort Lee , the main attraction would be its collection of restaurants .	7	Verb
So what is all the fuss about suicide killings ?	5	Noun
Nida retired in the early 1980s , although he continued to give lectures in universities all around the world , and lived in Alpine , Arizona , USA ; Madrid , Spain and Brussels , Belgium .	25	Proper Name
My experience with Home Delivery Service has been one of disappointment and anger .	3	Proper Name
January 15th -- We were signed up for Saturday 's 2 PM class " Beginning Yoga with Brittany . "	7	Adposition
China launched Shenzhou VI , its second manned spacecraft , early today in northwest China 's Gansu Province .	5	Pronoun
Contributions at the Pericles actions are ensured by the ECB , the Commission , Europol and , in some cases , Eurojust , Interpol and the US Secret Service .	8	Determiner
Be Careful Of Who Your Sales Guy Is	4	Pronoun
It is our belief that this compensation plan will produce some of the largest checks in network marketing history .	2	Pronoun
Sheltered by the building the garden was a grassy look-out over fuzzy colours of flowers , bees , and early moths to the long valley .	1	Adposition
You will notice that Questar has requested a " Payment Plan " that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events .	26	Proper Name
they recovered the pics geeksquad deleted .	2	Determiner
It was Joseph Goebbels who said that if you repeat a lie often enough , people will believe it .	2	Proper Name
i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side .	17	Pronoun
Harry tried to argue back but his words were drowned by a long , loud belch from the Dursleys son , Dudley .	18	Proper Name
Also , if you can think of anything else I can do to strengthen my overall application file for next year , please let me know .	8	Adjective
Addressing inequality requires greater redistribution through national tax systems , together with enhanced programs for adult education , presumably making heavy use of new technologies .	5	Adposition
Rebecca Edwards had just told Neil Bayley that Felix Pasilis , the Pettigrews ' Greek friend , was furious with her because she 'd forgotten some essential herb that he wanted for his sheep ...	9	Proper Name
Above is the link to the Department of State travel website , which will give you all the info that you need , including passport information .	25	Noun
Feel your body sinking slightly into the sand making that earthly connection again .	9	Determiner
Please use this new file as opposed to the one I sent earlier .	5	Adposition
Interim Palestinian leader and the front - runner in the upcoming Jan. 9 , 2005 presidential election Mahmoud Abbas talks during his first official campaign speech in the West Bank town of Ramallah , Saturday Dec. 25 , 2004 .	15	Adjective
We 've had a few since then , but none since our race horses began wintering in Florida .	15	Verb
The Oriental-looking little girl with Ras ?	5	Proper Name
For anyone who wants to see the capital in all its glory , November 's a great time to go .	1	Noun
In order to design this curriculum we follow a four step approach with a Working Out Loud - principle ( Williams , 2010 ) :	3	Verb
Would NOT recommend this place to anyone - in fact - save your money and go somewhere else .	12	Pronoun
no , i am not kidding and no i do n't want it b/c of the taco bell dog .	18	Noun
I have never seen this car before until this lady at wal mart had it and she told me she got it here and that everyone was so nice to her .	1	Verb
If you do n't mind mixed flavors , you can just skip this step altogether .	13	Noun
He opened his eyes to make the words stop .	6	Determiner
The government 's Flag Consideration Project has planned a number of conferences and roadshows as part of this process , with the first meeting set to take place in Christchurch on May 16 .	11	Noun
You were extremely polite and professional .	0	Pronoun
I like music very loud and with a lot of bass .	0	Pronoun
Some of the most intriguing questions are chemical ; do they produce some kind of antifreeze , and is that orange glow in the ROV lights their own ?	26	Pronoun
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12 noon .	8	Noun
( It 's indoors and outdoors ! )	5	Adverb
The computer disk was confiscated from him during his arrest by the CIA in Azerbaijan and handed over to the Egyptian authorities .	19	Determiner
This was one of those historic moments that leave a lasting imprint on a society 's collective memory .	17	Noun
It 's fantastic that they got the Paris Agreement but their contributions at the moment are nowhere near the 1.5 - degree target .	11	Noun
I 'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually , I 'm sure I do n't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me .	10	Adposition
In addition , could you look over the list below to see if there are any additional employees in your group that spent time on ECP , so we can ensure we bill all of our used resources to ECP .	37	Noun
It 's an amazing experience !	2	Determiner
The interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections , but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 ( or so ) balloting centres .	7	Pronoun
The people who carry out these underground arms / drugs / sex trafficking deals are trauma based mind controlled slaves .	6	Adjective
Debra Perlingiere	0	Proper Name
Gliding into a new political realm , the Americans arranged for loans to the Egyptian government .	12	Adposition
You can find them From Indian Oil Building , Sector - 37 , Taj Express Road ( Bus Stops ) etc.	17	Proper Name
Not many of those she looked at ever saw her again – not half , by a long way .	4	Pronoun
If they do not , if businesspeople feel marginalised , if entrepreneurs cannot take part , not only in managing but also in receiving these funds , we will have missed an opportunity to attain our objectives more rapidly .	7	Verb
You have heard , of course , that the Ministry is conducting more raids , said Mr Malfoy , taking a roll of parchment from his inside pocket and unravelling it for Mr Borgin to read .	19	Participle
Some individuals reported that when they are able to reach the site , all they get is a message stating , " The word scientology means search for truth ... " .	10	Determiner
At an elevation of 1100 ft ( 335 m ) , it is situated in the biologically unique Sonoran Desert .	2	Noun
They said good night to each other in the bright slanting sun and the Bayley children were already out on the grass in their pyjamas , riding bicycles .	20	Determiner
Birds are hard to gain trust with , but it 's lost so easily !	5	Noun
But as its economy has expanded by an average of nine per cent per year for the last two decades , so has its demand for energy .	18	Numeral
Madam President , first of all I should like to thank Mr Koch for his report which has , at its heart , the issue of transport safety .	10	Verb
0 - Number of coffins of dead soldiers returning home that the Bush administration has permitted to be photographed .	5	Adposition
The smell is simply too intense for rodents and they will not try to go near it .	3	Adverb
President Obama has an agenda that represents the far left wing of his party .	0	Proper Name
This magma tends to be very viscous due to its high silica content , so it often does not reach the surface but cools at depth .	12	Noun
How do you make your cat adjust to a new house ?	0	Adverb
There were no clues , no leads , no moves to be made .	1	Verb
Two vaunted economists - one a Nobel Prize winner and the other a nationally renowned budget expert - have analyzed the data at hand and put a price tag on the Iraq occupation .	21	Noun
The crime occurred in the sacristy adjoining the hospital chapel in downtown Toledo on the Saturday before Easter in 1980 .	7	Determiner
Since being a good friend to someone usually means helping them , they often ca n't stand the thought of a good friendship .	9	Verb
Good food and coffee with a nice atmosphere	0	Adjective
The Rams , the VCU sports team , also made the NCAA Final 4 this year , too !	15	Noun
I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT GOING ON WITH YOU AND THE LITTLE WOMAN .	6	Verb
He achieved some fame as an architect by redesigning the City Hall in New York for the First Congress of the United States ( See : Federal Hall ) .	22	Proper Name
International law does not know how to deal with a leader of murderers who is royally and comfortably hosted by a country , which pretends to condemn his acts or just claims to be too weak to arrest him .	38	Pronoun
Otherwise , you can do what you can do in other parts or Japan , like shopping , eating , etc .	2	Pronoun
Grab a book / novel and translate it to your own language .	5	Conjunction
I do n't like that option though - I think it 's pretty cruel and I'd not done properly you 'll end up really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop possible injury to your snake .	5	Noun
He has said that the Iraqis made surprising innovations in the milling and drying processes needed to weaponize anthrax .	8	Noun
That 's a tragedy for those populations , but it 's also a tragedy for the people eating them because they don't know that that 's toxic meat .	10	Verb
Those included Drew Cass , Devin Thurlow , people like that .	9	Adposition
International law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones , stands behind them and shoots with immunity and can not be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government .	1	Noun
If al - Qaeda can kill Musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by Islamist junior officers , they can hope to catapult the MMA to power as political allies and hosts .	20	Verb
Look around you and notice all the mind numbing trailor trash cretins out there who should not be procreating , yet they do .	17	Verb
Has a location , Theirs or TW land / ROW , been settled and when is the required in - service date ?	7	Noun
Here and there were bits of charred debris in the gutters .	9	Determiner
Can you tell me the whole process of breeding them and taking care of the babies ?	10	Conjunction
