Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources i ve been looking at ?	1	Nominative
I highly recommend this dealership if you would not like to hassle on price and receive friendly service .	6	Nominative
They would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they do n't want 3 people in that small apartment .	0	Nominative
Whenever you are presented with something that you do n’t want to do or would consider putting off , ask yourself , “ will this take me less than two minutes to finish ? ”	7	Nominative
with my breakfast I like bacon and sausage when I having a big breakfast like a grand slam with pancakes and the works .	9	Nominative
Let me know what you think .	4	Nominative
I will initiate the call .	0	Nominative
I love pizza and this was a complete and utter disappointment !!	0	Nominative
Just because you have a male and female , it can not be guaranteed the two mated .	2	Nominative
Scientology officials have stated they have not received the materials .	4	Nominative
I was later told they had been left at the warehouse and some future date they would be delivered .	15	Nominative
he tried to keep his eyes open but the whirl of green flames made him feel sick	0	Nominative
Well I recently bought the Nook Color , and I have to say that I am very happy with it .	14	Nominative
This is the year you 'll want to take stock of your career and ask yourself if you 're doing the work you want to do for the rest of your life .	4	Nominative
We still have the traders and books that you provided last week , but need to know if there are any changes to this .	8	Nominative
You need our insights just as we need your structure .	6	Nominative
He naturally assumes you 'll come out of exile .	8	Nominative
It 's historical for Sf , so when your aunte comes for a visit , take her there .	16	Accusative
They pride themselves on being an event and team building company for corporate clients but you better believe they are going to mark you up on that feel good premise .	23	Nominative
nevertheless , he was treated deferentially in San Francisco , and currency issued in his name was honored in the establishments he frequented .	2	Nominative
I would n't want any other company in my time of need .	0	Nominative
I do get my hackles up a bit when people haul out the old ' Rock - N - Roll made them do it ' argument .	0	Nominative
I told Paul that you called him yesterday so abruptly because you did n't want to waste his time while you got tests done for arthritis .	11	Nominative
" You 're ashamed of me , " he guessed , and Rachel kissed him and smiled and did n't say anything .	8	Nominative
I ca n't remember .	0	Nominative
I 'll pay up to 200 - 250 for it if I have to .	11	Nominative
I thought it would be a good idea to see how a few that I liked would look like on a model ( by looking the dress up online ) .	0	Nominative
That 's the most interesting part of all .	7	Nominative
It remains to be seen whether they will extend the same courtesy to the arriving gray wolf .	0	Nominative
It 's like from the sky .	0	Nominative
As we discussed , here is a first effort at a revised TVA offer letter .	1	Nominative
If you mention the name Amir you will receive % 10 off at time of purchase	6	Nominative
Then there is a big problem on Earth , and the people of Earth forget we are here .	15	Nominative
" He did what he thought had to be done at the time to keep the power flowing . "	4	Nominative
Honestly they have worked for me twice with my parakeets .	5	Accusative
Do n't go here unless you want to sit , order , eat and be asked to leave all in a matter of 20 minutes .	5	Nominative
If yes , you do n't need to change it because you board later .	9	Nominative
Then he got fever , and had to be carried in a hammock slung under a pole .	1	Nominative
EDIT : I love how she says it 's not callum but does n't deny it 's me .... i think we all know who she 's talking about ...	15	Nominative
Confirmation Desk : you can stop adding the rep to the confirms now .	3	Nominative
It made me feel good to see people work so hard to take care of others belongings .	0	Nominative
You are not French for a start , so the " rules " or " customs " may not apply to you when it comes to entering into a relationship between people from different backgrounds .	23	Nominative
If you have not already seen the Flash movie Epic , you should take a few minutes and view the future history of media as conceived by Robin Sloan and Matt Thompson , with music by Aaron McLeran .	11	Nominative
But she took a tidbit of crisp fat from her husband 's fork .	9	Accusative
I know a lot of people say to wait until he calls you , but it 's different because I 'm a client and technically that 's all I am at this point .	10	Nominative
" But you have n't talked about her to me . "	7	Accusative
They said they were " unable to tell me until they ordered my dress " .	10	Nominative
He is in my room , but there are so many things inside there , I du n no what to do .	15	Nominative
No matter what state I am in when I arrive , I always leave feeling better .	4	Nominative
i reccomend you to go and enjoy their wonderful hospitality .	0	Nominative
( He is 92 pounds ) He does not listen to any commands , but my major problem is that he will not go outside on command , or even with me .	6	Nominative
We will have to correct them after the churn .	5	Accusative
There is a painting on my wall in the Oval -- first of all , I do n't know .	15	Nominative
If you graduated you were assigned a fighter , if you were not quite fighter pilot material you had no response to fly another aircraft , you were washed out .	1	Nominative
" Beijing may end up in a early 1990s Japan situation , where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them . "	27	Nominative
Not for the first time , an argument had broken out over breakfast at number four , Privet Drive .	18	Nominative
The house they had bought , filled with possessions that had been stored all the years they were in Africa , the garden they had made , spoke for them .	23	Nominative
This means we ca n't look at the issue you raise with these animals .	9	Nominative
Mike Indivero , I understand that Mr. Mike Croall 's release date from NEPCO is Oct 31 , 2001 .	3	Nominative
If you should decide to arrange lodging at a different hotel , please do so quickly as there is limited availability in all surrounding hotels .	1	Nominative
The last thing you want is other substances interacting with the reactions you 're depending on to make the substances glow .	12	Nominative
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon and have a nice day .	7	Accusative
It appears you missed some cpys on the referenced list because Tom had the freeze panel button on , and you probably did n't see them at first .	2	Nominative
if you do n't mind being robbed , cheated or lied to then this is the company for you .	1	Nominative
of course , his hopes had n't been high ; they 'd never given him a proper present , let alone a cake – but to ignore it completely .	17	Nominative
Could someone in your group please give me a notional non binding basis differential for this quality of crude for Cal 2003 ?	7	Accusative
I do n't know where this stands officially ( I have n't heard any developments since Amsterdam ) but I can find out from Bob Pickle if you want .	9	Nominative
By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with , there was basically no design .	3	Nominative
Would they be able to make the Dursleys let him go ?	9	Accusative
" Are you here for stories ? " I asked .	8	Nominative
And though he 'd been a faithful servant , he was not such a player that he could get away with that .	9	Nominative
If you keep the cans away from the house , they are less likely to take up residence in your home .	10	Nominative
If you would like more on sexing out Aplocheilus lineatus take a look at the discussion in the first source below .	1	Nominative
I left in a French steamer , and she called in every blamed port they have out there , for , as far as I could see , the sole purpose of landing soldiers and custom-house officers .	8	Nominative
Google the term or find photography supplies websites and put it in the search box ( or look for studio equipment supplies ) .	10	Accusative
Some places do the registration right at the hospital .... in some smaller places , you need to register your child 's birth at the town hall / registrar 's office .	15	Nominative
They already have rights to take it , alter it , and release those changes to the world - this is what the whole open source thing is about .	6	Accusative
Yes , it 's a valid reflection of America - we do have cities like this .	2	Nominative
This place may have been something sometime ; but it way past it " sell by date " .	9	Nominative
I leave it to you as homework to figure out what Spain or France would have done , in such a situation .	0	Nominative
I have asked for 4 outside ports and should anyone else need to join in , they may do so with the access code and without operator assistance .	16	Nominative
I just give them guide and they can find anything they need .	3	Accusative
i m 33 .	0	Nominative
I 'm no detective but ... uhh ... seriously ?!?	0	Nominative
He had no genius for organizing , for initiative , or for order even .	0	Nominative
Fresleven – that was the fellow 's name , a Dane – thought himself wronged somehow in the bargain , so he went ashore and started to hammer the chief of the village with a stick .	5	Nominative
Would n't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves , or to talk their sons into doing it , if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor ?	21	Accusative
It 's opened up a new fan base , so to speak .	0	Nominative
Ask around to see what they 've been saying about you .	10	Nominative
We await approval on the final tariff language and can then file at the CPUC .	0	Nominative
Thanks for following me around the store	3	Accusative
Caplan dismisses retrospective voting , quoting a pair of scholars who call it “ no more rational than killing the pharaoh when the Nile does not flood . ”	12	Accusative
You are individuals of quality , and in our alliance we seek quality of member over quantity of member .	0	Nominative
It was born to our son David and his wife Courtney .	0	Nominative
I 'm under 21 + and looking for a nice place to take my boyfriend out for dinner where they play music and there is a dance floor .	19	Nominative
I had a severe phobia of attending the dentist until I met and was treated by Dr Nelson .	0	Nominative
But on the other hand a good reputation will benefit him , both with respect to the product and to his service .	10	Accusative
If possible , can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5 ?	4	Nominative
He was the only man of us who still followed the sea .	0	Nominative
I just wanted to check with you regarding the consulting arrangement we discussed a couple of weeks ago .	6	Accusative
Unfortunately , a family emergency required me to conquer this fear .	6	Accusative
After the cab had dropped him off in front of his house , Quinn realized that he was hungry .	5	Accusative
What do you like to do ?	2	Nominative
I 'll try to get back to you pronto .	7	Accusative
Once I returned to pick up my car , you can believe I spent quite a bit MORE time standing around waiting .	12	Nominative
You either 1 ) sacrifice on breadth and do n't produce the topics that wo n't interest advertisers , or 2 ) you sacrifice on quality and produce content that does n't cost much to write .	0	Nominative
When they see that you ar nt harming them , the will go up on your finger when you say up .	4	Nominative
I do know that most of the time this plant was not buring like it did in July and August of this year .	0	Nominative
Wish they could see famous Harry Potter now , he thought savagely , as he spread manure on the flower beds , his back aching , sweat running down his face .	14	Nominative
I was thinking cichlids ?	0	Nominative
If I were , said I , I would n't be talking like this with you .	1	Nominative
If you know someone who might fit the bill ask them to contact me and / or send me their resume .	13	Accusative
I do n’t like the doctor , but I do n’t know why .	0	Nominative
If your visa does not restrict you from taking any work in New Zealand then you can work in any sector .	15	Nominative
No doubt , in 2005 you 'll find yourself pushed more and more out into the world .	5	Nominative
He could be killed years ago and the israelians have all the reasons , since he founded and he is the spiritual leader of Hamas , but they did n't .	15	Nominative
First time I started wearing woman 's lingerie I was very young .	2	Nominative
Wandering among the tombs till I began to think myself one of the possessed with devils . "	9	Accusative
I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .	2	Nominative
And they would not have to land on the moon to take us down a notch . "	1	Nominative
What do they want to hear how you had to go round to the back door of the missionary 's house ?	2	Nominative
It was the first time i had left a salon with my hair curly .	5	Nominative
I plan on going again .	0	Nominative
It is the text of a speech given by an Arab gentleman before the advisory board of a large multi-nation corporation .	0	Nominative
Thank you though .	1	Accusative
Which airlines should I look into and when should I buy my ticket ?	9	Nominative
Good Lord , I 've no idea , I 'm sure he has n't either .	3	Nominative
I 'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually , I 'm sure I do n't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me .	19	Nominative
If you 're a fan of herpes , being ripped off , and child molesters , this is the garage for you .	1	Nominative
They say no , Warwick in New Jersey , Call New Jersey .	0	Nominative
If this man was as good a detective as the Stillmans thought he was , perhaps he would be able to help with the case .	12	Nominative
Loads of places have geographical hazards , if you are constantly paranoid , you 'll never get anywhere without a sense of adventure .	13	Nominative
And when I move it I guess he figures I 'm playing . x.x	9	Nominative
He said , All very festive , but it was distraction ; he had the feeling of listening inwardly , watching for something else .	12	Nominative
How do you come to an understanding to make peace possible ?	2	Nominative
More specifically , they answered “ yes ” that the puppet described the pictures well .	3	Nominative
They lets Dobby get on with it , sir .	0	Nominative
They , however , did n't seem to be missing him at all .	10	Accusative
Because he liked making statues of David ! :D	1	Nominative
If you would , please review the entire list and let me know if you are in agreement with the presentation by tomorrow evening , if possible .	11	Accusative
I know that name from somewhere . He went silent again , straining harder to dredge up the answer .	0	Nominative
It appears this guy is going to bring stability to the country and I think that 's good news for the subcontinent . "	0	Nominative
But before you fight and win , by force or otherwise , you have to realize that you are in a war , and this may take Europe a few more years .	17	Nominative
The project eventually was terminated but Larry and Bob decided to finish what they started and bring it to the world .	13	Nominative
cats react to the treatment they receive , they are not toys .	5	Nominative
Yet here you sit at dinner with charming people in a dining room like any other .	11	Nominative
' Ah ! So they talk of him down there , he murmured to himself .	11	Nominative
We 're entering into some interesting and perhaps previously unexplored socio-political - spiritual territory here that may require further examination and serious introspection .	0	Nominative
They indicated they could use Steve 's help face to face at some point .	2	Nominative
I 'm a member of a local animal rights news , and get regular emails from other members and the staff .	0	Nominative
Canned food is often suspect as to the actual contents and you 're paying for a high moisture content instead of food content .	11	Nominative
is it supposed to be storming ?	1	Nominative
For example , you can group the members of the Category field into two groups : high priority promotions and low priority promotions .	0	Nominative
They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs , as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs	27	Nominative
Do you want me to send the invoices to you ?	3	Accusative
We went through six photographers to find the right photographers that would represent our firm in the light we wished to and Michael and his team made that happen .	18	Nominative
I do n't want to wait till month end , let 's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order , let s take that value into June since it relates to July puts .	0	Nominative
Nevertheless , most European countries still trade with Iran , try to appease it and refuse to read the clear signals .	13	Accusative
I notified her grandmother with the time of the departure .	0	Nominative
I loved my stay here and if ever back in the area , I will be staying here again .	13	Nominative
He went looking for his brother , George Whitman , after he a telegram telling him his brother was injured in the South .	11	Nominative
I had a sampler of IPA , Brawler , Love Stout & ESA .	0	Nominative
There must be a reason so many people like it there .	9	Nominative
Venetia had had a first in Greek , herself , only a year ago , and could laugh over the mistakes .	8	Accusative
This email and any files transmitted with it from the ElPaso Corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed .	27	Nominative
I know that Jeff is in Portland .	0	Nominative
If these weapons have gone missing it 's a terrifying prospect . "	6	Nominative
Since Debbie is a client too , I think I 'll just mail them to your home unless you prefer otherwise .	7	Nominative
I 'll keep discussion of me to a minimum and just say that things are well on 32 .	5	Accusative
Frank Rack got in touch after they returned from Antarctica in hopes that I could help with an identification on the anemone .	6	Nominative
Stendhal 's heroes , when they are in prison , choose to think above love .	5	Nominative
Cervantes describes how he discovered the manuscript by chance one day in the market at Toledo .	9	Nominative
And if you send me a story , that would be great to !	4	Accusative
buy them in any good photography supplies shop .	1	Accusative
It is very important for us to know that .	5	Accusative
You are correct , I will make the appropriate changes and give you another review before sending execution papers .	4	Nominative
she laughed , protested apologetically , and shook cologne down into her freckled bosom .	0	Nominative
If you are n't certain , turn off the oven earlier and let them sit for a few more minutes rather than bake them into rocks .	13	Accusative
it s really amazing there , it ll blow your mind	0	Nominative
I sat in the shadow in my living room for a while , looking at the amorphous mass of the blanket I had been crocheting .	0	Nominative
They laughed .	0	Nominative
I believe we are to some extent already protected with " Enron " proceeded with anything , but EnronOnline ( TM ) , etc. just affords us more protection .	26	Accusative
He was speedily reassured , and with a large , white , rascally grin , and a glance at his charge , seemed to take me into partnership in his exalted trust .	0	Nominative
" Well , if you ever just want to see me I 'll come out and look him over and then we can grab a coffee after . "	10	Accusative
You hate to see talent get wasted , but honestly I do n't think I could take in a horse right now these issues .	14	Nominative
WILL SOMEONE PLZ HELP ME IT 'S DUE WENSDAY !?!?! :(	5	Nominative
Thank you for your consideration of this issue .	1	Accusative
Can you cover for me today ?	1	Nominative
As recently as last week the official line stated they had no knowledge he had entered the country .	9	Nominative
I hope you get your answer .	0	Nominative
How 's life on 32 today -- well that 's enough about you let 's talk more about me .	12	Accusative
I found her through a colleague one day when one of my clients was in the midst of a panic attack and needed professional help that I am not qualified to provide .	2	Accusative
the group to which Edwardsiella andrillae belongs includes many species that reproduce asexually , and it 's possible that the fields are " clones " produced asexually rather than the result of sexual reproduction .	15	Nominative
Take the messages for what they are : she has no objection in you being pals at uni , but she does not want to take matters further .	5	Nominative
Panting , Ron hoisted them up into the car .	4	Accusative
I ca n't imagine them not being able to meet the Feb 05 deadline .	4	Accusative
Do n't even get me started on how expensive it is to drink there .	4	Accusative
I think the women at this salon know that their business is based primarily from referrals . :)	0	Nominative
It was there , in this Central African territory , that he had been a colonial servant until the settlers succeeded in having him recalled and deported for his support of the People 's Independence Party .	11	Nominative
It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who does n't know anything about it and get them to initial it .	21	Accusative
There was also a list of the new books he 'd need for the coming year .	9	Nominative
They are hoping he 'll only be in the hospital 48 hours .	0	Nominative
I thought the US government was looking for me .	0	Nominative
I think she just wants to be able to touch football players legs .	0	Nominative
Native mats covered the clay walls ; a collection of spears , assegais , shields , knives was hung up in trophies .	10	Nominative
I just hope that I will be invited to the opening ceremony because we worked damned hard to get it .	13	Nominative
You can use the mint in cooking , as well as it serving a deterrent purpose .	0	Nominative
I 'm planning my trip to Asia and S. Korea is one of the destinations .	0	Nominative
“ Freeloaders drive systemic evolution , ” you find yourself saying .	9	Accusative
An old black Labrador with corns on his elbows stood slowly swinging his tail before Dando as he talked .	17	Nominative
" Some sections of the city which are dry now could see nine or 10 feet ( some 3 m ) of water , " he said .	25	Nominative
Certainly the affair was too stupid – when I think of it – to be altogether natural .	8	Nominative
So be sure to get your pet 's memorial on the site and if you have a charity / rescue , make sure it is listed on their database so you can receive some of the profits from the site .	30	Nominative
Finally , I told the little girl that she would have to accompany me to school ( 8:30 am ) .	8	Nominative
The thing about The Script is they do not sound that Irish , I was surprised to hear they were from Dublin .	6	Nominative
Please do not go there if it 's professional , friendly , diligent medical services you 're looking for .	6	Nominative
If you prefer larger cupcakes , then add a half a cup but make sure the muffin pan is larger and the cupcake holders are bigger .	1	Nominative
Good , good for there , he mumbled , and then with a certain eagerness asked me whether I would let him measure my head .	6	Nominative
She highly recommended him and described him as the " Saintly Instructor and Simply the Best Instructor there is .... very calm , pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions " .	6	Accusative
Specializing in short stories , she was one of the first important writers to appear in the Meiji period ( 1868 - 1912 ) and Japan 's first prominent woman writer of modern times .	5	Nominative
For weeks , reporters scoured Alabama in search of pilots or anyone who might have remembered seeing Mr. Bush at the time he was serving in the National Guard there .	22	Nominative
Moments like that must make you realize you have touched people who are n't normally touched by poetry .	7	Nominative
Let me know your thoughts .... then I will run it by Oxley .	7	Nominative
Wednesday does n't work for me .	5	Accusative
But if they 're enraged , then they may see you as questioning their ' perfect little world . '	2	Nominative
So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)	30	Nominative
You will be happy at this store !	0	Nominative
You have to have two because they do n't do well alone .	6	Nominative
I strolled up .	0	Nominative
I 'll take it to my bank tomorrow morning , deposit it in my account , and give you the money when it clears .	10	Nominative
I do n't know if there is anything I can do but I 'm always willing to help .	8	Nominative
They were laughing at the chemist as well as at the traveler .	0	Nominative
Does Attachment A to the Select EEI Master need to be updated or is the version that you sent to me the current version ?	20	Accusative
His remark did not seem at all surprising .	7	Nominative
He is currently in the emergency room at Ben Taub Hospital .?	0	Nominative
I visited London , Edinburgh , and St. Andrew s so far , and I was treated very well and with great kindness .	14	Nominative
also make sure you print this out NOW , so you can get the information off of it , as you will need it .	3	Nominative
I am 61 now so I really started when I was about 10 years old even though I had seen and worked with some basic tricks a few years earlier .	9	Nominative
People like the fact that I stand for a Virginia that is both Open-minded and Open for Business .	5	Nominative
why do you think they are mean ?	2	Nominative
We have a similar case unravelling up here in the northwest with a murder of a family and missing children taken for some purpose .	0	Nominative
Rather than asking a question , you can also simply offer your comments on these things .	6	Nominative
We do n't want to have to give anyone permission to use our recordings , we want anyone to use them for whatever they want .	23	Nominative
There was a famous newspaper interview where he had called Mweta that golliwog from Gala , raising its unruly and misguided head in the nursery of industrial relations in this young country .	7	Nominative
Olivia went in to change the record and because it was , unexpectedly , Mozart – the harp and Mute concerto – he lit a cigar to smoke while he enjoyed it .	29	Nominative
They needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files on Wilson .	0	Nominative
He made a grab for the letters , but Dobby jumped out of reach .	3	Nominative
Do you always seem to cross paths with people who are stuck on themselves , intolerant of people different from them , rude or downright arrogant ?	13	Accusative
It was just as though I had been let into some conspiracy – I do n't know – something not quite right ; and I was glad to get out .	5	Nominative
They seem to be just that : rumors .	0	Nominative
I must through it away .	3	Nominative
they passed the shadows of the mango trees in the bright moonlight lying beneath the trees like sleeping beasts ;	0	Nominative
But like i said nothing ever came of It .. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up ..	8	Accusative
It s between sea and mountains so you can camp on beach or between mountains !	7	Nominative
Unless you have a particular skill they need - and firm job offer before going - I would think twice about it !	21	Accusative
I just called this number and it is a Ralph 's Market .	6	Nominative
There is a clever , persistent young woman who writes to me often from Italy , who insists upon giving the most ordinary occurrences in my novels a political interpretation .	11	Accusative
He is already demanding claims that Israel said no to not only the world , but to Arafat himself .	18	Accusative
( For some reason it will not let me rate it one star - it is not rated 5 by me ! )	10	Accusative
It was the fault of the parts supplier , and can we imagine how he felt having to put another 2 hours of work in the car .	0	Nominative
Additionally , reviewing the standings of Louisiana and Mississippi in the educational stakes , you 'll find they usually land near the bottom of a list of 50 states .	17	Nominative
Are we playing tomorrow at 9:30 ?	1	Nominative
Do n't know where else you can find Purple Hull Peas and some of the other sides .	5	Nominative
And that ad had pulled so many girls , because they -- I think they all thought that nice girls do n't do this .	14	Nominative
It just gives you a little leverage and curb pressure .	0	Nominative
We must help them to improve their border security .	0	Nominative
I asked her who she worked with and she just told me ti was the sales manager .	2	Accusative
In the following example , Year is the outer field and Salesperson is the inner field .	2	Nominative
If so go for it and I 'll give you all the moral support I can as you figure out what is up .	9	Accusative
Can you offer comments / concerns / guidelines ?	1	Nominative
You may want to get a temporary phone for your trip to Canada .	0	Nominative
So I think the first question is , what is this all about , why should we even be debating NATO , is there any reason why it should exist ?	1	Nominative
Daniel , he said to the boy , this is Daniel .	2	Nominative
About exporting or copying a PivotTable view to Excel or other applications	3	Nominative
( Tatu , who lived for years in Moscow , chats in Russian with Stern and Schneider . )	12	Nominative
Ten years since they had been deported from the territory , ten years since she was a youngish woman of forty , and the girls were still schoolgirls .	3	Nominative
If Access does n't find a RefLibPaths key , it searches for the referenced file in the locations listed below in the following order :	22	Nominative
If you want to take it a step further , look around questioningly at everyone in the elevator when no one gets off at the floors you pushed . [ 1 ]	26	Nominative
After he already put product on my hair he said " I should warn you , I 'm expensive . "	8	Nominative
He must just as well have asked for Chief Sitting Bull – the effect would have been no different .	9	Nominative
Suicide murders are not a new invention but they have been made popular , if I may use this expression , only lately .	15	Nominative
I assume from your message you are OK with this and they can get it nailed down ?	0	Nominative
Sometimes it is not worth it to go through that kind of staff and their personal attitude to get to a doctor .	1	Nominative
Also , please pass this along to everyone you know , and all of your email contacts .	8	Nominative
It has been a pleasure meeting you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future .	8	Nominative
i could n't be more happier with the way my garage looks .	0	Nominative
I lived here for two years when the prices were a little lower :) The places are very nice and clean , and in great condition !	0	Nominative
They are invoicing for this and I do n't have an invoice for it .	6	Nominative
I did the same thing that you did for christmas .	0	Nominative
He would be a Libertarian today .	0	Nominative
There 's your Company 's station , said the Swede , pointing to three wooden barrack-like structures on the rocky slope .	19	Nominative
I have been getting my treatments for a few months now and have seen some results but not up to the standards that I was told I should expect .	23	Nominative
Jean and Thane , I think that we need a FORMAL PLAN on what to do over the next 3 - 6 months to leverage this situation .	4	Nominative
Who are they ?	2	Nominative
Has it altered your life ?	1	Nominative
Deal table in the middle , plain chairs all round the walls , on one end a large shining map , marked with all the colors of a rainbow .	6	Nominative
Even though you may not want to use them , it will give you some idea of what it might cost and what is fair .	18	Nominative
But if the babies were born in American so they would named in other way but still remain " First name " in order to recall about their origination .	9	Nominative
From the amount of time spent with us to explain things during the initial quote , to the communication through the approval process to the actual workmanship of the build itself .	30	Accusative
Everyone was friendly from the receptionist to the surgeon herself , putting me at my ease and explaining the whole process , both initially and then as we went along .	9	Accusative
Gerry , I ca n't thank you enough for helping me cope with my fear .	6	Accusative
Then I nearly fell into a very narrow ravine , almost no more than a scar in the hillside .	1	Nominative
' When you see Mr. Kurtz , he went on , tell him from me that everything here – he glanced at the desk – is very satisfactory .	12	Accusative
After friday , I will no longer have access to the estate , so if you could shoot this off over night so I could have something in the morning to work with I would appreciate it .	15	Nominative
She maintained contact all round her as they danced , talking over his shoulder to this one , putting out a broad calloused brown foot in a gold sandal to nudge that one in the calf .	0	Nominative
This is an event you do n't want to miss !!	4	Nominative
We read about six hundred to eight hundred headline ideas on a Monday coming from our staff and a small group of writers outside — a contributing core .	0	Nominative
I had so many strawberries right on the field ... strongly recomend ... do nt forget to try their great ice cream	0	Nominative
Usually they blow dry it out and i have to wait until i wash it to see what it will look like in its natural state .	1	Nominative
Not the smartest move to take off on a worldly adventure if you 've never traveled before and you do n't put where you would be traveling from .	23	Nominative
We 'll show them how good we all are and well-meaning and generous and open-minded and evenhanded .	7	Nominative
I 've also included a redlined draft showing changes .	0	Nominative
The judge in Duffy 's fraud and breach of trust trial ultimately ruled they were within the Senate 's rules when he cleared Duffy of all charges .	21	Nominative
He 's an ex-pat from New Zealand and he 's been in town for awhile .	8	Nominative
You can add pureed fruit for delicious flavor changes .	0	Nominative
Oh I 'll tell you who 's still around though – Barry Forsyth .	1	Nominative
i have a Mature male and female they are together a lot but never laid eggs as far as i know can anyone help me figure out how to make them mate	7	Nominative
We all enjoy buying a snack when visiting a town or attraction while on holiday .	0	Nominative
Of course not . But I mean the book inside the book Cervantes wrote , the one he imagined he was writing .	5	Nominative
Now-and-then history treats us to an interval of freedom and civilization and we make much of it .	12	Nominative
His excursions through the city had taught him to understand the connectedness of inner and outer .	7	Accusative
If the Dursleys wake up , I 'm dead , said Harry as he tied the rope tightly around a bar and Fred revved up the car .	6	Nominative
If the PX comes back again , I will call their in - house attys .	7	Nominative
FITNESS UNLIMITED is a second home to a lot of us gym members who work out daily .	10	Accusative
I also want to express my disagreement on the support given to the American law on Hong-Kong .	4	Nominative
We will meet that commitment .	0	Nominative
I called them for an estimate and they INSULTED ME WHEN I ASK THEM QUESTIONS .	9	Accusative
Oh , they also charged me for the procedure ( $ 250 ) AND had the audacity to charge me a $ 25 ' DISPOSAL ' fee .	5	Accusative
If you 're looking for homestyle Japanese food , you ca n't beat this	9	Nominative
Two months ago I had to have an operation for a serious complaint .	2	Nominative
But I did find this website , www.igourmet.com , where they sell all types of sausages , including blood sausages !	1	Nominative
I do feel guilty about you doing all this work .	5	Nominative
I 'm afraid you 've got the wrong Paul Auster .	0	Nominative
I 'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY .	6	Nominative
We 're talking about doing some individual web series , video series .	0	Nominative
But you need to ask yourself do you feel the same way ?	7	Nominative
But I 've got to go back – term starts on September the first .	1	Nominative
IF you have NOT begun the Application process's NOW < you are about 2 to 3 years away from being approved by Immigration Canada .	10	Nominative
I would like to thank you for taking the time to recommend me to the MBA Program .	12	Accusative
Converting an Access database set to ANSI-92 SQL query mode from 2002 file format to 2000 or 97 file format .	2	Nominative
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year .	0	Nominative
And I was relieved when Nicki called to let me know she was home safe .	1	Nominative
Is he on his last legs or is it conceivable that he could be around for another 15 years as is claimed by some of the sources i ve been looking at ?	27	Nominative
If I come towards him , he will run away .	6	Nominative
You know about rotating your tires , do n't you ?	9	Nominative
Even though they might not be the best way to get around the island , a ride on the bus is still an experience you should not miss .	24	Nominative
He took the time to explain things to me about my computer , i would recommend you go to him .	8	Accusative
As to EPM like Shee said being in MI we 've had to deal with it .	15	Accusative
If you are in town and need that kind of space I say stay here but if you are looking for a little more upscale affair do n't let the pictures fool you and book somewhere else .	17	Nominative
She is a super sweet , lovable and well - informed woman with a great sense of humor .	0	Nominative
he is feisty , as most king snakes are , but he is a very nice little guy - he never tries to bite or anything .	0	Nominative
As he examined the yoyo , he could hear the child breathing beside him , watching his every move .	6	Nominative
I asked why so high and they said it was due to the labor of moving things out of the way .	6	Nominative
Should you have any questions , feel free to call me .	1	Nominative
The last time I did that I was suggested to buy oblivion when I told them I was looking for a fps .	13	Nominative
Also after seeing a handful of bullfights , I can say that they 're a lot more enjoyable if you 're smashed ( BAC >= .15 ) .	19	Nominative
He might be sick take him to the vet to see	0	Nominative
I sat in the shadow in my living room for a while , looking at the amorphous mass of the blanket I had been crocheting .	21	Nominative
The asparagus , seared tuna , and lobster tail were the best we ever had .	12	Nominative
But it did not give me the time of day .	5	Accusative
The place where I 'm boarding is not likely to want to take me this far , and I do not have any ways of hauling him myself .	13	Accusative
On Friday , fishermen rescued over 700 asylum seekers whose boat sank , and the Indonesian Navy reportedly saved 200 more after they were found swimming along the coast of Aceh , Indonesia .	22	Nominative
When i say jiu - jitsu or mma i mean it !	10	Nominative
I would recommend him to anyone .	3	Accusative
And he 's been right .	1	Nominative
We promised him a liberal education when we left South Africa , you see .	6	Nominative
Ras Asahe , I came to your place in England once .	3	Nominative
I see that we are scheduled to have lunch today .	0	Nominative
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .	20	Nominative
They are very well made and realistic .	0	Nominative
I did an overnight in a home stay that was sweet and the water market was wonderful .	0	Nominative
Thank you ,	1	Accusative
You will find elegant hotels , restaurants and malls in the northern part of the city .	0	Nominative
This is the only place I have ever eaten and been told to leave because other people were waiting .	5	Nominative
For five years he had kept William Wilson 's identity a secret , and he was n't about to give it away now , least of all to an imbecile stranger .	26	Nominative
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand , i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube .	20	Accusative
Yep , the females are just getting to him ... dads ..	8	Accusative
After he found out from somebody else , Archibald attempted to talk to Mr. Bush about it .	16	Accusative
I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase , and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation .	24	Nominative
You need to purchase what is called a shoulder point harness .	0	Nominative
Only the man with the flowered sponge-bag , as if unaware of this useful convention , insisted on a Here we are again smile .	20	Nominative
They really are milking the incompetence angle though , are n't they ?	11	Nominative
Hilary Braysmith , USI associate professor of art history , said , " I think his photography is equally influential as his graphic works , his more famous pictures of Marilyn .	13	Nominative
They were called criminals , and the outraged law , like the bursting shells , had come to them , an insoluble mystery from over the sea .	18	Accusative
Yeah you got ta burn it .. that s the only way	1	Nominative
This was simple prudence , white men being so much alike at a distance that he could not tell who I might be .	20	Nominative
Both bathrooms look like they were flooded and the wood cabinets are thrashed at the bottom and they slapped some pieces of wood over to try to cover it up .	28	Nominative
And do you get charged for it ?	2	Nominative
You can tell when your king snake is about to shed , because its eyes will get milky looking .	0	Nominative
Will you be providing an execution version with questions removed / blanks filled in ?	1	Nominative
" I 'm afraid not , " explains Winston , " that is what we would call a GREAT LOSS . "	14	Nominative
So I will mainly talk about how to use a representation theory to solve all kind of problems and conjectures in asymptotic groups theory .	1	Nominative
Workers who do these introductions look at the interaction objectively ; and it 's good to see they are able and willing to say no if they feel there would be a problem .	26	Nominative
I live nearly two hours away and yet I will still make the drive to see them !	8	Nominative
If you are new to " The Cat Album " I can tell you that you 'll find more than 1100 pictures of cute cats at this site .	10	Nominative
i completely agree .	0	Nominative
I do n't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed , understand and have implemented these standards .	12	Nominative
However , I was n't going into any of these .	2	Nominative
I was sold a phone by a friend and sent it off to get it recycled what can i do ?	14	Nominative
We have the technology ; if you are going to spend billions of dollars touting " FREEDOM " why not spend those billions making all of us free ?	26	Accusative
This is the best Mediterranean Restaurant in the West Valley , I have friend who drive from central Phx to come here .	11	Nominative
It clearly gives the Admin a very strong upper hand to control who when and where direct access can occur without having to say that they oppose direct access .	0	Nominative
I swear that he might have twisted it off had I understood what it would mean to Garcia .	13	Nominative
America cried wolf in Iraq , and what ’s scary is that sooner or later , that wolf will probably get us .	21	Accusative
It was about two years from when Frank sent me specimens to when we got the paper out .	0	Nominative
In today 's instant world , there 's no reason for the instructor not to even have given us a phone call or e-mail if she was going to be late .	25	Nominative
I am only familiar with Morton 's and Ruth Chris .	0	Nominative
He worked on it right on the back of my car .	0	Nominative
She stayed because I held her there by looking at her , the way you can sometimes will a dog into submission .	3	Nominative
Please send it directly to kent.shoemaker@ae.ge.com , copy to me .	2	Nominative
Your best bet would just be a swiffer duster -- they do n't require cleaner .	10	Nominative
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	23	Accusative
The noise outside had ceased , and presently in going out I stopped at the door .	11	Nominative
She ran down to meet them , her bushy brown hair flying behind her .	5	Accusative
If you 're playing quidditch you 're probably just having fun so play nicely .	5	Nominative
We therefore had to meet these two fundamental objectives and I sincerely believe that we are close to achieving this .	0	Nominative
In order to be invited to the debates , we must raise money and poll nationally .	9	Nominative
You will also have the experience of learning the bella Sicilian culture , that I have fallen in luv with .	0	Nominative
Supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening , but I 'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal .	1	Nominative
In earlier applications and in some current uses , Cascading Style Sheets ( CSS ) were used to tell the browser how to display the XML data .	7	Nominative
Can somebody give me the names some collages that do post 18 ( degrees or foundation degrees ) in either :	3	Accusative
I thought it would be a good idea to see how a few that I liked would look like on a model ( by looking the dress up online ) .	2	Nominative
Till I felt somebody touch me on the back .	5	Accusative
He was at a loss to explain to himself why he found it so appealing .	10	Nominative
As you see it was CES acquired by ENA in asset purchase .	3	Nominative
We would like to thank our emergency plumbers who visted our shop in Morningside Road today .	0	Nominative
Cheap , full of locals , conducted by fearless drivers , you can enjoy the beautiful Caribbean panorama to the sound of Guadeloupean zouk music .	11	Nominative
I am available after Rick 's Friday budget meeting ... are you available then ?	0	Nominative
We all know what happened , but even to this day , there are many different versions and opinions on how it happened and what effect Chernobyl will have on the health of people affected by the fallout .	0	Nominative
We will conduct first round interviews in the morning and the second round interviews in the afternoon .	0	Nominative
yet to understand the effect of it on me you ought to know how I got out there , what I saw , how I went up that river to the place where I first met the poor chap .	14	Nominative
So I worried them .	1	Nominative
XSL for Transformation ( XSLT ) is a specification that is currently under development by the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) , and supported by Access .	27	Nominative
2002 World Cup , we won bronze .	4	Nominative
We have updated our site to include a LOST and FOUND page and you can now join our branch and make a secure on - line donation to the charity .	0	Nominative
When she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney .	1	Nominative
It s all interesting stuff .	0	Nominative
Pewter is perfect for what you are doing , and it melts on a stove top .	5	Nominative
Just as he opened his mouth to speak , he was interrupted by a clattering of keys at the front door , the sound of the door opening and then slamming shut , and a burst of voices .	2	Nominative
by going away from the standard isda maybe we can eliminate these requirements because the payout liability is only 1 - way .	8	Nominative
Aunt Petunias high , false laugh sounded from the living room .	5	Nominative
Where coordinating tax policy is concerned , the main objective is to limit manoeuvring and distortions on the capital markets .	5	Nominative
I had immense pain on a Sunday morning , with friends and family telling me that I would never find a Dentist on a Sunday .	0	Nominative
Mention people you know that they do n't like .	2	Nominative
He said yes .	0	Nominative
The name Malfoy still commands a certain respect , yet the Ministry grows ever more meddlesome .	11	Nominative
She highly recommended him and described him as the " Saintly Instructor and Simply the Best Instructor there is .... very calm , pleasant and very detailed in giving instructions " .	3	Accusative
The one time I actually booked through a travel agent I did not get all of the amenities I had paid for .	18	Nominative
it s your cat you can pick and name you want	0	Nominative
I ve tried to tame them and they just would not get tamed .	5	Accusative
Although it is often alleged ( without much evidence ) that Saddam Hussein gave money to the families of Palestinian suicide bombers and so encouraged asymmetrical warfare , it is not clear that he actually posed a danger to Israel .	33	Nominative
First , the nature of such an investigation is that we lack sufficient information to second - guess ( or even know ) what the FBI is doing .	10	Nominative
I guess those guns will be located enroute to Venezuela or found in storage there by one of the US 's local stooges and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two .	24	Nominative
So , if anyone can give me some advice , I 'd sure appreciate it !	10	Nominative
1 Choose the kind of basil you wish to grow .	6	Nominative
I do n't get it .	4	Nominative
You can randomly select items from a row or column field and group them into higher-level groups .	13	Accusative
I remember one of our ads that I had put in said , " If you think nice girls do n't do S&M , " -- I forgot what the rest of it said --	15	Nominative
Sir Reginald himself will present Mweta with a buta-wood lectern and silver inkstand , it 's down for Tuesday afternoon .	0	Nominative
( b ) Is it right that Enron has 3 sets of bad faith proceedings in Texas ?	4	Nominative
My dental surgeon , Dr. Lucy Nichols is clearly a dental perfectionist and clearly proud both of the work she does and the reputation she has established .	19	Nominative
plus we can be outside watching it .	6	Accusative
They can even use fake snitches .	0	Nominative
you need to bring me next time	0	Nominative
You can find fodder lots of places — from your life , joke files online , by repurposing jokes you ’ve heard in the past , and so on .	19	Nominative
I bought a beginner s quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts .	0	Nominative
I mean , is the problem national , say between Jews and Arabs ; or is it a matter of generations between an old age and a new age ?	0	Nominative
Please give me a call if you would like to discuss .	2	Accusative
It resulted , however , in the abandonment of important pieces of heavy artillery , and it remains a matter of historical debate why the railway to Flensburg was never properly used for the evacuation .	16	Nominative
I do n't see Bush doing any of this .	0	Nominative
As soon as your friends understand your language , communicate to them with it .	11	Accusative
In case you are interested , I attach this paper on gas Storage value modeling .	2	Nominative
I work with him and since past 6 years he is hosting his websites to Liquidweb .	9	Nominative
How they murdered him I do not know , save that it was Murillo 's hand who struck him down , for Lopez had remained to guard me .	3	Accusative
Consonant gradation is a feature in both Finnish and northern Sami dialects , but it is not present in south Sami , which is considered to have a different language history .	14	Nominative
Not once did I feel listened to like they actually cared about what I wanted , all they were interested in was me signing a contract right then and there .	22	Accusative
About how Access searches for reference libraries	2	Nominative
It 's terrible when I sing the old chants from home but it 's not so bad in English – English is such a rough-sounding language anyway .	18	Nominative
But I ca n't give him too many shocks at once , and I say , " She has not had a Jewish upbringing . "	13	Nominative
You may also want to avoid Thanksgiving week and the Christmas holidays .	0	Nominative
Do n't think I do n't know I 've got some bad times coming to me , he said , as if taking up , in private , current talk about himself .	17	Nominative
They are sooooo beautiful .	0	Nominative
I am sorry for him , he is a good dad	6	Nominative
I need the prices below .	0	Nominative
“ I had it done when I was little and see , you ca n’t even tell . ”	3	Accusative
Took a bite , it tasted odd .	4	Nominative
As soon as the official party photos were released , social media lit up with comments — and they were less than favourable .	18	Nominative
I loved the car so we began negotiating my trade - in and the price of the 09 XF .	0	Nominative
Take up as much space as you can to dance until everyone is staring at you . [ 3 ]	15	Nominative
While this is most apparent in the area of your career , you 'll see it showing up in other important aspects of your life .	15	Accusative
Then I began to look for a ship – I should think the hardest work on earth .	1	Nominative
Unfortunately for them , the general has decided to take seriously Colin Powell 's frequent boasts that it was on his nudging that the Indians made conciliatory gestures toward Islamabad .	2	Accusative
Hope you unde$tood the me$$age I do have an " S " key on my computer .	1	Nominative
Again I apologize , but it 'll be better over there .	1	Nominative
As the southeast asians and philipinos came over , they added to the cultures .	9	Nominative
We are a consortium of legit honorable guilds that was established in 1997 for DI and we are now adding GW to the list of games played .	0	Nominative
Apparently Russians are all inclined to see us in this way .	7	Accusative
I am going to give it one last chance in next few months and see ??	0	Nominative
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy this message or disclose its contents to anyone .	16	Accusative
We respect the fact that debate and discussion continue in many of our religious communities as to the scriptural , theological and liturgical issues involved .	0	Nominative
I have a Norwegian Forest Cat that is named Achilles bc as a kitten he always attacked your feet when you walked by !	14	Nominative
You just want to be sure you can groom and saddle sufficiently and the horse itself is calm enough so that whatever size it is , you can handle it .	0	Nominative
Aside from that little * mystery * , one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong I was about how another dress that I loved compared to one of her dresses that I was trying on .	36	Nominative
Olivia went in to change the record and because it was , unexpectedly , Mozart – the harp and Mute concerto – he lit a cigar to smoke while he enjoyed it .	22	Nominative
There were rumors that a very important station was in jeopardy , and its chief , Mr. Kurtz , was ill .	10	Nominative
With 71 goals in 137 international matches , he has shot a record number of goals for the DFB .	8	Nominative
He ministered for a short time among the Tarahumara Indians in Chihuahua , Mexico , until health problems due to an inadequate diet and the high altitude forced him to leave .	0	Nominative
Also , I purchased some furniture last year and all has been great !	2	Nominative
During the holiday , he began an extra-marital affair with the young girl , which he admitted shortly after .	15	Nominative
I better pass on the Comets game .	0	Nominative
I 've toured this place and was impressed by how clean the place was , and all the options for the dogs .	0	Nominative
[ The santorum neologism is ] offensive beyond , you know , anything that any public figure or anybody in America should tolerate , and the mainstream media laughs about it . — Rick Santorum	9	Nominative
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to give me a call .	11	Accusative
In one class , he asks the students if anyone can give him an example of a " tragedy " .	12	Accusative
I just give them guide and they can find anything they need .	0	Nominative
Perhaps you are willing to recommend this site and , if you have a website , place a link on your website .	11	Nominative
After talking with Professors Titman , Ronn , Brown and Jemison , I was sure that the School was the right place to get the education I was looking for .	12	Nominative
It has cat 's " Meowing " for the vocals , and you might really find yourself in those furnaces , feeling and thinking those terrible feelings and thoughts that these cats do before they die .	16	Accusative
I have a day stop - over in San Francisco and my wife want to see some of the key sites .	0	Nominative
They bake bread fresh daily , they do n't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it , and the meat is always fresh .	18	Accusative
And not only did he select the authors , it was probably he who translated the Arabic manuscript back into Spanish .	12	Nominative
Paris also claims that her passport was taken away from her and she was forced to work in the engine room .	10	Accusative
I felt as if I should help her sleep .	4	Nominative
I crave those .	0	Nominative
Whether they pay me or not , if their parents get into an accident , stuck in traffic , etc. THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WAS N'T PAID .	23	Nominative
Good Lord , I 've no idea , I 'm sure he has n't either .	8	Nominative
He knows his own mind but he 's not an intransigent fellow at all ...	11	Nominative
I love Air France !	0	Nominative
Hearing is a dog ’s secondary sense , and I will discuss that in another blog entery .	9	Nominative
The confidante and right - hand man of Dr. Ayman Zawahiri admitted that Zawahiri succeeded in obtaining anthrax and intended to use it against US targets .	22	Accusative
He went out in the evenings and had a good time .	0	Nominative
It is heartening that the European Union recognises the problems and is willing to focus on them .	16	Accusative
It 's quite a large Canadian tournament , and so we went as the Gliders team .	10	Nominative
I believe you got a copy of the John Sommer letter to producers dated Jan 6 that MKM 's spies intercepted .	0	Nominative
So what should be done ?	0	Nominative
‘’ There is much better tactical cooperation between our forces on both sides of the border , but the movement of Taliban still goes on both ways , ’’ he adds .	29	Nominative
Spa We tried the spa on the Liberty and loved it .	10	Accusative
He could not wait . Had to start without me .	9	Accusative
" Like many Texans , I am disappointed with NASA 's decision to slight the Johnson Space Center as a permanent home for one of the Space Shuttle Orbiters .	5	Nominative
To start we tried the guacamole and salsa verde , it was completly flavorless .	10	Nominative
They have also reestablished their historical links with Lebanese and Iranian Shiites .	0	Nominative
They DO NOT have a return policy and even if their product SUCKS , they will NOT take it back !	18	Nominative
After searching for two or three minutes , he finally found a place on one of the benches , wedging himself between a man in a blue suit and a plump young woman .	20	Accusative
I would really appreciate that .	0	Nominative
If we 're not careful , we 'll have another Head Boy in the family .	1	Nominative
Let s get together soon .	1	Accusative
And I was relieved when Nicki called to let me know she was home safe .	9	Accusative
And you might think by reading this I blame the kids .....	1	Nominative
what do you mean i am perverted ?	4	Nominative
I will be going to Del Frisco 's in late November for dinner and I was wondering what the dress code is for a female .	14	Nominative
I tell all my customers they can try it , but do n't count on it .	0	Nominative
I shook hands with this miracle , and I learned he was the Company 's chief accountant , and that all the bookkeeping was done at this station .	10	Nominative
" Most striking is the disappointing performance of Soviet foreign and domestic policy since the late 1950s , " they wrote in 1972 .	19	Nominative
The name seemed to suggest something to Auster , and he paused for a moment abstractedly , as if searching through his memory .	10	Nominative
It can also make him or her question your motives , leading the person to believe that you may be trying to get something out of him or her .	6	Accusative
http://www.solutions.com/jump.jsp?itemID=1361&itemType=PRODUCT&path=1%2C3%2C477&iProductID=1361 If anything you use has a strong or lingering fragrance it can bother or potentially injure the bird .	3	Nominative
No , but I do believe some Koreans reside in the country of HA - ha !	3	Nominative
Here 's what we know .	3	Nominative
You are correct , I will make the appropriate changes and give you another review before sending execution papers .	0	Nominative
Ken said to go ahead and equip it with what you think it should have .	12	Nominative
Of course , my mind is not all it should be .	7	Nominative
The current arrests are " a continuation of the shenanigans against us , " said Dündar .	11	Accusative
We inherit our mode of appreciation from the Victorians , from a time of safety and leisure , when dinner guests knew better than to smoke after the main course , when Levantines were Levantines and culture was still culture .	38	Nominative
It 's principle except a number of cases , for example , the babies are orphans or not to have father .	0	Nominative
Once they fixed it they answetred all of my questions with no hesitations and then gave me the best quote ever .	16	Accusative
They said good night to each other in the bright slanting sun and the Bayley children were already out on the grass in their pyjamas , riding bicycles .	6	Nominative
I have two cats , and at first they hissed at each other because cats are very territorial , but now they do fight and play .	21	Nominative
Unfortunately , they are talking about moving it so it will be on the year before the Paralympics .	7	Accusative
The smartphone generation received an app it deserved , where , in the best case scenario , the most idiotic situation received an audience of millions .	6	Nominative
But then , to its more severe leftist critics , some of them Jews , Israel is not the " democratic exception " it is said to be .	13	Nominative
You mean , how did we manage to make it all happen so quickly , right ? :)	0	Nominative
My origin Station is Howrah , but I want to board at Asansol ..	7	Nominative
IT S NOT A BIG DEAL BUT I HAD TO TAKE MY SALAD HOME BECAUSE THEY FORGOT TO BRING IT .	7	Nominative
Harry explained all about Dobby and the Dursleys .	2	Nominative
" There should be no preferential access to government , or appearance of preferential access , accorded to individuals or organizations because they have made financial contributions to politicians and political parties , " the guidelines read .	22	Nominative
I think you will be pleased .	2	Nominative
I have many friends that have laptops bought in the UK that use them here	13	Accusative
We had to throw out about 80 percent of our meals because the food tasted so horrible .	0	Nominative
If anyone would like to be conferenced in or attend in person , please let me know .	15	Accusative
You can filter on more than one field at a time to further narrow the focus .	13	Nominative
I have the opportunity to pick up a super nice 6 year old for free .	0	Nominative
I 'm pleased that someone referred me to them for my commercial business .	6	Accusative
Well I recently bought the Nook Color , and I have to say that I am very happy with it .	1	Nominative
Does this mean that for June and for a certain portion of July we should not do anything and just make adjustments on a going forward basis ( and assume everything will work out at month end ) ?	13	Nominative
Paul is out of the office today so I have n't had a chance to talk to him .	8	Nominative
Do you have a view on how we might be able to achieve this goal ?	7	Nominative
They really are milking the incompetence angle though , are n't they ?	0	Nominative
Filter settings are retained when you move or remove a field .	4	Nominative
In Brazil , I will be meeting again with Tozzini lawyers .	3	Nominative
' I hastened to assure him I was not in the least typical .	5	Accusative
I shopped it around and they were extremely competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my tires which should extend the life and get me better gas mileage .	5	Nominative
And no , I do not work for them . :)	3	Nominative
I 'm studying to be a teacher , so I know that there will definitely be jobs out there when I 'm done .	0	Nominative
No doubt , in 2005 you 'll find yourself pushed more and more out into the world .	8	Accusative
For example , a series drop area is not displayed for a pie chart because pie charts consist of only one series .	0	Nominative
Why do n't you phone another location and ask ♥	3	Nominative
" The effects of iodine deficiency are dependent upon how severe it is and when it occurs .	15	Nominative
Please let me know if you need anything else .	2	Accusative
As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now .	23	Nominative
I 'd go if I were you , or she 'll tell everyone in London you were buttering up to the Africans and did n't want to see them .	4	Nominative
You should double check with the necessary embassy before you leave though .	9	Nominative
Are you guys still looking for an analyst ?	1	Nominative
Of course not . But I mean the book inside the book Cervantes wrote , the one he imagined he was writing .	17	Nominative
All horses I 've had delivered to me since then are happy and healthy when they arrive .	2	Nominative
“ We are actively thinking of possible ways to limit the scope of litigation to only those with a real standing in a project , ” he was quoted as saying .	1	Nominative
The pictures are broadcast at a rate of about 60 Hz , which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving , flawless picture .	24	Accusative
' Well , let us say three months before we can make a start .	4	Accusative
Days away : Sept. 21 through Oct. 3 ( assuming you work on the day we leave and go back to work the day after we return )	15	Nominative
RP : Is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really stupid ... ?	12	Nominative
They put the story into proper literary form – in Spanish – and then turned the manuscript over to Samson Carrasco , the bachelor from Salamanca , who proceeded to translate it into Arabic .	0	Nominative
She makes you feel like you are the most important person in the world .	5	Nominative
He 's not starving .	0	Nominative
Nota held the rank of captain in the Russian army and fought the Germans until 1945 .	5	Nominative
When Dando 's opinion of someone was really low he did not seem to hear his name .	9	Nominative
What was I supposed to do , say I ca n't afford you and walk out with crap all over my hair .	8	Nominative
i mean a 2 day stay was a ok stay even tho the manager looked like he was chineze and that we only slept and went out from 8 to 7 to see New York .	16	Nominative
I do n't want to wait till month end , let 's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order , let s take that value into June since it relates to July puts .	32	Nominative
Bob Noyce and Gordon Moore wanted to name their new company ' Moore Noyce ' but that was already trademarked by a hotel chain so they had to settle for an acronym of INTegrated ELectronics .	25	Nominative
i.e. Are we covered if we proceed a word with " Enron " ?	5	Nominative
He 's a good kitty , just when he plays he bites REALLY hard .	10	Nominative
Also they ca n't eat potatos , they are toxic for them .	11	Accusative
One of their many grieving Facebook posts has a line which would have delighted Chris : “ More African than you , I have not known . ”	20	Nominative
This is a busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant , which also must be wonderful - so just ask for what you need , and I 'm sure they will do their best to be hospitable .	25	Nominative
Joseph Manogue at Tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the draft ISDA doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original .	10	Nominative
Best of all , the staff is quick on their feet and even with long lines , usually serve you in 5 minutes or less .	19	Nominative
You could look at yourself , turning to catch different angles and say “ All right , all right , now we ’re talking , ” very loudly .	21	Nominative
Stepping out , I feel a bit numb , like a wasp in autumn .	3	Nominative
This year it is very easy to make your contribution .	2	Nominative
" When I left , " he said , laughing , " the hostages wept and begged me to stay . "	2	Nominative
Try recording your joke on a tape player and playing it back to yourself .	10	Accusative
When those lucky enough not to have Herpes create a climate of shame and indignity for those of us who do , not only are they hurting us , but they are hurting themselves .	18	Accusative
They passed me within six inches , without a glance , with that complete , deathlike indifference of unhappy savages .	0	Nominative
I 'm getting in touch because I think it could be useful to people campaigning about hospital closures .	6	Nominative
The pictures are broadcast at a rate of about 60 Hz , which is how fast they need to move for us to see them as a moving , flawless picture .	21	Accusative
You understand it was a Continental concern , that Trading society ; but I have a lot of relations living on the Continent , because it 's cheap and not so nasty as it looks , they say .	13	Nominative
First of all , I am very sorry to hear you 're having this issue with your cat . :(	4	Nominative
I do n't remember the exact cost but remember thinking how inexpensive it was .	12	Nominative
I know that with my industry - wide and investment banking contacts that I can help raise capital for the fund .	0	Nominative
I have to tell you that I have n't had one and do n't want one .	0	Nominative
If possible , can you also give an indication of the rank - 1 through 5 ?	4	Nominative
They have towed car for me a few times and I am always very satisfied with this services .	5	Accusative
I declare the first international Olympic games over .	0	Nominative
If you could respond to me on this request , thanks	1	Nominative
and sometimes karma can manifest itself on a bad review on Google .	5	Accusative
They wanted to brainwash them and control them . ''	7	Accusative
" We do not believe the suspect has ties to this school , or to the two girls , or specifically to the Abbotsford area , " she said .	27	Nominative
Because Usamah is Saudi , my guess is that they were especially influenced by an extremist form of the Wahhabi school of Islam that predominates among Saudia 's some 15 million citizens .	9	Nominative
They basically buy daily deals from Groupon , Living Social , and all sorts of other places .	0	Nominative
She answers all questions asked and provides the best service i have ever seen .	10	Nominative
Whether it might have turned out differently , or whether it was all predetermined with the first word that came from the stranger 's mouth , is not the question .	12	Nominative
( Most Salafis are not militant or violent , though they tend to be rather narrow - minded in my experience , on the order of Protestant Pietists ) .	10	Nominative
I would much rather put it off until I can afford to have the vacation of a lifetime as I 'm sure this trip is intended to be .	8	Nominative
It 's of no use to me . Quinn looked around the apartment and gestured vaguely .	6	Accusative
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .	18	Nominative
You wonder if he was manipulating the market with his bombing targets .	3	Nominative
If they 're OK with it , we 'd like to execute it as soon as possible unless there are any objections .	12	Accusative
I want to go to the cafeteria for vegetables .	0	Nominative
We visited on 7/26/08 for dinner We received a gift certificate for the Mama Mia 's on Greenfield Ave .	0	Nominative
I understand how competitive the process has become , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , personality , extracurricular activities , etc. that this would compensate for my disability .	10	Nominative
As it turned out , the Soviets never made it to the moon .	1	Nominative
i have tried " braining " both live and dead pinkies , and bloodying them up to get his attention , but he does n't care .	14	Accusative
I am so glad that I called in to see Ana , she is a lovely girl who showed nothing but care and compassion towards me .	12	Nominative
That 's a sign of arrogance , since it is very hard to be a truly good friend to someone who 's stuck on themselves .	24	Accusative
You can find fodder lots of places — from your life , joke files online , by repurposing jokes you ’ve heard in the past , and so on .	0	Nominative
July is when he started to exhibit slight symptoms and the owner and vet originally thought it was just some nerve damage from something in the pasture with no visible injury .	3	Nominative
I looked at my father but he did n’t turn his head .	6	Nominative
I do n't want to have to deal with those deal - a - day websites like Groupon .	0	Nominative
Bray was half-embarrassed to find that he even caught his eye , once , and there was a quick smile ; but Mweta was used to having eyes on him , by now .	19	Nominative
Every pompous jackass from the bush who filled his pipe with tobacco bought with dues from the local party branch .	5	Nominative
They were not enemies , they were not criminals , they were nothing earthly now , – nothing but black shadows of disease and starvation , lying confusedly in the greenish gloom .	10	Nominative
were they roughhouse playing ?	1	Nominative
I promise you will not be disappointed !	0	Nominative
Thank you guys .	1	Accusative
They will be distributed on a business basis first , then personal use .	0	Nominative
I have been interrupted 20 times while responding , so I hope that it makes sense .	10	Nominative
Today , it is the primary safety law affecting virtually all ships , regardless of country of registration .	2	Nominative
They told me to bring it back after 5000 miles .	5	Accusative
She was described by The Guardian of London as the ' Queen of the curve ' , who " liberated architectural geometry , giving it a whole new expressive identity . "	0	Nominative
So far what they have done together has been good for us and that ’s how we would like to keep it ’’ , says Karzai .	16	Nominative
We walked in to pick our little man at 10 minutes to closing and heard laughter from kids and the staff .	0	Nominative
When you take a warm shower and build up steam , his cage will collect water , the bedding will absorb much of it , and will not be able to absorb the urine quite as it should .	36	Nominative
Present are Isaac Stern ; Alexander Schneider , formerly of the Budapest String Quartet ; Kollek 's son , Amos ; two Israeli couples whom I can not identify ; and the foreign-news editor of Le Monde , Michel Tatu .	23	Nominative
He 'd been talking of nothing else for a fortnight .	0	Nominative
He 's not putting it back on .	4	Accusative
Should we set a date now ?	1	Nominative
You are unlikely to have the time or ability to aim for a soft landing-spot , body of water , or other impact site that might improve your chances of survival .	0	Nominative
They also do n't tell you that they 're going to mail you an " application " to be admitted to be a patient .	12	Nominative
I called her grandmother and explained things to her .	0	Nominative
I did look at EOL and am not surprised to see its quality .	0	Nominative
not tonight , Dandy-Roly I 'm on my best behaviour .	5	Nominative
This one person who I never met took a picture of me and sent it to me in an e-mail .	11	Accusative
Well you say Miramar I say Piramar	4	Nominative
St François if you go at the eastern point of Guadeloupe , you will reach La Pointe des Chateaux , a scenery made of sand and rocks which have vaguely the shape of a castle .	12	Nominative
I 'll take it to my bank tomorrow morning , deposit it in my account , and give you the money when it clears .	21	Nominative
But like i said nothing ever came of It .. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up ..	20	Nominative
Than the troops being issued the weapon were told it was self - cleaning , which it was n't .	16	Nominative
These are some of the things I 've been wondering ...	6	Nominative
These people can be a great source of potential pain , and this article is here to help you sort the arrogant from the not-so-arrogant .	18	Nominative
Things You 'll Need	1	Nominative
When I ask my mom she says she will never let a snake in her house .	5	Nominative
I know that some of you are , and that some of us are , and this is what gives me hope .	12	Accusative
Data outline for Orders page	3	Nominative
The Egyptian pharaoh thus found himself in northern Amurru , well past Kadesh , in Tunip , where no Egyptian soldier had been seen since the time of Thutmose III almost 120 years earlier .	5	Accusative
I do n't want to waste my time on routes set for children , but I do n't want to take on something I ca n't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion .	15	Nominative
So we did n't expect them to even know some of the requests that we asked that night .	14	Nominative
He was going to operate and replace my bicuspid aortic valve due to critical aortic stenosis .	0	Nominative
He finally admitted that only the 4 ADA room alarms had sounded , so only 4 guests were effected ( no big deal to him ) .	24	Accusative
The SQL Server database must be running on a Windows NT platform .	10	Nominative
If you are serious about working out in a non-commercial like atmosphere then you have chosen the best place to be .	13	Nominative
At the same time , it pleased him to know that Stillman also had a red notebook , as if this formed a secret link between them .	26	Accusative
Right away they told us that it was the same great food with the same prices so off we went .	18	Nominative
Do n't get me wrong I want to go , but for 2 days -_- I mean seriously .	15	Nominative
now i will have really straight teeth .	1	Nominative
You can filter a field to display only data that matches the value in a selected cell .	2	Nominative
If you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone .	23	Nominative
I felt weary and irritable . Hang Kurtz , I thought .	9	Nominative
And , she granted , “ you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different — we can do better — and where she has expressed regret . ”	2	Nominative
I love this cage , it 's easy to clean , very spacious and fun for the hamster	0	Nominative
I 'm looking after Colonel Bray , no need to bother him .	11	Accusative
Lots of rules , phantom innkeeper , last minute price was worth it .	12	Nominative
What is still being perpetuated in all civilized discussion is the ritual of civilized discussion itself .	15	Accusative
in our case , they are only hedging .	4	Nominative
He hires someone to translate it for him into Spanish ,	7	Accusative
Would it be possible to persuade others to agree with what he said , even though they did not believe him ?	16	Nominative
He graduated and obtained an M.A. on 21 April 1882 .	0	Nominative
Thank you .	1	Accusative
You can view or edit the contents of the file in any text editor .	4	Nominative
For a split second , Uncle Vernon stood framed in the doorway ; then he let out a bellow like an angry bull and dived at Harry , grabbing him by the ankle .	29	Accusative
The scene that month showed a street in some New England fishing village , perhaps Nantucket .	11	Nominative
I 'm sorry . Auster said .	0	Nominative
She gestured and laughed , but her husband was eager to break in , holding up his hands over the plate balanced on his knees .	0	Nominative
Roland Dando said we probably should be seeing you at the Rhino .	3	Nominative
Worse comes to worse , I 'm out of the $ $ and have to put him down anyway or have a pretty pasture ornament .	5	Nominative
What I love most about this place , other than the food , is that eating here makes you feel like you 're in a small town rather than Baltimore .	21	Nominative
Objects or donations should be placed in front of a monk so he can pick it up , or place it on a special cloth he carries with him .	25	Nominative
So-o-o ! he exclaimed .	2	Nominative
1 . I found the title to the 4 wheeler and I was going to change it over to you name .	11	Nominative
They can smell it so i 'm sure he knows what it is and just do n't want it .	11	Nominative
She turned and walked back into the house and Harry , after a nervous glance at Ron , who nodded encouragingly , followed her .	0	Nominative
No , but he 'd already mentioned it yesterday , is n't that so ?	3	Nominative
For a time I would feel I belonged still to a world of straightforward facts ; but the feeling would not last long .	3	Nominative
The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming , and makes me more grateful for the blessings I have .	6	Accusative
One of them is the channels that NBC as the broadcasting rights owner for the United States will use to air the Paralympic Games on .	2	Accusative
We sued Houston Casualty last year but I do n't recall making any bad faith claims .	7	Nominative
Today I went into Kwik Kar and there were two cars in front of me for inspection ... but I was still out of there pretty quick ... barely had time to read a chapter in my book .	14	Accusative
you guys want to watch the game at woodrow s tomorrow ?	0	Nominative
A horn tooted to the right , and I saw the black people run . A heavy and dull detonation shook the ground , a puff of smoke came out of the cliff , and that was all .	37	Nominative
So I have a mini-MMPI that I --	6	Nominative
We 've only had one urgent issue to deal with and they were very prompt in their response .	0	Nominative
Why do n't we meet in Diagon Alley ?	3	Nominative
I ’d said my prayers , talking a long time as usual with my Maker and thinking about some of the great mysteries the Father of Lights had revealed to me .	0	Nominative
They said good night to each other in the bright slanting sun and the Bayley children were already out on the grass in their pyjamas , riding bicycles .	0	Nominative
Believe it or not , but the channel guide has been most helpful to my family members that visit and do n't know where to start when it comes to watching satellite tv .	27	Nominative
By the time you get to be a writer for The Onion , though , the odds are you are going to succeed because we make it pretty challenging .	26	Accusative
Users can also filter , sort , and group data .	3	Nominative
I will sum it up with , it was worth every penny !	0	Nominative
In late September 2001 , it was announced that the President was seeking a blanket waiver that would lift all restrictions on aid to military and security units in connection with pursuing the militant islamists .	5	Nominative
We will forward the draft of that guaranty to you later today .	9	Accusative
The other stylists around me kept pressuring me saying he 's so wonderful , you 're going to love your hair .	7	Accusative
In 1519 , he became ruler of the Habsburg empire , and he gained the title Holy Roman Emperor in 1530 .	3	Nominative
thank you very much .	1	Accusative
I have tryed to give him water but he wo nt take it .. what should i do ?	12	Accusative
[ The santorum neologism is ] offensive beyond , you know , anything that any public figure or anybody in America should tolerate , and the mainstream media laughs about it . — Rick Santorum	30	Nominative
I need to have a form filled out that says I do n't have health insurance coverage through Enron .	0	Nominative
I suggest you go up to Raging Taco & Raging Burrito a couple of blocks up the street or even Taco Mac .	2	Nominative
He blew the smoke into the room .	0	Nominative
Just yesterday we switched over to a new site which has a demo of the VM ( virtual microscope ) I invite you to check it out .	25	Accusative
Just to let you know that it looks like one day will work .	3	Nominative
We four affectionately watched his back as he stood in the bows looking to seaward .	0	Nominative
The other day I took up a man who hanged himself on the road .	10	Accusative
Middle-aged Armenians serve drinks and wait on us .	7	Accusative
They went into the Sputnik Bar for a moment , meeting music like a buffeting about the head , and then someone said that he thought the arrangement had been to meet at the railway crossing .	0	Nominative
Good local steakhouse , I recommend it !	4	Nominative
When you move a field to the column area , the unique items of data are displayed across the columns .	0	Nominative
Attached for your review are draft talking points for the Cal Energy Markets conference I 'm speaking at on Thursday in SF .	14	Nominative
It is easy to get discount airfare for them since they travel very frequently .	8	Accusative
We are only doing public domain works , for a number of reasons , partly to keep simplicity in our copyright situation -- public domain means it s as simple as can be .	26	Nominative
I was on vacation from October 4th to October 19th and I did n't submit my timesheet yet .	11	Nominative
I thought that I had gained my cockatiel 's trust , but now he 's not coming to me when I open his cage .	0	Nominative
He had the same pale , pointed face and identical cold grey eyes .	4	Nominative
I recently took a rescue puppy to this Clinic and I was SHOCKED at how well Romeo and My family was treated .	10	Nominative
it was a little to high dollar for me	0	Nominative
He can eat all his feed and does n't drop any , but can not eat hay from lack of muscle to chew it .	23	Accusative
" What was wanted was an elite to underpin the rulers , themselves in turn supported and buttressed by a population which presumably understood , approved , and legitimated the aims of such an elite .	12	Accusative
The only reason I switched away from them in the first place is because my good friend who apprenticed with them was starting out on his own .	20	Accusative
They showed some kids on TV , and they were quite taken with it .	8	Nominative
Actually , I think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just do n't be too mad if I have to cancel .	4	Nominative
I hope you do n't mind , but I 've taken liberty to turn them into a web photo album at http://24.27.98.30/pictures/08-05_Garrett_Gayle_Bday .	2	Nominative
Another thought with this being a mosquito season from hell could it be West Nile ?	11	Nominative
By the way , have you read the Declaration of Independence and US Constitution - or do you only know the first phrases ?	17	Nominative
I have a question about McDonald 's Monopoly !	0	Nominative
If you would like this executed , please let me know .	9	Accusative
" As a way to commercialize his work , he would make a blue Marilyn and a pink Marilyn and a yellow Marilyn , and then you could pick your favorite color and buy that .	26	Nominative
Have distributed to Western GA team ( plus Steffes ) for comment and thought you may have some , too .	14	Nominative
" I think everybody knows Andy Warhol 's name , even non-art people , that 's a name they might know because he was such a personality " , Water said .	18	Nominative
As for the Clinton administration , let me say one thing in its defense .	7	Accusative
Those who were tripped were then crushed by the wave of people behind them .	13	Accusative
I would recommend her to anyone !	0	Nominative
The flowers were all that I hoped they would be , I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all .	7	Nominative
Thank you for the invitaion to the conference call .	1	Nominative
They 'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want , plus all the information you need to apply .	3	Accusative
From behind that structure came out an impression of pale plumpness in a frock-coat . The great man himself .	18	Accusative
Do you live in a gated community or gentrified neighborhood ?	1	Nominative
Stored in an underground vault at Gringotts in London was a small fortune that his parents had left him .	3	Nominative
The sitting was suspended at 11.25 a.m. until voting time at 11.30 a.m. .	12	Nominative
You should call your vet now and ask them what is normal or not .	0	Nominative
She was an anthropologist , and Bray accepted this as an explanation for her passion for arranging excursions , on which she carried her baby tied on her back , African style .	27	Accusative
Walking in the door you are made to feel happy and relaxed .	4	Nominative
I would n't have mentioned the fellow to you at all , only it was from his lips that I first heard the name of the man who is so indissolubly connected with the memories of that time .	0	Nominative
She certainly was n't ' forced ' to be there .	0	Nominative
He had just the faintest blush , and said modestly , I 've been teaching one of the native women about the station .	11	Nominative
In any case , I congratulate Mrs Thors on her French ; I certainly can not speak in Swedish or Finnish .	10	Nominative
i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland , would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall ?	13	Nominative
The problem with this argument is that Bush lacked the experience necessary to be president when he ran in 2000 , so this sort of cheap shot just hoists him by his own petard .	29	Accusative
Like most of us I was a little skeptical and little worried about the legal aspects of it all .	3	Accusative
I did n't have a chance to speak with you after the offsite to shake your hand .	0	Nominative
Listen up , kids : You 'll be working with a solution that 's near a 12 on the pH scale .	5	Nominative
He dated a beautiful young woman working on the campaign .	0	Nominative
it 's on tonight	0	Nominative
Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !	33	Nominative
They argued self-righteously as two old-maid sisters .	0	Nominative
Most Fridays I 'm going to TRY to pick Michael up since I 'm away so much , which means leaving by 445 or so .	12	Nominative
I was unsure of what he should wear , it says business casual but that can be interpreted in many different ways .	0	Nominative
You company and services will be recommended by us to everyone . "	8	Accusative
Yes , we should add compliance with OTC Derivatives and / or Commodity Contracts and Qualified Party requirements of the Securities Act ( Alberta ) , Securities Act ( British Columbia ) and Securities Act ( Ontario ) .	2	Nominative
That was the last Ismat heard from her .	7	Accusative
We have seen it already in Algeria and , to a certain extent , in Turkey .	3	Accusative
We need to be more ' rigorous ' about how we perceive these people .	10	Nominative
His first wife died of cancer about ten years ago and he has married again .	9	Nominative
It sounds as though his health has deteriorated significantly .	0	Nominative
Well one day he said to me You know i do n't wear Underwear as he was bent over Working on my Mare s Right front hoof .. and I was Like Ummmm okay ???	7	Nominative
For example , you can filter for the three cities that generated the most sales or the five products that are least profitable .	0	Nominative
If I threw him against a wall and still conscious he will run away , do I hang him by the tail so the blood can flush into his skull ?	3	Accusative
We have never had a problem with the cabins .	0	Nominative
I 'm willing to give it a shot .	5	Accusative
They worked around the clock to ensure that my puppy life was saved .	0	Nominative
The thing about The Script is they do not sound that Irish , I was surprised to hear they were from Dublin .	18	Nominative
I think he left the Nail out of the shoe as a excuse to come back and see you hey he may be your Prince charming ..	2	Nominative
I have spent the afternoon looking around from menu to menu ...	0	Nominative
I love how it really depends on how good a horse your horse really is , not how talented he is .	19	Nominative
Fast Service Called them one hour ago and they just left my house five minutes ago .	8	Nominative
Before I left Chicago , the art critic Harold Rosenberg said to me , " Going to Jerusalem ?	1	Nominative
i believe that NASA is a HUGE waste of tax payers ' money , but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies , that i find it best not to think about it .	35	Accusative
However , when he printed out the service quote , I could see that it was NOT the correct tire , and was not even an appropriate tire for my car model .	10	Nominative
If you move the line to the left , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line to the right remains constant , and the perpendicular line to the left of the moving line contracts .	35	Nominative
Is this related to the problems he is having getting around ( circulatory ? ) ?	6	Nominative
They took on the challenge of making my Ferrari all I dreamed of and more .	10	Nominative
It is estimated that Israel has over 200 nuclear weapons yet neither the US nor any of her allies expresses the slightest concern .	0	Nominative
He must just as well have asked for Chief Sitting Bull – the effect would have been no different .	0	Nominative
They could n't use real Quidditch balls , which would have been hard to explain if they had escaped and flown away over the village ; instead they threw apples for each other to catch .	24	Nominative
The same week , the WTC head testified that while they had not received any briefing on the use of planes , they had taken steps to prepare for an attack using anthrax based on intelligence that had been received .	10	Nominative
He has a full youthful clever face ; a black beard , small and tidy .	0	Nominative
The sushi is great , and they have a great selection .	6	Nominative
You still considering it ?	0	Nominative
So was Darren there last night to meet her or do you just think they 'd make a good match ?	14	Nominative
“ It ’s an implant that will let them know where you are , and how you are .	16	Nominative
And for me , what I want the purpose to be , is to inspire people .	5	Nominative
Then she sighed in a way that seemed to suggest she was regretting her decision to take him home .	10	Nominative
" Well , " says the boy , " because it would n't be an accident , and it certainly would n't be a great loss ! "	18	Nominative
I love how it really depends on how good a horse your horse really is , not how talented he is .	3	Nominative
Suddenly there was a growing murmur of voices and a great tramping of feet .	4	Nominative
Pat had told me before he left that it would help me better grasp the process as a whole .	11	Accusative
In fact , many people Wikinews observed took out their mobiles as they left for the evening and used their own phone cameras to make one further record of the moment - a photo of a photo .	12	Nominative
If something happens that I 'm not able to participate I 'll let you know .	4	Nominative
If so go for it and I 'll give you all the moral support I can as you figure out what is up .	14	Nominative
For the proof is that we still read the book .	5	Nominative
If a schema is specified while exporting from Access , then the XML documents created are considered to be valid XML documents .	8	Nominative
Yes , I suppose I wo n't know my way around when I get into town .	11	Nominative
It appeared , however , I was also one of the Workers , with a capital – you know . Something like an emissary of light , something like a lower sort of apostle .	5	Nominative
Ask her about the handsome young man from Texas , and she remembers him 32 years later like it was yesterday .	18	Nominative
I love it for discounted beauty items and household appliances .	0	Nominative
He knows his bees !	0	Nominative
I also plan on trying to retake the GMAT test .	0	Nominative
I think it ’s important we have an original take on those things .	0	Nominative
Believe it or not , but the channel guide has been most helpful to my family members that visit and do n't know where to start when it comes to watching satellite tv .	1	Nominative
He then " fixed " it for free but it still looked like crap .	5	Accusative
I do n't remember near which station it is though .	7	Nominative
Do n't be nosy or gossipy , but if they are happy with someone one day and hateful with them the next , that 's a sign of them having a lot of fair weather friends .	28	Accusative
Aside from that little * mystery * , one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong I was about how another dress that I loved compared to one of her dresses that I was trying on .	27	Nominative
You were extremely polite and professional .	0	Nominative
When I got to the job and tried to insert the new piece of metal IT WOULD NOT FIT !!	15	Nominative
We believe it addresses many of the issues and concerns you have raised in the workshops .	10	Nominative
Once you 've buttered them up a bit try to get them to the pet store and ask one of the employees to handle the snake showing your mom how gentle and harmless they can be .	4	Accusative
He paused for a moment .	0	Nominative
You can invite people to war over noses , but nobody will go to fight for noses any more .	0	Nominative
Finally , after much debate , they concluded that my murder was too dangerous .	6	Nominative
let him out for half an hour , to explore .	1	Accusative
So I question whether or not you want to publish info about fundamental standards that we can not yet report against .	1	Nominative
So hear we are , two weeks later , after that dazzling PR display two weeks ago by Powell and Annan , and the situation on the ground in Darfur appears basically unchanged .	2	Nominative
Flipped the square over and saw it riddled with green mold !!!!	6	Accusative
We all know that the market share of the railways has declined in recent years .	6	Nominative
Your father never listens to me , what can I say ?	9	Nominative
Many people at Enron already have this type of chair , but we rarely , if ever , have a surplus because they are so popular .	22	Nominative
I did n't understand so I did n't say anything .	5	Nominative
He faxed it to you and will have the original Fedexed overnight .	2	Accusative
I spent 3 months going from shop to shop trying to get my Ferrari to run and drive the way it should .	20	Nominative
While I hope I do n't have any need for a lawyer anytime soon , if I do I 'll definitely use this firm again .	1	Nominative
I do n't believe that folks who believe that America is the land of opportunity will change their views from this recent news .	0	Nominative
You have received this BBC Breaking News Alert because you subscribed to it or , someone forwarded it to you .	9	Nominative
We just got our sunroom built by Patio World and can say that I 'm extremely happy with the whole thing .	13	Nominative
This means we ca n't look at the issue you raise with these animals .	2	Nominative
Stephanie 's knowledge of the market and properties in our price range , made us feel secure in our decision to buy when we did .	23	Nominative
I am forwarding to you guidelines prepared for global products trading .	0	Nominative
they recovered the pics geeksquad deleted .	0	Nominative
Two years later when I got around to filling for his birth certificate , I find out he was never registered .	4	Nominative
In addition , when you choose to save the data as XML , you can specify that the data be transformed to a custom display format by using an existing .xsl file .	3	Nominative
In him I see a piece of history , an antiquity .	1	Accusative
That said , we are quite different from Wikipedia in several respects :	3	Nominative
He just could n't wait .	0	Nominative
They 'll give you a comprehensive list of all the universities that do the courses you want , plus all the information you need to apply .	22	Nominative
This is , after all , his business , and if he wants you to remain a customer why on earth is he doing shoddy work ?	22	Nominative
I do n't like that option though - I think it 's pretty cruel and I'd not done properly you 'll end up really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop possible injury to your snake .	10	Nominative
I will be in Houston on May 11th and would like to visit with you in early afternoon if possible .	14	Accusative
it is a cute little nice and quiet library	0	Nominative
It is a competition , and YOU will be competing with hundreds of thousands of others , from all over the world , for a place in the line up .	6	Nominative
How would you know ?	2	Nominative
The world was outside of him , around him , before him , and the speed with which it kept changing made it impossible for him to dwell on any one thing for very long .	8	Accusative
I recommend to you , even though most of you do not understand Arabic , to watch Al Jazeera , from time to time .	0	Nominative
So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)	9	Nominative
I never got a price quote over the phone and they take your cc info just to make the appointment because if you do n't show up , they 'll charge you .	10	Nominative
I love the meat !	0	Nominative
he makes so much MORE noise , as he plays and digs and jumps ( seriously )	8	Nominative
What made it perfect was that they offered transportation so that I would not have to wait there or take time off of work to go back and forth or try to find a ride .	2	Accusative
Please sit between us .	3	Accusative
You misunderstood him yesterday .	2	Accusative
Another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time , meaning users can not retrieve them and read them later ( as they can with e-mail ) .	27	Accusative
We will be targeting to raise at least $ 100,000 so company contributions will range from $ 10,000 - $ 20,000 per person ( $ 10 k minimum per person ) depending on the number of respondents .	0	Nominative
and if he did n't , then Quinn was going nowhere , was wasting his time .	2	Nominative
Or is it an expensive standard or prepayment tariff ?	2	Nominative
give them time to set up their territories , and once you bring the new kitten out , pay a lot of attention to the male .	1	Accusative
We would like to meet between November 14 and ? December 1 ? since construction of our services is already underway .?	0	Nominative
The most important thing is that you are comfortable , and that you 're not wearing baggy or loose fitting clothing so you can make sure you 're forming and moving correctly in the mirror .	26	Nominative
A mounted escort of some 30 men , all armed .	9	Nominative
The ANSI SQL query mode default for new Access databases in 2002 and 2000 file formats	8	Nominative
So , if anyone can give me some advice , I 'd sure appreciate it !	6	Accusative
The family suite was basically two rooms with a small opening between them which worked great for us because we were two families traveling together .	19	Nominative
They had asked Percy if he wanted to join them , but he had said he was busy .	5	Nominative
The American - Arab Discrimination Committee is suing Condoleeza Rice and Donald Rumsfeld , charging that they mismanaged the evacuation efforts .	16	Nominative
An indignant librarian , a middle-aged woman whose face is so hot it is almost fragrant with indignation , demands of me in a superdistinguished all but Oxonian accent , " How do you account for it ! "	19	Nominative
He estimated that there should be around 45 particles , but this number is very uncertain — I would n't be surprised if it is quite different from that .	23	Nominative
Athens was just a small provincial village when it was chosen in the 1830s to serve as the national capital of the modern Greek State .	8	Nominative
I will get a treat and try to get him in there that way , it wo nt work .	9	Accusative
And he strode away , head and shoulders taller than anyone else in the packed street .	1	Nominative
I suspect it will not change greatly ... but you never know how much stock people put in the news .	9	Nominative
Limit them to one room with easy to clean flooring .	1	Accusative
Ironically he almost burst out laughing and it was all he could do to keep his mirth down to a barely controlled smirk .	1	Nominative
I have had several close encounters with both foxes and wild deer .	0	Nominative
Please let me know what type of statement I should make back to the customer .	2	Accusative
This is now my fourth week and I have made a total of $ 42,000.00 and it 's still coming rapidly .	7	Nominative
I suppose we said many times we 'd come back when they got their independence .	2	Nominative
cool by me !	2	Accusative
You can even offer your own opinions and suggestions .	0	Nominative
i m traveling to lourdes for a day	0	Nominative
I just wanted to send you a quick note to let you know that I 'm out ta here !	0	Nominative
No doubt he was ; but he had been a couple of years already out there engaged in the noble cause , you know , and he probably felt the need at last of asserting his self-respect in some way .	26	Nominative
I really like you're answer .	0	Nominative
They do n't speak the best English but enough to get by .	0	Nominative
do you get your visitor s visa immediately at the airport ?	1	Nominative
He is a post-modern diety . "	0	Nominative
Cover containers with clear plastic kitchen wrap , so they stay moist .	9	Nominative
They could not defeat the Americans .	0	Nominative
When creating a page , you can use the contents of a connection file to set the ConnectionString property of the page , but choose not to create a link between the page and the connection file .	0	Nominative
Just last night we were saying we 'd come and get you ourselves if you had n't written back to Ron by Friday .	6	Nominative
Quinn decided he would be less vulnerable in another spot and removed himself to the waiting room .	12	Accusative
When you copy an interior vertical line , the new line is halfway between the line you copied and the line to the right of the line you copied .	0	Nominative
You 're a Mets fan in late September and you ll fight til the glorious end	0	Nominative
The sitting was suspended at 7.15 p.m and resumed at 9 p.m .	6	Nominative
I am not such a fool as I look , quoth Plato to his disciples , he said sententiously , emptied his glass with great resolution , and we rose .	28	Nominative
Even if you did melt it , I doubt you foresaw the issues of handling it and pouring it .	15	Accusative
I think I gained three pounds in my week long cruise .	0	Nominative
The Stark could not see them to stop them .	8	Accusative
If you took out the clown loach it would make a nice 150 gallon tank .	1	Nominative
I do n't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed , understand and have implemented these standards .	0	Nominative
Go onto the UCAS website , go onto course search and search for the courses you want to do .	15	Nominative
SO , IF YOU WANT A BURGER AND FRIES , WELL , IT IS OK .	12	Nominative
-- but I have a chart that I 'll go through ; the MMPI .	7	Nominative
She was , however , reading a book , a paperback with a lurid cover , and Quinn leaned over ever so slightly to his right to catch a glimpse of the title .	0	Nominative
I highlight the relevant skills in the summary .	0	Nominative
He dismissed a white shirt as too formal , however , and instead chose a gray and red check affair to go with the gray tie .	0	Nominative
They should ship him back to Cincinatti by express mail .	8	Nominative
It 's a special kind .	0	Nominative
From the moment you enter the restaurant , you know you are some place special .	3	Nominative
And the basic idea behind the Checks and Balances we have is that if one branch of the Government goes crazy , the other two can hold it down .	9	Nominative
They gave me the run around and missing paperwork only to call back to tell me someone else wanted her and I would need to come in and put down a deposit .	0	Nominative
So crossed to a Sussex you could get a walnut , pea , rose , or single combed bird .	5	Nominative
However , he also mentioned we were a close sixth , that is close to the fifth highest bid .	2	Nominative
I enjoyed your recent e-mail but was sorry to hear about your dad .	0	Nominative
I am so glad that we now have a good nail shop on San Mateo Avenue !	5	Nominative
After execution , we will forward a final copy to you for your files .	3	Nominative
The beverage is priced at US $ 8.00 , and upon an order for it , the bartender will recount for the customer the definition of the santorum neologism .	14	Accusative
He heard Dando , forced by the old Labrador into the garden , walking about outside the guest hut and talking reproachfully to the dog ;	0	Nominative
I was already a vegetarian when I read it a little more than a year ago , but it was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan .	18	Nominative
Do you have a tel # for Mike ?	1	Nominative
I fancy I see it now , but I am not sure – not at all .	8	Nominative
That is why we support the Agriculture Committee 's call for a framework regulation .	3	Nominative
Once you 've buttered them up a bit try to get them to the pet store and ask one of the employees to handle the snake showing your mom how gentle and harmless they can be .	11	Accusative
I am currently working on guidelines for Argentina which will address both physical and financial trading .	0	Nominative
Please review the attached memo to verify that I have identified all of the products that you are interested in trading in Brazil .	16	Nominative
It serves as a reminder of the work that needs to be completed for the cross-linguistic study of SI in particular and acquisition more generally .	0	Nominative
He 's pretty much an " I love American Food , good drinks on occasion , laid back . " kind of guy . ;)	0	Nominative
In light of the CA regarding curves , I am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples unlimited access to information .	8	Nominative
I was issued a new corporate American Express card .	0	Nominative
It can also be done through online agencies as mentioned before although they may be slightly more expensive ( normally £ 15 + £ 15 admin fee and additional postage ) .	0	Nominative
I 'm you , and you 're me .	7	Accusative
I believe ENE will continue to be range bound , but in case it is not , I do n't want to forgo 50 % of my option premium .	0	Nominative
Let me know if we need to discuss anything .	4	Nominative
After class we went back to bus stop and within minutes her bus arrived .	2	Nominative
They could also use regular-length hockey sticks to hit bludgers ( perhaps wiffle balls ) on the ground .	0	Nominative
Some merely refer to purely linguistic and formal aspects .	0	Nominative
Let me tell you how this works and most important , why it works ..........	1	Accusative
I 'm really surprised by the negative reviews .	0	Nominative
I wonder whether they are in the debate this evening .	3	Nominative
He really knows what he is talking about and will approach the different options fairly .	0	Nominative
This could well be the day I make the biggest deal of my career , said Uncle Vernon .	6	Nominative
IF YOU WANT A LITTLE CAJUNISH FOOD - IT IS GOOD .	8	Nominative
What disturbs is whether Americans understand the world at all , whether they are a match for the Russians the Sadats are in themselves comparatively unimportant .	23	Accusative
I did all my research and am well prepared to keep one , I 'm 14 by the way	13	Nominative
Please , let me know if you interested in introducing Peter to executives in your organization .	6	Nominative
he says : Why you tell me you r in WARWICK TOWNSHIP ?	7	Nominative
We do n't want a knot in your tongue after speaking to your friends .	0	Nominative
Spa We tried the spa on the Liberty and loved it .	1	Nominative
I even emailed Mackinaw Tourist and nothing .	0	Nominative
Not what i expected !	2	Nominative
We have been successful in communicating that information to the new commissioners and Ercot and seeking resolution .	0	Nominative
I am unaware of the reasons behind this situation you describe though I can make an educated guess at them .	0	Nominative
In Thessaly he defeated his enemies and by 352 , he was firmly in control of this region .	10	Nominative
Please help me !	2	Accusative
I am hiring them to come once a week now that they got my house to where they can maintain it for only an hour and a half every two weeks !	17	Nominative
Yes , he said to himself , it was possible .	5	Accusative
I shall not go into details on the High Representative , as his or her function has already been extensively debated .	14	Accusative
All he could tell was that he was standing in the stone fireplace of what looked like a large , dimly lit wizard 's shop – but nothing in here was ever likely to be on a Hogwarts school list .	1	Nominative
So you can pretty much get whatever deal you want anytime .	1	Nominative
I m glad his butt was facing me so he could n't see my red face I think my Mare was even laughing ..	7	Accusative
I wish I could make it .	5	Accusative
" If Iodine deficiency is serious you lose 15 IQ points , on average .	6	Nominative
70 m - Estimated number of Americans who describe themselves as Evangelicals who accept Jesus Christ as their personal saviour and who interpret the Bible as the direct word of God .	9	Accusative
It can be seen as an allegory of Christ ’s death and resurrection , though this idea produces some puzzles .	0	Nominative
brought dog home and it s all choppy now !	4	Nominative
See them as they are , not for what they claim to be .	9	Nominative
Here it is -- we printed this 2 - sided and laminated it .	1	Nominative
Could this be what you r referencing ?	4	Nominative
It 's a cute place with a really friendly , laid - back atmosphere .	0	Nominative
If you can check with the other airlines during this period , you may get excellent discount airfare , which may even surprise you .	12	Nominative
I am thinking about getting a rabbit as a pet , but my parents said that it has to stay outside .	0	Nominative
The food is superb and they were delivered nice and hot !	5	Nominative
The Finns ? The Russians ? Anybody ?	4	Nominative
But now that they are part of a chain , service has slipped .	3	Nominative
I look forward to seeing you all there .	0	Nominative
The children can be checked in and checked out in a safe way at many activities so you can have a bit of free time without the little ones .	17	Nominative
She told me that was to bad she would do nothing to help me since she could not use or resell the piece .	0	Nominative
White men with long staves in their hands appeared languidly from amongst the buildings , strolling up to take a look at me , and then retired out of sight somewhere .	22	Accusative
I 'm very proud of what we 've done .	0	Nominative
It 's the best meal for the money you will find in all of metro Atlanta .	8	Nominative
Just so you could carry on tinkering with all that Muggle rubbish in your shed !	14	Nominative
However , now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $ 6,000 + despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do , I feel I have to voice my opinion .	30	Nominative
He wondered if the young Auster had been any better at it than he was .	13	Nominative
Can we visit about what went on with Ursula at the PRC meeting when you catch up ?	14	Nominative
We outsiders are not stable enough to appreciate them .	0	Nominative
After searching high and low for a salesman , I was treated like dirt , and we left .	9	Nominative
However , when a government document has been found on the streets , the government then says it was n't particularly sensitive .	17	Nominative
Protect the buses and they will explode in movie theaters , concert halls , supermarkets , shopping malls , schools and hospitals .	4	Nominative
We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected , but let me know what we can do .	9	Nominative
I could n't help asking him once what he meant by coming there at all .	5	Accusative
Who knows how much they want me to pay to fix this thing .	4	Nominative
We just did n't play as well as we thought we would .	10	Nominative
She talked about ' weaning those ignorant millions from their horrid ways ' , till , upon my word , she made me quite uncomfortable .	20	Nominative
We are so disappointed because we have dropped six points playing at home .	5	Nominative
certainly they have n't much to offer when they look for jobs with the BBC .	7	Nominative
Plus they will overcharge you for just about everything , and smile while doing it .	4	Accusative
They were chirping and doing their every day business .	0	Nominative
He was great by this little thing that it was impossible to tell what could control such a man .	0	Nominative
If you have any comments , please let me know .	8	Accusative
Money ca n't buy you happiness ... but it does bring you a more pleasant form of misery .	4	Accusative
We have evidence , Mr President , but we apparently do not have proof .	8	Nominative
Can you recite a stanza that expresses how you feel right now ?	1	Nominative
What you have read in the internet is fairly accurate but of course it does not fit all scenarios .	1	Nominative
I ca nt find any information about it	0	Nominative
I found Bright Star Tours and Travels and Best and Affordable Tour Operators and Tours Agents in Chennai , India offered me Student Tour India Package for very less price .	0	Nominative
We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected , but let me know what we can do .	26	Accusative
I had a routine surgery for an ingrown toenail .	0	Nominative
You should fit them to where the drawstring is tied slightly loose .	0	Nominative
When you select one or more items in the filter field , the data that 's displayed and calculated in the entire PivotTable view changes to reflect those items .	24	Nominative
Never miss an appointment because they will charge you the price of a treatment , even if you had an emergency .	5	Nominative
This year we were n't sure .	2	Nominative
If you want to eat cheaply without worrying about all those daily deal emails every day , ZebraKlub should be perfect for you .	22	Accusative
Maybe next time they will have it .	3	Nominative
long lines on the weekends but worth it	7	Nominative
I will be completing my tour of duty in Bolivia in September of this year .	0	Nominative
They DO NOT have a return policy and even if their product SUCKS , they will NOT take it back !	0	Nominative
the Archbishop excuses himself in two languages and tells us when he comes back that he has been speaking to one of his Lebanese friends calling from Cyprus or from Greece .	3	Accusative
I want to go all over :) I do n't have a set route yet .	7	Nominative
I purchased a nissan from this dealship .	0	Nominative
I also have a powerhead , getting another soon .	0	Nominative
The first was to tell himself that he was no longer Daniel Quinn .	5	Accusative
How can i make my Jack Dempsey reproduce ?	2	Nominative
- it dries out , losing the water that is soaked into the set structure	1	Nominative
We support the introduction of a European quality mark , which takes account of animal welfare and the environment .	0	Nominative
The mere wealth I leave to others .	6	Nominative
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive . Valeska Paris	16	Nominative
They are kind of in rank order but as I stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it .	22	Accusative
Would a more appropriate time be after the Global Operations Controller meeting in October when we should have worldwide buy - in and commitment to these standards and ( hopefully ) our first draft of a meaningful exception report ?	15	Nominative
You just need basic information , and answer a few questions like what hospital was the child born at / who was the doctor ....	0	Nominative
Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else .	1	Accusative
But why would Sancho and the others go to all that trouble ?	6	Nominative
I work with him and since past 6 years he is hosting his websites to Liquidweb .	0	Nominative
So anyone looking for an Excellent night out for Chinese or maybe just lunch should stop in and try it because I promise you 2 things --- You wo n't regret it !!	21	Nominative
He wo nt do anything on command .	0	Nominative
My family and I thank you !!!!!!!!!!	3	Nominative
However , through this glorious affair I got my appointment , before I had fairly begun to hope for it .	12	Nominative
If the Dursleys wake up , I 'm dead , said Harry as he tied the rope tightly around a bar and Fred revved up the car .	3	Nominative
What are they fighting for ?	2	Nominative
It is served in a cocktail glass and topped with Godiva chocolate flakes .	0	Nominative
I do n't know where this stands officially ( I have n't heard any developments since Amsterdam ) but I can find out from Bob Pickle if you want .	0	Nominative
As long as that was done you can send for it at any time .	6	Nominative
and she was always really shy to show that off to people , and I wanted to help her show that stuff , and I wanted to bring it out to the world .	24	Nominative
He began to speak as soon as he saw me .	0	Nominative
I knew it when I said yes to Mweta .	3	Nominative
I will also be having my other vet up who 's a chiro & acupuncturist to evaluate him for wobblers .	17	Accusative
As they stared at each other , Harry heard Dudley 's voice from the hall .	1	Nominative
if you do n’t lay a good foundation here , then the punchline wo n’t make sense to the audience or they wo n’t find it humorous .	1	Nominative
You should book or ensure accommodation before you board a flight for the Chathams , as during the popular months of the tourism season , between October and April , accommodation can be severely limited .	7	Nominative
I like to imagine the thought processes going on in W 's head if he were to actually read the letter , but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter .	23	Nominative
I was n't going to use them again , but I was going to leave it at that .	10	Nominative
Late in his life he published Analytic Syntax ( 1937 ) , in which he presents his views on syntactic structure using an idiosyncratic shorthand notation .	14	Nominative
As you approach the Earth at , or close to , terminal velocity , you may wish to contemplate your past existence , and the possibility of a future afterlife .	1	Nominative
The hour had long since passed for his call to Virginia Stillman , and he debated whether to go through with it .	14	Nominative
The cupcakes will not be as light and fluffy , however , so be prepared for a heavier cupcake if you add fruit but the added moisture content is a definite plus .	20	Nominative
We have attended A Ward Dance Centre for over a year and really enjoy the friendly and welcoming way we are taught Ballroom and Latin as well as the fun filled social dance evening held every Saturday evening ....	0	Nominative
Do n't get me wrong I want to go , but for 2 days -_- I mean seriously .	3	Accusative
He struck a match , and I perceived that this young aristocrat had not only a silver-mounted dressing-case but also a whole candle all to himself .	6	Nominative
OMG .. make sure to book a reservation , as this magical place is packed ( in a nice way ) I love that the owner walks around and cares how his customers feel about their food .	21	Nominative
Be warned - they 'll ltake you for everything they can .	9	Nominative
after finding the car i wanted they took the time to go over each step and making it as painless as possible .	17	Accusative
You should ABSOLUTELY call your veterinarian back immediately to clarify anything you have questions about .	0	Nominative
Take her to the vet .	1	Accusative
deleting a question where you do nt like the answer wo n't get you better answers ... i refer to my previous answer :	17	Nominative
Ron , Fred and George seized Harry 's arms and pulled as hard as they could .	14	Nominative
YOU HAVE A LOT ON YOU PLATE , DAD .	0	Nominative
I 'm not worried at that level .	0	Nominative
Look at a map and you try to figure out how , in fall of 1999 , you could possibly pull off such an operation without Pakistani facilities .	17	Nominative
Thank you both very much for your time and help thus far .	1	Accusative
Their head of nature policy , Jeff Knott , stated : “ I ’d be amazed if either a ban or licensing was introduced off the back of it ” .	12	Nominative
Remember that what you do to yourself affects me and everybody else , remember that what you do to me and anyone else shapes your destiny .	3	Nominative
The scene that month showed a street in some New England fishing village , perhaps Nantucket .	12	Nominative
I had been very long on the road .	0	Nominative
Due to the Judge in the 1983 case ruling that a CIA agent could not testify using a pseudonym , therefore opening him to cross-examination by Wilson , the prosecution had a problem .	22	Accusative
With a smirk on her face she told me NO MONEY IS BEING RETURNED and THAT IS THE WAY IT WAS .	19	Nominative
In the time it takes me to explain she grasps and loses the words , grasps and loses phrases as they go past .	8	Nominative
In addition , we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer .	3	Nominative
( He already had the traumas that his previous girlfriend Jane Asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate manners ) .	16	Nominative
It was dark under the bleachers .	0	Nominative
Erin Rice and I would like to meet with you to discuss the issues concerning BackWeb before we proceed .	9	Accusative
Instead of using vegan sugar , you can replace it with equal parts maple sugar or rice syrup	9	Accusative
Overall , it is not a good solution , but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it .	35	Accusative
The night I drove back home , I found that the rear window has some leakage .	7	Nominative
Let me know if you have any questions .	1	Accusative
and when I say go home it means to go in the cage .	2	Nominative
It was posted on Dec. 11 , but the Human Resource dept said that if it is still on the internet , it is open .	22	Nominative
Did you have a chance to take a look at the resume I sent you ?	14	Accusative
Right now , yeah , he 's helping us right now .	8	Accusative
I chalked it up to possible nerve damage , because this is what the vet thought and the other cheek muscle was fine and he had no theeth problems .	2	Accusative
Whatever you order , you will LOVE !	4	Nominative
Filtering a field is particularly helpful when you have a large amount of source data but you want to focus on specific areas .	6	Nominative
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	33	Nominative
Overall , it is not a good solution , but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it .	20	Nominative
Yea -- it was outstanding news !	2	Nominative
Instead of using vegetable oil , try substituting it for walnut or macadamia nut oils if they are available to you .	8	Accusative
It 's an amazing experience !	0	Nominative
I heard that they orchestrated the largest people evacuation to a natural disaster in Indian history .	3	Nominative
Please let me know you preference .	2	Accusative
It ’s very much like you are trying to make the room laugh , but the room has been a sort of captive audience for many many years now , so it takes a lot to make the room laugh .	31	Nominative
Thursday works for me .	3	Accusative
for the past few days she has been shivering and wo nt eat but she could walk now her hid legs are not working but she is back to her self .. what should i do .?	25	Nominative
On the phone , you could hear his accent .	4	Nominative
When I was a little girl , he did that often , and called me Muscles .	7	Nominative
I found her triumphant .	0	Nominative
I did not go near my father but kept my hand in my pocket , feeling the soft leather glove .	0	Nominative
11 . In Events of Default , clause ( a ) refers to a dispute section which I 'm not sure exists .	17	Nominative
He tried to block the contents from view as he hastily shoved handfuls of coins into a leather bag .	9	Nominative
This way they will see that your hand is good and it s not going to grab them or hurt them .	2	Nominative
This way , he can not reach the leash to chew it .	3	Nominative
I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .	17	Nominative
If the button is not selected , selecting new items to filter automatically turns filtering on and removes your former filter settings .	11	Nominative
There was n't even a shed there , and she was shelling the bush .	5	Nominative
We must now believe that the same romantic conviction has been alive somewhere in the offices of J Walter Thompson .	0	Nominative
Do you think we need to do more ?	1	Nominative
When he started out his poems were about beating drums , and blow , bugle , blow .	1	Nominative
She stayed while I lit the fire .	3	Nominative
This is one of the worst places I have stayed , we cut out stay short and went to the Mulberry .	7	Nominative
Not necessarily the restaurant but what you order when you get there and what time you go .	15	Nominative
He supposed he had n't spoken clearly enough through his mouthful of ashes back in the Weasleys fire .	0	Nominative
But what their contented little minds will never know is that I knew it when I took the job , I knew it all along , and I 'll say it now as loud as I 'd say it then ...	14	Nominative
He could detect the effects of the election around him , in the bursts of conflict and the curious intersection of new ideas with old ones .	9	Accusative
cats react to the treatment they receive , they are not toys .	8	Nominative
He felt as though Auster were taunting him with the things he had lost , and he responded with envy and rage , a lacerating self-pity .	7	Accusative
3 ) If he shows no interest in water , then take him back to your vet .	12	Accusative
They could n't use real Quidditch balls , which would have been hard to explain if they had escaped and flown away over the village ; instead they threw apples for each other to catch .	0	Nominative
They may not be familiar , but they will be fascinating .	0	Nominative
The French Digital Council , which advises on bills in line with questions of digital technology , could also scrutinise it .	20	Accusative
Then , from the darkness , he began to hear a voice , a chanting , idiotic voice that sang the same sentence over and over again : You ca n't make an omelette without breaking eggs .	6	Nominative
Mr. Kurtz was ...	0	Nominative
( Also she has a really great website !	2	Nominative
You will run into significant difficulties if you do not have enough cash to pay this tax when leaving the country .	7	Nominative
Since you asked for input , I hope that you do n't mind that I gave you some .	6	Nominative
He gave me a searching glance , and made another note .	4	Nominative
You really got me thinking , I enjoy reading this blog .	0	Nominative
Grimy work you guys do .	2	Nominative
I packed six loaves of flatbread , some olives , a hard cheese , one nice dress , walking clothes , my pills and glasses , a jug of wine , a can-teen of water , and a kitchen knife .	0	Nominative
They want a program that will be a success , " Johnson - Freese said .	0	Nominative
“ You want it ? ” she says .	1	Nominative
I just get hung up on ' Christians ' , as they 're the dominant form where I come from .	17	Nominative
I could have shared with you some fascinating facts and some personal thoughts about the Israeli - Arab conflict .	5	Accusative
It looks as if NASA is transitioning away from the shuttle model , as in the past they have proven to be quite dangerous as Columbia has recently proved .	17	Nominative
Ordinarily , George would come in around noon ; he would ordinarily leave around 5:30 or 6:00 in the evening .	9	Nominative
I was wondering if you could give me some references regarding the calculation of correlation coefficients from a GARCH model .	7	Accusative
I left in a French steamer , and she called in every blamed port they have out there , for , as far as I could see , the sole purpose of landing soldiers and custom-house officers .	14	Nominative
Personally , I do n't find a travel agent to be of value to me as I am willing to put in the time doing research on the internet .	16	Nominative
All you can do is take each section ( individual video ) and edit them together on software .	14	Accusative
She ’s beyond the rail now , hanging out over the mountain - high drop .	0	Nominative
They were both Mets fans , and the hopelessness of that passion had created a bond between them .	0	Nominative
Alright , so my dad had been wanting me to check my e mail for a few days but I never got around to it .	19	Nominative
I came back with the receipt Ahmed had provided upon my purchase , and the guy took forever to copy it but said that he would take care of the situation .	20	Accusative
Phailin 's winds will rapidly weaken as it pushes inland .	7	Nominative
I watched the coast .	0	Nominative
I have known him for only a few years but he has become a dear friend .	0	Nominative
We have a great squad and it is an opportunity for us to take the ship forward .	11	Accusative
Let me know your thoughts .... then I will run it by Oxley .	10	Accusative
If you do not they will start to rot !	1	Nominative
I just moved nearby and have tried several of the local places , this was the first one and I should have just stuck with it .	19	Nominative
The guide is problematic , firstly because it has been developed " in the context of a state of emergency " .	7	Nominative
When the ship passed Stromboli at night , there was a streak of crimson lava flowing from the volcano and the sailors would n't leave the television set to look at this natural phenomenon .	15	Nominative
Take up as much space as you can to dance until everyone is staring at you . [ 3 ]	6	Nominative
I 'll be having my equine chiro / acupuncturist out to do some work as well if I do get him ....	0	Nominative
He has also had to pay the £ 15 each up front so woul d be grateful if you could get the cash to him as soon as poss ible .	18	Nominative
They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they " do as they wilt . "	0	Nominative
I just hope that I will be invited to the opening ceremony because we worked damned hard to get it .	0	Nominative
As it moves over land , it is cut off from the source of energy driving the storm [ which is ] the evaporation of water from the warm sea surface ;	1	Nominative
TRY THIS PLACE - YOU 'LL LOVE IT .	7	Accusative
me and my dad where in NJ for a kc chiefs ( my home team ) vs the NY jets and for game 4 of the world series .	0	Accusative
We have started a new forum for an interactive and absorbing discussion on Astrology & Palmistry and everything in between including Gemology , Feng Shui / Vaastu Shastra .	0	Nominative
Other than yourself , which candidates have you supported for president in previous campaigns ?	7	Nominative
I mean there ’s certainly signs of it , and in the United States too , in fact we had a sit down strike in the United States not long ago , which is a very militant labor action .	18	Nominative
How insidious he could be , too , I was only to find out several months later and a thousand miles farther .	2	Nominative
Stop gibbering , said Ron , we 've come to take you home with us .	14	Accusative
I do n't know where this stands officially ( I have n't heard any developments since Amsterdam ) but I can find out from Bob Pickle if you want .	19	Nominative
Again and again he wonders how accurately his chronicler will record his adventures .	3	Nominative
Examining this , I could tell that it had been taken from those ancient monuments I ’d seen and put here for some special reason .	15	Nominative
I have used Just Like Family several times now and they have provided great care for my two dogs .	10	Nominative
You who watch as budgets are cut in education and health care while you militarize a police force ?	0	Nominative
Dogs , cats , rabbits , wolves , moose , horses , you name it , we have it .	14	Accusative
She has not only helped me through some challenging computer - work and sports related injuries , she was wonderful to work with throughout my pregnancy and beyond .	5	Accusative
This is to advise you that we have available , for your business or personal use , Stan 's four ( 4 ) WNBA Comets tickets .	4	Accusative
Should i bring her ?	1	Nominative
I enjoyed your presentation , and meeting you briefly afterwards , at the SIAM Workshop last Friday .	0	Nominative
They have the best rates and GREAT customer service .	0	Nominative
they look like they were doberman pinchers who were shrunk .	3	Nominative
I 'm looking to visit India with some mates at the beginning of February next year and I am wandering what standard of accommodation we could get for Rs 500 per person per night .	17	Nominative
If the Dursleys wake up , I 'm dead , said Harry as he tied the rope tightly around a bar and Fred revved up the car .	13	Nominative
I thought of bacon and eggs , toast with peach jam out of the jar .	0	Nominative
I called reception to ask if they knew the state the room was in and was told " This is a Days Inn , not the Hilton " and the receptionist then hung up on me .	0	Nominative
It was a very trying time for my family and myself yet Mike took the time to greet each and every one one of us .	10	Accusative
But I succeed in suppressing this a triumph over myself .	1	Nominative
Superior work - always comes through when we need him .	7	Nominative
I went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000 etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info it s greatly appreciated .	0	Nominative
For example , you can filter for the three cities that generated the most sales or the five products that are least profitable .	5	Nominative
It was surrounded by trees that blocked it from view of the village below , meaning that they could practise Quidditch there , as long as they did n't fly too high .	12	Nominative
And , together we formed this thing , it 's sort of like an entertainment team .	3	Nominative
Olivia played records with the living-room windows wide open so that the music came out to them .	16	Accusative
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	0	Nominative
I 've been a regular customer at this store since it opened , and love the fact that all of the employees are friendly locals .	0	Nominative
Can someone cunclude how long it might take me to save up for the canan t3i or some extra tips to save / gain money ? :O	8	Accusative
She fell in love with him right away , not knowing that , at 31 , he had a reputation as a womanizer .	0	Nominative
One time we even left after sitting at the table for 20 minutes and not being greeted with a drink order .	2	Nominative
Went there yesterday : we are trying to decide between two different Honda models , so we wanted to test - drive both back to back .	16	Nominative
Whenever you are presented with something that you do n’t want to do or would consider putting off , ask yourself , “ will this take me less than two minutes to finish ? ”	26	Accusative
" I am , therefore I think " :)	5	Nominative
It is Enpower No. 295870 .	0	Nominative
No doubt he was ; but he had been a couple of years already out there engaged in the noble cause , you know , and he probably felt the need at last of asserting his self-respect in some way .	2	Nominative
Everything except the display worked fine before I took it in .	9	Nominative
Hope you and your family survived ok .	1	Nominative
Dr. Chao you are the best dentist I have ever had .	7	Nominative
He took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of his shoes ??	5	Nominative
There is a wonderful quote attributed to Einstein — " If we knew what we were doing , it would n't be called " research " , would it ? "	28	Nominative
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they had n’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .	18	Nominative
Imagine the tension melting away as you continue breathing rhythmically and naturally .	6	Nominative
I looked at motocross and the more I looked , this one woman ’s face kept coming up , in photographs that looked as if they were from the 1970s .	0	Nominative
If they did , Premium Bonds would be indistinguishable from ordinary savings accounts .	1	Nominative
Eventually , she got the break she was so eager for :	6	Nominative
I was recently traveling down I - 24 from Nashville with my 3 young children and had a blowout on the southeast side of Murfreesboro .	0	Nominative
It 's more compact , ISO 6400 capability ( SX40 only 3200 ) , faster lens at f/2 and the SX40 only f / 2.7 .	0	Nominative
You can vote at the following link , it will only take a few seconds .	8	Nominative
I shall not go into details on the High Representative , as his or her function has already been extensively debated .	0	Nominative
He had never mentioned his Gringotts bank account to the Dursleys ; he did n't think their horror of anything connected with magic would stretch to a large pile of gold .	12	Nominative
The company gets busy but you never have to wait long because they ARE orginizied , so you are in , out , and paid well for your scrap	12	Nominative
I do n't know about this ... but the pale Cockney who was teaching him to take over his job said , That 's okay , chum , it 's our ole friend Mr. Kabata .	33	Nominative
I have seen horses Loose Nails On there Own And do just fine with ONE nail gone Now if he had left out 2 or 3 I would be wondering to ...	19	Nominative
If the baby is feathered yet - which I 'm sure he is mostly - he should be fine .	11	Nominative
" The future is only peace . The problem is how long will it take and how many victims will it call for . "	13	Nominative
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	3	Nominative
Of course , he showed ethical lapses in judgment .	3	Nominative
Once you 've buttered them up a bit try to get them to the pet store and ask one of the employees to handle the snake showing your mom how gentle and harmless they can be .	33	Nominative
To get her to talk , although I was tired of lingua and I did n't really want to think about anything .	2	Accusative
Treat yourself and go -- you will go back !	5	Nominative
The interim Governing Council issued a communique saying , " It is a proof of the emptiness of the Israeli authority and a destruction of the peace endeavors in the region . . .	10	Nominative
you love it when i come over .	4	Nominative
Stored in an underground vault at Gringotts in London was a small fortune that his parents had left him .	18	Accusative
I have hundreds of VHS movies lying around ... what should I do with them ?	11	Nominative
We look forward to seeing you soon .	5	Accusative
" It 's a very , very desperate situation , " Louisiana Governor Kathleen Blanco said .	1	Nominative
I 'm so glad you dance , she said ; he was ashamed that he had asked her only out of politeness .	10	Nominative
No Moslem preacher has ever blown himself up .	6	Accusative
These work only on a single line of sight , so you need to know the exact path the mice are taking .	11	Nominative
I came in for alterations ( free , by the way ) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse .	18	Nominative
if you had any pics of your hens i would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks ?	1	Nominative
I would be a lot more concerned if the shoe fell off because it was missing one lousy nail .	13	Nominative
If you want a specific product , try doing a online search to see where it is available locally .	1	Nominative
Drink from me if you can ; wash , if you like ; trouble my waters if you dare .	2	Accusative
The Dursleys liked everything neat and ordered ; the Weasleys house burst with the strange and unexpected .	10	Nominative
Musharraf told Clinton he could n't use Pakistani soil or air space to send the team in against Bin Laden .	3	Nominative
The first night I dreamed of seeing a stray dog and not stopping to pick it up although it was wandering in an empty parking lot near a busy road .	15	Accusative
The craziest part is that they are n't even based locally at the city I 'm in - they just have ' teams ' in areas through the country .	18	Nominative
As I recall , Montavano , Shapiro and I usually make up one team , but I 'm willing to switch around a bit .	8	Nominative
We use a Creative Commons license to give our community the right to fork ( http://www.wikihow.com/wikiHow:Right-to-Fork ) .	0	Nominative
Luckily I live very close , so I can abuse it during week - ends ...	7	Nominative
They felt it was overdone , mean-spirited and not funny .	0	Nominative
3 ) also want an island where I can do fun activities , rainforest is a must	7	Nominative
He was less than half of the price of the cheapest quote we got , and his work was top notch .	12	Nominative
" Ian is old friends with your teacher , from back when they were both with the survey .	12	Nominative
Mrs Weasley felt right into the corners before sweeping the whole lot into her bag .	13	Accusative
service could be a little better but it s an all round good place	7	Nominative
They are kind of in rank order but as I stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it .	17	Nominative
Called to check if they had a product I 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .	31	Accusative
I had a white companion too , not a bad chap , but rather too fleshy and with the exasperating habit of fainting on the hot hillsides , miles away from the least bit of shade and water .	0	Nominative
Most people have n't gone to work the last few days , although it seems that the rest of Baghdad is ' normal ' ( if you can define what normal is ) .	13	Nominative
It 's a good thing too .	0	Nominative
It is the same virtuous circle that Wikipedia has enjoyed .	0	Nominative
We met back in high school .	0	Nominative
It just gives you a little leverage and curb pressure .	3	Accusative
You have received this BBC Breaking News Alert because you subscribed to it or , someone forwarded it to you .	0	Nominative
No one 's going to hire you if you ca n't even spell , especially if you 're a high school graduate .	6	Accusative
This way , Colonel , sir .	5	Nominative
Some of the most intriguing questions are chemical ; do they produce some kind of antifreeze , and is that orange glow in the ROV lights their own ?	10	Nominative
For imagining himself as Auster had become synonymous in his mind with doing good in the world .	2	Accusative
we purchased a new home but was unable to sell our old house so we contacted this property management company and they have helped us quickly rent out our house and keep it maintained .	0	Nominative
Things had happened too quickly , and he had taken it for granted that he could fill in for Paul Auster .	14	Nominative
Your answer does n't do anything but remind me that I 'm going to be $ 25,000 in debt by the time I 'm 22 .	10	Nominative
She ’s on the Holbeinsteg bridge .	0	Nominative
Derrick did a terrible job , was a complete jerk the entire time , and I had no warning as to the price .	15	Nominative
We shall not only condemn them .	0	Nominative
I was ashamed to be in friendship with girls ... until I undrstood that it 's not seakness as well as women wearing men 's pants is n't seak :)	0	Nominative
Therefore , you must learn to shoot manually .	2	Nominative
" Of course I will . "	3	Nominative
How they murdered him I do not know , save that it was Murillo 's hand who struck him down , for Lopez had remained to guard me .	18	Accusative
I mean the theory was , whether you believe it or not , that it would be a defensive alliance against potential Soviet aggression , that ’s the basic doctrine .	9	Accusative
# 1 it s immaculately clean .	2	Nominative
I could n't possibly accept it .	0	Nominative
Rebecca Edwards had just told Neil Bayley that Felix Pasilis , the Pettigrews ' Greek friend , was furious with her because she 'd forgotten some essential herb that he wanted for his sheep ...	22	Nominative
Attached are the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you .	18	Accusative
How can I say such an abomination , ask you ?	2	Nominative
Someone else I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty .	6	Nominative
I took him to the Animal Hospital and they ran blood work and everything came back normal .	2	Accusative
By the end of 2005 , you 'll feel more confident , more determined , and far more capable of making the mountains come to you !	6	Nominative
By comparing my observations to what my colleagues and predecessors had found , I figured out what group it belongs to , and was able to determine that within that group , it was a new species .	18	Nominative
They hit the branches , they thresh the leaves with their sticks , and the fruit rains down .	5	Nominative
When i put him off of my bed , he jumps back on and same thing .	9	Nominative
Pettigrew was hailed by someone , and Bray and the woman were left facing each other like the dancers ;	15	Nominative
We look forward to answering your questions and receiving your feedback .	0	Nominative
It 's so much fun over there , and I 'm positive that you 'll love it ! :)	16	Accusative
And it 's not all about how much you earn , cost of living is much higher in many cities in Australia .	1	Nominative
In Calcutta there is a Foreigner 's reservation office where they speak English very well .	10	Nominative
That basically means do n't swallow it , do n't put it in your eyes , do n't bathe in it , and do n't really expose yourself to it directly at all .	11	Accusative
You 'll experience a new sense of purpose and make plenty of new friends .	0	Nominative
I am sending you a version with comments .	3	Accusative
10 minutes of paperwork and I was the owner of a beautiful pre-owned 09 XF .	5	Nominative
If you 've successfully used any of these supplement to aid weight loss , please write me at gottlie...@yahoo.com and let me know , telling me about your experience .	16	Accusative
Our system reflects SJ Bondad GDP but SWG is going to pay us based on SJ Non-Bondad GDP .	12	Accusative
If space is minimal , or you are keeping him in there to be kept away from other pets , then I can understand why you would choose to keep him there .	30	Accusative
territory is very important to cats , and they are very nervous when they go into a new place - a new house could be full of predators , or unknown menaces - well at least he thinks so .	8	Nominative
I have sat here patiently and I find it quite extraordinary that you are not calling me .	0	Nominative
I 'm currently 12 and I get about 20 dollars a week for lunch , sometimes a bit more , I plan to save 10 dollars every week :)	0	Nominative
Please let them know that I was simply quoting the CEO of a large , regulated utility in California .	2	Accusative
If we choose to do something on J-Lo , it ’s going to be something like that , something less obvious .	1	Nominative
All the food tasted excellent , and with the new renovation of chairs and the bathroom , it is awesome .	17	Nominative
Ok so if youre snake will take pre-killed , you can " gas it " .	13	Accusative
Know this well because I remember an ' irish ' pub in the town in canada i grew up in used to advertise the cheapest pints of guinness in town , but they served them in american sized pints .	4	Nominative
Broad sections of the population having access to these new forms of knowledge and learning is something we should very much welcome .	17	Nominative
On their return , they entertained the idea of living in South America , far away from the problems of postwar Belgium .	4	Nominative
They laughed .	0	Nominative
Neither one of us had ever been - so we thought we 'd try it .	11	Nominative
At one time , almost all Europe 's major hits came into being with the help of a producer who believed in them .	22	Accusative
Where can I go on a first date ( adults ) ?	2	Nominative
She was way easy to work with and made my wedding day so easy and she got some amazing pictures , not only of me , but of my family and friends .	0	Nominative
They offer a large variety of quality hotdogs and hamburgers They also offer veggie dogs .	10	Nominative
what do you think ?	2	Nominative
They convince lots of people that they are a great store , when in fact they are a very average place at best , they are just another big box store like the others .	6	Nominative
I could spend a year in Spain alone .	0	Nominative
Two or three times I consider whether to mention to him a letter I sent Le Monde during the 1973 war about the position being taken by France .	10	Accusative
There was a group in loud discussion round the empty fireplace where the beer bottles were stacked ...	5	Nominative
Let her explore when we moved my cat had to explore the entire house before she felt comfortable .	15	Nominative
And I 'll be instructing the State Prosecutor to act when I 'd rather not , too .	11	Nominative
She had a soft , dry voice and her accent was slighter than her husband 's .	8	Accusative
Why not look it up !	3	Accusative
Some rich builder and his wife were coming to dinner and Uncle Vernon was hoping to get a huge order from him ( Uncle Vernon 's company made drills ) .	21	Accusative
She has not only helped me through some challenging computer - work and sports related injuries , she was wonderful to work with throughout my pregnancy and beyond .	17	Nominative
This is the most humble gym you will every step into .... if you dare to work on your body do n't be surprised when you see how addicting going to FITNESS UNLIMITED can be !!	13	Nominative
Let me know if you have any questions .	4	Nominative
I would like to thank you for personally taking the time to closely review my application .	5	Nominative
That is another reason why I like competitive trail riding also .	5	Nominative
We should include ISDA energy definitions , CFTC matters re energy and an overview of power deregulation developments in North America .	0	Nominative
I have been to Kim at Cheveux for more than five years .	0	Nominative
They compensate for this by creating the impression that they have a lot of friends - they have a ' quantity , not quality ' mentality .	0	Nominative
I look forward to hearing from you .	0	Nominative
I looked at my father but he did n’t turn his head .	0	Nominative
Please return this e-mail to me with your response by 12:00 p.m. , Friday , May 4th	5	Accusative
His explosive temper probably provoked the disastrous siege of Fallujah last spring , killing 600 Iraqis , most of them women and children , in revenge for the deaths of 4 civilian mercenaries , one of them a South African .	36	Accusative
It 's " tall " being it 's bigger than a pony , but it 's on the small end for a horse .	0	Nominative
it s jack s aquarium and pets I believe . ?	0	Nominative
Objects or donations should be placed in front of a monk so he can pick it up , or place it on a special cloth he carries with him .	15	Accusative
I have been going to Warner Family for a number of years and would highly recommend it to anyone .	16	Nominative
She stayed while I lit the fire .	0	Nominative
Do you always seem to cross paths with people who are stuck on themselves , intolerant of people different from them , rude or downright arrogant ?	20	Accusative
They may also give themselves undue credit for positive achievements instead of acknowledging the input of others or of circumstances .	0	Nominative
I hope you have found this information helpful .	0	Nominative
Bray was half-embarrassed to find that he even caught his eye , once , and there was a quick smile ; but Mweta was used to having eyes on him , by now .	6	Nominative
The road to the village would be blocked , the dog ran over the soft fields breathing like a dragon ...	4	Nominative
If you take a flash light and shine it through the eggs and you see nothing throw them away !	1	Nominative
An hour later , as he climbed from the number 4 bus at 70th Street and Fifth Avenue , he still had not answered the question .	5	Nominative
I have stayed in this hotel many times , and while it typically offers a decent bang for the buck , its client base largely consists of troubled youngsteers and evictees from the local , not so pleasant hood .	0	Nominative
I <3 Max 's	0	Nominative
I do n’t like the doctor , but I do n’t know why .	8	Nominative
giving the new kitten her own small territory will help her to feel safe and will give her a place to go to when scared .	10	Accusative
He does , however , hold an engineer 's ticket and can do complicated emergency repairs in mid-ocean .	0	Nominative
Otherwise , we can see who we can scare up at the office , or you can have Laura sign and I 'll initial later .	2	Nominative
I am very pleased with the tattoos that I revived from them .	8	Nominative
Australian woman claims Church of Scientology imprisoned her for twelve years	7	Accusative
That said , the maintenance of this forum is handled by Google and thus will remain reliable and it will ultimately give us more time to play :) .	22	Accusative
She is so talented , the flowers were arranged superbly and delicately , it is so obvious to see the difference between someone fully trained and skilled compared to others .	0	Nominative
Well there ’s no defense against Soviet aggression , so whether you believe that doctrine or not that ’s gone .	11	Nominative
We ca n't avoid being politicized ( to use a word as murky as the condition it describes ) because it is necessary after all to know what is going on .	24	Nominative
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year .	19	Nominative
You can make other noises if you prefer , such as a bird cawing or an explosion sound every time a button is pushed .	6	Nominative
I would recommend them for any custom lighting or Lighting Repair and Restoration Chicago	0	Nominative
It 's just not worth it .	5	Accusative
Microsoft is 4 - 0 ( they took down Netscape , Suns Systems , MAC and IBM ) and Google may be their next target .	6	Nominative
I tell all my customers they can try it , but do n't count on it .	15	Accusative
I feel lighter and feel that I have more possibilities open to me now than I did before .	6	Nominative
What made it perfect was that they offered transportation so that I would not have to wait there or take time off of work to go back and forth or try to find a ride .	11	Nominative
Mrs. Wentz had the tone of voice that sounds as if the speaker is addressing noone but himself .	17	Accusative
" They filed an emergency motion , and we were not about to let California go dark , '' Hoecker said .	1	Nominative
It is only if the disadvantages equal the advantages that we should use the precautionary principle .	10	Nominative
Very disappointed in Kitchen Aid as well , I thought that they pre-screened their vendors for price and quality of work , obviously they do not !	23	Nominative
It was here they stole a small canoe left by the Australian Aborigines of the region .	3	Nominative
They have been my only " go - to " resource since we first did business together .	12	Nominative
Do you think we need to do more ?	1	Nominative
I will put this on our calendars .	0	Nominative
I honestly have no idea what to expect or prepare for and calling in to get professional advice from either of the embassies costs by the minute - which I really do n't have the money for .	29	Nominative
The following illustration shows what the data will look like after the Category field has been removed .	1	Nominative
For some reason it takes them awhile to learn not to step in poop .	5	Accusative
( Since the Declaration is written as coming from “ religious leaders , ” people who do n’t consider themselves “ religious leaders ” can sign as “ Supporters of the North Carolina Religious Coalition for Marriage Equality . ” )	19	Accusative
How they murdered him I do not know , save that it was Murillo 's hand who struck him down , for Lopez had remained to guard me .	11	Nominative
Rafferty recorded a new version of his Humblebums song " Her Father Did n't Like Me Anyway " on the album Over My Head ( 1994 ) .	15	Accusative
Last year was an incredible year and I ’m ready for us to come back even better in 2017 .	11	Accusative
Your answer to a question indicated that I have several of the skills you look for .	13	Nominative
By flooding himself with externals , by drowning himself out of himself , he had managed to exert some small degree of control over his fits of despair .	8	Accusative
I look at some of these other comments & laugh because people think that the world revolves around them !	0	Nominative
And afterwards either infected them or not . Then for about two weeks we count every day how many ants died .	4	Accusative
When I inquired he rudely replied " in the morning when things are checked out you 'll get it back . "	3	Nominative
I feel that the way some doctor s offices work around here is a little bit absurd so I 'm happy that these guys do n't do those two things in particlular .	18	Nominative
Try recording your joke on a tape player and playing it back to yourself .	13	Accusative
after finding the car i wanted they took the time to go over each step and making it as painless as possible .	4	Nominative
He decided to light a cigarette .	0	Nominative
But the longer it takes us to understand the new landscape of this war , the more costly and painful the victory will be .	3	Nominative
Listened to my problem and took care of it .	8	Accusative
It was the young Texan 's job to find out what each county leader needed in the way of campaign supplies and get those supplies to them .	26	Accusative
Finally , we assessed the distribution of reported reasons for discrimination across the racial categories .	2	Nominative
My kid is making wonderful grades and has reassured me she will graduate within the four year period .	9	Accusative
We were expecting a great experience , when we recieved a friendly greeting by the hosts .	8	Nominative
Circumstances have changed in some respects , while in others they have remained the same .	10	Nominative
His body was not accustomed to this new freedom , and for the first few blocks he walked at the old shuffling pace .	16	Nominative
Very glad that we went with them .	3	Nominative
That he missed a physical ?	1	Nominative
He listened to the bush and had the old feeling , in the bush , of being listened for .	13	Nominative
Oh , they also charged me for the procedure ( $ 250 ) AND had the audacity to charge me a $ 25 ' DISPOSAL ' fee .	2	Nominative
I asked her who she worked with and she just told me ti was the sales manager .	8	Nominative
I 'm not worried at that level .	3	Nominative
I got yelled at , literally yelled at because i asked if i could pick up my car 5 - 10 minutes late .	0	Nominative
Please let me know if you are interested in any of these games .	2	Accusative
I remember going into Hollywood Magic and wanting that big red box with the dragons on it and I did n't even know what it did .	16	Accusative
My understanding was that ECS was to provide a means to access CDEC 's online profile in order for us to make a decision to avoid running the compressor during CDEC 's peak load periods .	19	Accusative
I 'll leave to Steve to structure the deal .	0	Nominative
Please let me know .	2	Accusative
It 's really cool that so many local businesses are found so quickly in one place and I want to spread the word .	0	Nominative
If space is minimal , or you are keeping him in there to be kept away from other pets , then I can understand why you would choose to keep him there .	21	Nominative
Tears lurked mysteriously behind his eyes , and his voice seemed to tremble as he spoke , but somehow he managed to hold his own .	14	Nominative
This is my share in the advantages my country shall reap from the possession of such a magnificent dependency .	3	Nominative
For many visitors , the first place they are likely to visit is Downtown , especially if they are in town on business , or simply do not know where to start .	7	Nominative
" Will you eat some of my kosher food instead , as a favor ? "	4	Nominative
We read the good reviews before going and had high hopes .. but to our dismay it did nt turn out that way !	0	Nominative
She stole the information and gave it to another guy that did all the work .	0	Nominative
i usually put my own natural rock over the UTH and they are perfectly fine .	0	Nominative
The ReportML file can be used to convert the saved data into a data access page .	9	Nominative
I 've been to this shop twice ( once for an inspection and again for an oil change ) and they truly live up to their name : Discount !	0	Nominative
You wonder if he was manipulating the market with his bombing targets .	0	Nominative
Please review and let me know what you think .	4	Accusative
It was certainly nothing like Father Christmas .	6	Nominative
He later expanded his pretense by claiming to be " Protector of Mexico " as well .	0	Nominative
Ye$ you can Text in CANADA to the U$ on a U$ number .	1	Nominative
( Also , it might be a good idea to wrap the $ 1 bill in dark paper to reduce the risk of mail theft ) .	3	Nominative
hissing is OK , unless they start to fight .	5	Nominative
My page jumped out of bed as if crazed , looking more dead than alive , and you can imagine how I felt when he cried , “ They 're already being presented to the king ! "	21	Nominative
What I love most about this place , other than the food , is that eating here makes you feel like you 're in a small town rather than Baltimore .	1	Nominative
Did n't hurt any that they knew my name by my second visit and greeted me warmly then and on my third visit .	15	Accusative
So before hand I kinda knew about him , but I never met him .	3	Nominative
If you are in Philly you have to come check this place out !	1	Nominative
It is also peak tourist season , which means there are far more people just about everywhere but the most remote corners of the island , and prices are at their highest .	0	Nominative
The IPN report examines commercial fish species , but it neglects important non-commercial animals , such as seals and polar bears .	9	Nominative
I read you were coming back , there was an article in the paper , my wife Margot sent it to me in Switzerland , so I thought it was you .	26	Nominative
He willl eventually come and explore it and them you can handle him a little bit .	0	Nominative
Seeking common ground with my wife ( a laudable desire ) , he tells her that he too is Rumanian by origin .	14	Accusative
He achieved some fame as an architect by redesigning the City Hall in New York for the First Congress of the United States ( See : Federal Hall ) .	0	Nominative
As for Ted , things are still going well although I have n't see him at all this week ( we are two very busy people ) .	20	Nominative
Mr. President , as a Nobel Peace Prize recipient and as one of the fathers of the modern peace process in Israel , do you still think that there is a future to the peace process ?	24	Nominative
In the following example , the Salesperson field is in the MultiChart area , but it 's filtered so it displays individual charts for Buchanan and Davolio .	6	Nominative
It may be a problem because the temperature is constantly changing .	0	Nominative
If you know someone who might fit the bill ask them to contact me and / or send me their resume .	18	Accusative
Well , I had my seventeenth and eighteenth birthdays in the detention camp at Fort Howard , the guest of Her Majesty 's governor , said Odara , that I know .	14	Nominative
Thank you for your time .	1	Accusative
If you have received this communication in error , please immediately notify us by telephone ( 713-546-5000 ) , and destroy the original message .	12	Accusative
This letter might surprise you because we have not met neither in person nor by correspondence .	4	Accusative
i do nt want him to get dehydrated and also should i try to give him a little bit of food ?	0	Nominative
I do n't understand it at all .	0	Nominative
When I tried to return it they refused , so I had to leave without a refund and still hungry .	1	Nominative
In any case , I congratulate Mrs Thors on her French ; I certainly can not speak in Swedish or Finnish .	4	Nominative
I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again , I 'll definitely order a steak .	9	Nominative
I was involved in a car accident 20 years ago and since then I 've been a nervous wreck and have n't been behind the wheel .	13	Nominative
He was an okay doctor but not worth her .	0	Nominative
I called dominos tonight , it rang forever , I get put on hold twice without saying a word and FINALLY someone says , MAY I HELP YOU ?	0	Nominative
Therefore , should you wish to donate to a monk , you should only offer food , and put your monetary donation in the appropriate donation box at the temple .	3	Nominative
We just did n't play as well as we thought we would .	8	Nominative
A connection file stores information about a connection to a data source ( such as an OLE DB data source ) and the data associated with the connection .	17	Nominative
Excellent service , Not only did they get the exact car I wanted win in 48 hours but the sales man also took me out to lunch .	6	Nominative
As tropical cyclones make landfall , this energy source is cut-off and they rapidly lose strength as they move over land .	17	Nominative
I never felt pain or discomfort .	0	Nominative
Do you know the online streaming link for Red FM 93.5 delhi ?	1	Nominative
I am in need of test subjects and hope you will take it .	0	Nominative
So I explain again .	1	Nominative
" I have a duty toward you , " he tells me .	11	Accusative
According to the Pakistan reports , Aafia Siddiqui was detained after being spotted at Karachi International airport ( after she was followed to a relative 's house ) .	19	Nominative
I would highly recommend that you read through some reliable bearded guides to make sure you have everything set up correctly :	0	Nominative
Affected parties have also criticized the fact that the manufacturer 's public declarations are also included in the defect definition .	0	Nominative
Good Lord , I 've no idea , I 'm sure he has n't either .	4	Nominative
We had a larger black population in the 70s than we have now but they did not have any power until Willie Brown was elected .	10	Nominative
My concept is that over time I would like to own one of all the following artists and they are all depending when I find something that we really like .	23	Nominative
they have their own website which you can easily find using any search engine .	6	Nominative
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	17	Nominative
They are doing it deliberately .	3	Accusative
Gallop , I 've already read that whole site and been reading through research articles from the research colleges as well .	2	Nominative
So it 's wonderful to be able to rescue that and bring it to a new format and a new tradition for Mexicans .	12	Accusative
I 'm considering taking a job with Steiner and noticed I have to pay for all my travel .	10	Nominative
In him I see a piece of history , an antiquity .	2	Nominative
To dissident Russian writers like Lev Navrozov , the Americans can never be a match for the Russians .	17	Nominative
Try googling it or type it into youtube you might get lucky .	5	Accusative
As he examined the yoyo , he could hear the child breathing beside him , watching his every move .	13	Accusative
The article by Thompson assumes that the Maya were ultimately “ peaceful ” people since they lacked apparent defenses .	15	Nominative
Can you please confirm which price is correct and make the change in Sitara if necessary ?	1	Nominative
I am pleased with the service that i get at Luxe .	7	Nominative
Now they are part of your working group .	1	Nominative
Also woodpeckers were pecking in the trees and I just sat and watched .	8	Nominative
And I 'll be instructing the State Prosecutor to act when I 'd rather not , too .	10	Nominative
Is it possible that you or somebody else in the HR department mark the vacation time ?	1	Nominative
Any chance we can get together for dinner Saturday eve. ?	2	Nominative
" Are you ashamed of her ? "	5	Accusative
Are you going to be able to make the power VAR meeting on Thursday ?	1	Nominative
They were not enemies , they were not criminals , they were nothing earthly now , – nothing but black shadows of disease and starvation , lying confusedly in the greenish gloom .	5	Nominative
We ’ll attack People Magazine ’s coverage of Britney as much as Britney .	0	Nominative
If you want to help , please send them to everyone you know who needs to read them .	11	Nominative
She has always been there for Gracee even for last minute calls !	0	Nominative
Let me know if you have any questions .	4	Nominative
I thought it would pass until he started to vomit blood and would nt drink any water .	2	Nominative
They must have read these reviews and improved !	0	Nominative
I 'm you , and you 're me .	0	Nominative
Take note of how they act , talk , and use their social status .	4	Nominative
Despite the aftershocks I would recommend going to Christchurch , just for the experience and then you can see first hand how things get effected by earthquakes .	16	Nominative
Do you remember ?	1	Nominative
If you want an attorney who will defend your right , contact Law Offices of Armando Villega	1	Nominative
Again and again he wonders how accurately his chronicler will record his adventures .	10	Nominative
i got her number though .	0	Nominative
So instead of documenting the dreams it gradually became also like adding creational elements , and I think that somehow through writing my dreams I gradually came to writing , also poems , but mainly stories .	16	Nominative
We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying , " was I got ta have it ! "	36	Accusative
I just need to talk to an another american who has gone to the UK before so that I know what expect when arriving at the airport and with going through visa process and everything .	18	Nominative
If i were you I would Go ...	3	Nominative
There 's lots of towns called Miramar , it 'd help a lot if you listed a state or some sort of context you 're looking for it in .	23	Nominative
I say we just keep the dough and go to Mexico .	0	Nominative
I well remember what intelligent , informed people were saying in the last years of the Weimar Republic , what they told one another in the first days after Hindenburg had brought in Hitler .	20	Nominative
He wedged himself between the seats to recover the shoe she had lost somewhere over a distant desert ;	2	Accusative
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I am determined to prove to the Admissions commitee that I can excel with the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business .	23	Nominative
I flung out of his hut ( he lived all alone in a clay hut with a sort of veranda ) muttering to myself my opinion of him .	23	Accusative
In the Second Messenian War , Sparta established itself as a local power in Peloponnesus and the rest of Greece .	8	Accusative
In the interview , Herrick explains what wikiHow is , why he decided to create it , how he grew it in size , and why he chose to use a Creative Commons license ( HyperLink ) for his site .	26	Nominative
I guess if you are someone not familiar with how NASA benefits our society I can see how one might form the opinion of yheggy - ga .	14	Nominative
In a case like this , those governments that are still recommending increased production are being irresponsible .	12	Nominative
These works were written under the name of William Wilson , and he produced them at the rate of about one a year , which brought in enough money for him to live modestly in a small New York apartment .	12	Nominative
They asked us things that we would have never have thought of , and took extra time to meet with us when we needed it before the wedding .	24	Nominative
I can dig it up if you 'd like .	6	Nominative
It is , surprisingly , near the Blue Water Bridges , some miles to the west of this location .	0	Nominative
Thank you ,	1	Accusative
And all that time you 're overseas you 'll be racking up interest .	4	Nominative
She waggled her fingers , sticky from the marshmallow , and her husband took his handkerchief from his pocket and gave it to her .	0	Nominative
We order take out from here all the time and we are never disappointed .	0	Nominative
Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer , or should this be more generic ?	1	Nominative
Companies may try to set up a firewall between sensitive systems and foreign powers , but it does not always work .	16	Nominative
After all she will only be a baby for so long I figure why not enjoy it .	16	Accusative
" So far , it 's the Internet : 1 , Scientology : 0 . But it 's a long game . " - Matthew Ingram	4	Nominative
Decent place to stay , I would stay there again .	5	Nominative
If you ca n't buy ballet shoes , that it is okay .	9	Nominative
Much later , when he was able to think about the things that happened to him , he would conclude that nothing was real except chance .	17	Nominative
maybe a back brase will help , sometimes my back really gets to me and i 've thought about getting one .	13	Accusative
Now I 'm the youngest and I just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it 's a good thing ?	18	Nominative
If you have been to the London Aquarium I would not even bother with this .	8	Nominative
What else was there to live by ?	1	Nominative
Sorry I guess I did n't read it very well .	7	Accusative
If you 'd rather dine at home , simply call in your order with our take - out service .	1	Nominative
When the ship passed Stromboli at night , there was a streak of crimson lava flowing from the volcano and the sailors would n't leave the television set to look at this natural phenomenon .	0	Nominative
For instance , if the person has a band-related username , you might say : " Hey , cool name . Did you see those guys when they last came to town ? "	27	Nominative
They eventually turned it over to a collection agency and now will not even discuss the matter .	3	Accusative
Turkey understands it well .	2	Accusative
We carved out little squares for the ants to live in ( covered with old CD covers to prevent them escaping ! ) .	0	Nominative
I really should be going , he said .	6	Nominative
It took the Vigor team only 4 visits to get me feeling normal !	10	Accusative
I used to live in London for 6 months and it 's by far one of my favorite places to be in the world ( I 've been to 45 countries in 5 years ) .	10	Nominative
We called our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it taken care of .	7	Nominative
She invited me in for tea and massage .	0	Nominative
And his apartment is so run down down I 'm afraid roaches might be crawling over the baby .	8	Nominative
You should book or ensure accommodation before you board a flight for the Chathams , as during the popular months of the tourism season , between October and April , accommodation can be severely limited .	0	Nominative
I went to this urgent care center and was blown away with their service .	0	Nominative
As we go up into the Via Dolorosa , we hear an exciting jingle .	9	Nominative
You can use the Import command ( point to Get External Data on the File menu ) to import XML data files into Access .	23	Nominative
Yo mama `s so fat , she `s got smaller fat women orbiting around her .	6	Nominative
If you get a good wife , you 'll become happy ; if you get a bad one , you 'll become a philosopher .	19	Nominative
This means the experimenter does n't know which ants belong to which treatment , so it 's impossible to influence the results with ' observer bias ' .	15	Nominative
If you have any problems or questions , please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696 .	1	Nominative
I have faxed to you the form of Bond , our proposed Bond provisions and the EEI Master .	4	Accusative
These are concentrated rays , but they do not penetrate down to where we usually are .	13	Nominative
I can print it here , initial it , and fax it to whomever you want .	0	Nominative
However , it was too oriented to small posts in the West and not as well - prepared for an overseas conflict .	2	Nominative
I posted what the owner as said in paragraph 2 & 3 , that is not me to clarify .	16	Accusative
even though I have never tried hoa salon but I agree with other reviewers that they are rude .	9	Nominative
New Zealand 's Prime Minister John Key said he believes redesigning the flag now has a " strong rationale " .	8	Nominative
Service was okay not great , we came for a late lunch .	6	Nominative
I remain convinced that if we can just get the facts in front of people they will modulate their approach .	5	Nominative
Lou , do we have any sort of policy on requests like this ?	3	Nominative
The second night I dreamed that I was on a desert island and Sonia , our golden retriever , was with me .	3	Nominative
We 've had a crate made to transport Fritzi , and she 's been trying it on him .	17	Accusative
If you have any questions , please contact us at noc@paulhastings.com .	1	Nominative
This is why we will be approving the report which has been presented to us .	3	Nominative
Let us hope , therefore , that the proposals of the Commission will be sufficient to make sure this job will be done effectively .	1	Accusative
17th , like over by 16th and 15th YES , I say , one mile west of you .	17	Accusative
Her grant for the life saving treatments she needs has run out , and we need to help her to continue to receive these treatments .	14	Nominative
My girlfriend and I ate at The Grill last night , and our experience was amazing .	3	Nominative
In this day it s rare to find such wonderful people who CARE , Not the kind of want to make cash .	3	Nominative
Keep in mind though that if you end up failing I will not let you forget it ( and , as we have established , I have the memory of an elephant ) .	10	Nominative
They 're currently on their honeymoon but shortly after returning will be moving from Buenos Aires to Miami , Florida .	0	Nominative
And it should be on 10 - 12 hours , just like the sun would be up for 10 - 12 hours in his natural environment .	1	Nominative
We forget we are from Earth .	2	Nominative
I assure the House firmly that Hong-Kong will not slip from our sights in the Commission .	0	Nominative
Seeing the nature and wild life that if you keep quiet you can get up close and personal .	11	Nominative
Now I just do it once or twice a week or as needed .	1	Nominative
Corrado Passera withdraws the offer for Mps due to " the attitude of total closure that the Bank has shown to us " .	21	Accusative
On call , it takes a day to get our issues resolved .	3	Nominative
Access will create a backup copy of the page ( pagefilename.bak.htm ) at the same location as the original data access page file .	0	Nominative
Cut close to those tiny leaves , but be sure not to damage them .	13	Accusative
I think it was in the Lincoln Square area but do n't quote me on that .	13	Accusative
The following illustration shows how the row area will look with nested custom groups .	1	Nominative
At the moment if you move overseas you can only come back to New Zealand for a short amount of time before they 'll force you cough up .	25	Accusative
I feel lighter and feel that I have more possibilities open to me now than I did before .	15	Nominative
i want to hook up with that girl paige in the brown leather jacket .	0	Nominative
" They are targetting ambulances " , " American snipers are shooting children and pregnant women " , and " They are using cluster bombs against civilians " is all you get to hear from him .	20	Nominative
Third , with the " new age " Efrem Zimbalist , Jr. in charge of the investigation , it is not likely we could do better in striking the appropriate balance between due process and national security .	22	Nominative
I should have a list of post - id's for you by 4:30 today .	0	Nominative
Magazines constantly change their policy on it ; they want it , they do n't want it ...	8	Nominative
It was 4:50 when a friend told me to call Bud , he would take care of me .	7	Accusative
I occasionally wonder whether that is why the world is so uncomfortable with them .	13	Accusative
It means they 've gone too far .	2	Nominative
Before he had a chance to absorb the woman 's presence , to describe her to himself and form his impressions , she was talking to him , forcing him to respond .	14	Accusative
They think that modernity may endanger their tradition .	0	Nominative
Reports from Port Blair make it evident that New Delhi gets little on - the - ground intelligence , and the Indian Coast Guard is grossly unequipped to deal with the surge of illegal migrants to the islands .	5	Nominative
I am not sure about the quality of the other doctors there , but i do know from personal experience that Dr. Christopher T. Strzalka is not a man of his word , and is also very CRUEL AND UNCARING !!	14	Nominative
It will vanish and shrink .	0	Nominative
I 'd go if I were you , or she 'll tell everyone in London you were buttering up to the Africans and did n't want to see them .	28	Accusative
No , it means only that the Jews , because they are Jews , have never been able to take the right to live as a natural right .	7	Nominative
She is friendly when we see each other on campus .	0	Nominative
Staff is very friendly they treat you like a human being and not just another patient .	6	Nominative
It 's a big year for you , friend Pisces .	6	Accusative
We 'll get the paperwork together and sent to you for naked options .	0	Nominative
I have counted around 25 of them and they currently reside in a 20 gallon tank .	8	Nominative
I have never been and I will never be a Government official and I have no privileged information .	0	Nominative
I do n't want them to commit suicide or something haha	0	Nominative
I 'm not kidding , I once lost a hamster in my house 3 months later I walk down in the basement and it was as big as a rat .	23	Nominative
After exposing the ants to the fungus , we took pictures of each foraging arena three times per day , and counted how many ants were present on each food-source .	8	Nominative
They did a vehicle wrap for my Toyota Venza that looks amazing .	0	Nominative
We read the good reviews before going and had high hopes .. but to our dismay it did nt turn out that way !	16	Nominative
But something about it seemed to call out to him – as if its unique destiny in the world was to hold the words that came from his pen .	9	Accusative
To me , the ultimate feeling of success as an artist , is to move somebody enough where they thank you .	1	Accusative
Because I have the clear sensation that with this way of thinking , they wait the praise of some ideologized supporters .	13	Nominative
I am sure she would like to hear from you .	9	Accusative
It 's nice to see that even in the economy we can eat a place that has upscale service , amazing atmosphere , and Incredible food , but not break the bank while enjoying it !	34	Accusative
It is a curb bit with a ported mouth piece and some horses appreciate this to give them more room in their mouths for their tongues .	17	Accusative
No , because I really ca n't call and tell them I 'm yeah , so-and-so 's applying here for a position .	3	Nominative
Bray felt he must be somewhere about ; it was difficult to imagine this time without him .	16	Accusative
He knew Alexanian was right . "	0	Nominative
Then , in 1973 , as Bush made plans to leave the Guard and go to Harvard Business School , he again started showing up frequently .	20	Nominative
" I do n't know whether they sell them to outsiders . "	8	Accusative
If you took some Olympic - level horses on a trail ride , they just could n't do it .	1	Nominative
it s great to know you can get great service , great product , and for the best price all in one !	5	Nominative
In the white pages , however , he found the name .	7	Nominative
Do you feel that the holidaying with the animated cartoons will impress only young ones ?	1	Nominative
He is regarded as one of the leading Avant - Garde artist of modern calligraphy .	0	Nominative
Thanks for attributing the quote to me .	6	Accusative
When they are just jumping at each other and their tails are wagging that means that they are playing .	16	Nominative
It 's a big year for you , friend Pisces .	0	Nominative
It ’s very much like you are trying to make the room laugh , but the room has been a sort of captive audience for many many years now , so it takes a lot to make the room laugh .	0	Nominative
Please let me know what type of statement I should make back to the customer .	8	Nominative
She wandered down to the herb garden and brought back a branch of dill ;	6	Nominative
An hour later , as he climbed from the number 4 bus at 70th Street and Fifth Avenue , he still had not answered the question .	17	Nominative
In all my travels I ’ve never seen anything like it and am often met with an odd look when I explain them to foreigners .	4	Nominative
I will be on a plane to Houston at 8:00 a.m .	0	Nominative
Their prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive .	10	Nominative
It 's not enough to have photography skills .	0	Nominative
So was Darren there last night to meet her or do you just think they 'd make a good match ?	11	Nominative
maybe buy him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up	11	Accusative
If you have received this email in error , please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system .	1	Nominative
A part of him had died , he told his friends , and he did not want it coming back to haunt him .	13	Nominative
If you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .	15	Accusative
" Diligence " is the key word for you , Taurus .	8	Accusative
Jared just told me you have a BUNCH of stuff on your plate and I think you are about to get much busier too .	4	Nominative
He successfully defended his dissertation in 1891 .	0	Nominative
They are certainly being nasty to the United Nations Security Council in connection with the anti-proliferation treaty .	0	Nominative
you are n't going in for the wedding until sunday now ?	0	Nominative
We have been able to keep ENA 's direct group expenses flat year on year , we are trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well .	0	Nominative
STOA , to produce for us a paper which indicated low sulphur fuels are essential .	5	Accusative
Nevertheless , he was reluctant to move .	2	Nominative
I never saw anyone there .	0	Nominative
Let me know if you have any questions .	1	Accusative
Meanwhile , Arthur Levitt has agreed to meet with us in September to brainstorm on the ideas we 've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them .	35	Accusative
Wire cages are NOT acceptable for dwarfs really , unless the bars have less than half a cm between them .	19	Accusative
If you knew what kind of " meat " they put in canned cat food you 'd understand this .	15	Nominative
In this paper , we report upon the novel insights eye-tracking techniques have provided into the unconscious processes of viewing the unique collection of Zurbarán artworks .	4	Nominative
But that 's what I happen to be .	4	Nominative
They offer a good portions at a great price , it 's enough food to fill you up , but you do n't ever feel like you ate too much .	10	Nominative
At the same time it could result in job losses in the labour intensive repair services sector .	6	Nominative
As always , thank you for your time and please contact me @ ext 58369 if you have any questions .	11	Accusative
They went all the way back into town to the flats where the Edwards girl lived ...	0	Nominative
I am attaching a clean and blacklined version of the proposed resolutions authorizing the opening of brokerage accounts .	0	Nominative
Elmira , you r the best !	2	Nominative
What I want to do with the animals requires new material preserved in diverse ways , but it does n't require me to be there .	21	Accusative
Prominent Builders in New Jersey are one the best building contractors , I was referred to them by my friend , I am so glad I used them for my Home renovation , and addition .	27	Accusative
when i watched werewolf in london ( great film ) that was the only time i saw the yorkshire moors .	1	Nominative
As you look at this , if for some reason we can not obtain ElPaso ROW , we will have to look at Plan B which would be to put the metering on our ROW .	10	Nominative
He was obeyed , yet he inspired neither love nor fear , nor even respect .	5	Nominative
Are either of you familiar with this project ?	3	Accusative
I would appreciate it if you could get this one fixed today and , if you have any problem with changing the GCP procedure , please let me know .	0	Nominative
Using this work arrangement , it forces you to take action , as you ca n't afford to waste any time . [ 2 ] .	7	Accusative
I also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of services that I did not need .	10	Accusative
( c ) Are you happy with the draft letter to Beachcrofts I sent you ?	4	Nominative
Just one small commment - it 's not possible , as far as I know , for Google to " Aquire " Firefox .	5	Nominative
I had to wait in the station for ten days – an eternity .	0	Nominative
I bought about half of the furniture I own from this place .	0	Nominative
You 'll want to find the right screw reassemble something without having to pick it out of 100 others when you get there .	20	Nominative
He also designed furniture and houses for the wealthy as well as coins and medals , including the insignia of the Society of the Cincinnati .	0	Nominative
They went the extra mile to repair my cowboy boots -- they had to have a special kind of paper that looked like wood grain to fix the heels .	11	Nominative
Shake them up once the lids are on tightly .	1	Accusative
Sorry I guess I did n't read it very well .	1	Nominative
Very pleased to meet you , Ron 's told us so much about –	9	Accusative
You need a lot of money for hotels , airfare , seeing the sites , food , local transport - you name it but life costs .	0	Nominative
He was bearing down on Harry like a great bulldog , all his teeth bared .	0	Nominative
To prove that he was not a self-obsessed ingrate , he began to question Auster about his writing .	13	Nominative
You 're at 7th .	0	Nominative
i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side .	9	Nominative
It ’s an interesting tool , created to overload/create malformed strings and crash a website ’s database , " said the post by an unknown author on pigmy .	0	Nominative
I did not have a good experience w / Dr. Ghassemlou .	0	Nominative
Please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium .	6	Nominative
Harry dashed around his room , collecting his things together and passing them out of the window to Ron .	12	Accusative
He felt remarkably calm , as if everything had already happened to him .	12	Accusative
Well , in that case , we 'll probably bump into each other in Great Lakes Road .	6	Nominative
I will have the EPM test done before treating .	0	Nominative
Veronique stayed with me that night , lying next to me in my blankets and furs .	3	Accusative
If you need a cater that is affordable and easy to work with they are the ones .	1	Nominative
You can filter fields in the row , column , and detail areas .	2	Nominative
Allow the creators and others in the United Kingdom to have a fair debate about whether we should have a blank tape levy .	4	Nominative
You did a great job at the hearing ---- it went decidely downhill after you left .	14	Nominative
It is occasionally denounced by some Israelis as corrupt , " Levantine , " theocratic .	6	Nominative
I gave Dr. Rohatgi 2 stars because her assistant was very pleasant .	0	Nominative
I went across the bay last night to attend a farmer 's market and music event .	0	Nominative
He described her as a " remarkable " and " loving and wonderful " woman who left her mark in the literary world with her stories .	0	Nominative
I know you must be going nuts with all the events , so I have not called .	2	Nominative
I started this page to help with my boredom .	0	Nominative
John was here in 45 minutes after I called on a 10 below zero early Sunday morning .	7	Nominative
She flicked her wand casually at the washing-up in the sink , which began to clean itself , clinking gently in the background .	16	Accusative
It can also be done through online agencies as mentioned before although they may be slightly more expensive ( normally £ 15 + £ 15 admin fee and additional postage ) .	12	Nominative
He was stand-offish with the other agents , and they on their side said he was the manager 's spy upon them .	0	Nominative
I do n't know about the playstation situation but I do know that Microsoft has said they do n't see the Xbox 360 as being even halfway through its lifetime .	0	Nominative
His watch read nearly six .	1	Nominative
Do we intend to reference a particular manufacturer , or should this be more generic ?	1	Nominative
When you open a page , Access reads the connection file that is linked to the page , and based on the contents of the connection file , connects the page to the appropriate data source .	6	Nominative
It is a political process and I have decided not to be present , so it was said .	6	Nominative
I wish I had you as my dentist early on in my life - maybe my teeth would have been a lot better then they are now , However I am glad you are my dentist now .	29	Nominative
If you need more , there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts ( we heard about it in Amsterdam ) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets .	1	Nominative
If you move the line downward , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line below remains constant , and the perpendicular line above the moving line lengthens .	11	Nominative
It 's all in the air .	2	Nominative
1 ) It is not normal for dogs to be vomiting , much less to have blood in it .	18	Accusative
I 'm going to assume that you did n't get around to it .	12	Accusative
Seeing another " Columbia " incident can be quite frightening ( I woke up to it early in the morning when I was in Texas ) .	11	Nominative
You have two screws that attach the sight to the wang .	0	Nominative
i must have had you messed up with some other girl i made the bet with .	4	Nominative
I suppose we said many times we 'd come back when they got their independence .	11	Nominative
In our example conversation , you might work a joke or two into your music-related small talk .	5	Nominative
Between 1991 and 1997 , she ran a school for children with learning disabilities .	5	Nominative
He became very cool and collected all at once .	0	Nominative
I 'm a regular poster but for some reason blogger wo n't let me in today ... but sign me TroubleFunk .	13	Accusative
I do n't think it matters	4	Nominative
So the last weekend in January would work well ( and I will need a rest from formal affairs ! ) .	11	Nominative
After talking with you and Professors Titman , Brown and Jemison , I was sure that UT was the right place to continue learning about energy - finance .	12	Nominative
Joseph Manogue at Tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed the draft ISDA doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original .	5	Accusative
After all she will only be a baby for so long I figure why not enjoy it .	2	Nominative
You made a choice to be a mommy , you do nt get a break until they move out , that s the choice that you madea and that 's life .	0	Nominative
Until we have come up with those numbers it would be premature to make any offers for the summer .	8	Nominative
So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)	17	Accusative
You realize : no mites .	0	Nominative
Just said i was inoperable and walked out of the hospital room .	2	Nominative
Many people , including Indigenous groups , argue they trivialize First Nations culture .	8	Nominative
I think it was in the Lincoln Square area but do n't quote me on that .	0	Nominative
**** sigh **** not trying to sound snooty or stuck up but I mean really !	12	Nominative
I think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards , but I wonder about the most appropriate timing , enough of a global message and the means of delivery .	0	Nominative
I 'd go back if I could get the last minute rate again of $ 99 , but I would n't pay their rack rate .	0	Nominative
That lady at PetSmart is a disgrace to the rest of us PetSmart associates ... sheesh .	11	Accusative
I should think the bar of the Silver Rhino 's as good a place as any to learn what 's really going on .	0	Nominative
I suspect it will not change greatly ... but you never know how much stock people put in the news .	0	Nominative
See them as they are , not for what they claim to be .	3	Nominative
As long as you are a gentleman and treat them with respect they wo n't have any problem talking with you and your nationality will have nothing to do with how they treat you .	20	Accusative
I 've had a lot of cats who refused to eat the canned food .	0	Nominative
You can add new filter fields or move existing fields to the filter area .	8	Nominative
Nor have I expanded my production .	2	Nominative
The sitting was suspended at 7.15 p.m and resumed at 9 p.m .	11	Nominative
Auster led him to the living room , gave him a frayed upholstered chair to sit in , and then went off to the kitchen to fetch some beer .	9	Accusative
Even if you mash it with a spoon he ca n't do that ,	4	Accusative
I tamed them in 4 days .	2	Accusative
Copyright holders are given an absolute right to protection , with the banning of copying for private use for example .	14	Nominative
i was reading the package for a tank heater i bought for my 40 gallon tank for my snake and it said it can be put under the tank or on the side .	0	Nominative
Worse yet , what is going on will not let us alone .	10	Accusative
It 's in an area starting with a P , many tourist hotels there and the location is very nice .	0	Nominative
Their minds are of the stay-at-home order , and their home is always with them – the ship ; and so is their country – the sea .	14	Accusative
“ Agora was invitation - only but many of these marketplaces are easily accessible if you know how to search , ” Dr Lee adds .	15	Nominative
I now use a 75 watt basking or heat bulb for mine and he seems to like it	13	Nominative
If they think you 've taken a soda from your room home with you , they will charge you $ 1.50 per can .	1	Nominative
So they were going to charge him for new peddles and proceeded to put them on without even telling him the price .	1	Nominative
I do see myself as a conservative	0	Nominative
To me , the ultimate feeling of success as an artist , is to move somebody enough where they thank you .	20	Accusative
" But you have n't talked about her to me . "	2	Nominative
You 'd be scared .	0	Nominative
Remember that what you do to yourself affects me and everybody else , remember that what you do to me and anyone else shapes your destiny .	6	Accusative
I know I need some of your organizational skills .	2	Nominative
Exclaim that you 've lost a beast .	2	Nominative
When near the buildings I met a white man , in such an unexpected elegance of get-up that in the first moment I took him for a sort of vision .	24	Accusative
They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs , as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs	10	Nominative
I 'm a 20 year old female travelling by myself so it could be anything .	11	Nominative
I discovered that a lot of imported drainage-pipes for the settlement had been tumbled in there .	0	Nominative
More recently , he erred in accepting a transportation bill that had huge flaws and huge tax increases , rather than prioritizing spending and seeking more rational , efficient , decentralized transportation decision-making .	3	Nominative
He needs a shower , and he picks his nose all the time .	6	Nominative
But Johnson was so obtuse he did n’t understand he had a victory when it was handed to him on a silver platter .	18	Accusative
Although flying to the Chathams and back is not cheap , it is worth it .	11	Nominative
Hi , i bought my Syrian Hamster ( Fernando ) just yesterday and as i was told to leave	2	Nominative
You know that your hostess has lost a son ; that her sister lost children in the 1973 war ;	11	Accusative
Personally I think you should just keep on walking by .	3	Nominative
Why do I raise the matter ?	2	Nominative
I 've never had a dwarf hamster but I 've had the same problem with my pet rat I put some chicken wiring around it the I got from home depot and now it ca n't out .	8	Nominative
I would love to .	0	Nominative
You did a great job at the hearing ---- it went decidely downhill after you left .	0	Nominative
EDIT : I love how she says it 's not callum but does n't deny it 's me .... i think we all know who she 's talking about ...	2	Nominative
They 'll die off , I suppose .	5	Nominative
After execution , we will forward a final copy to you for your files .	10	Accusative
Well it is the wrong one , because I told you this morning I wanted the round flat bottle put in the fridge .	13	Nominative
Not me sorry .	1	Accusative
Tell them it costs like 8 dollars a month ( if even that much ) to keep it fed .	2	Nominative
We whittle that down on a Monday to about a hundred , come in Tuesday and pick an issue and brainstorm with the whole editorial staff ; all fifteen of us .	0	Nominative
Of course I knew the word " history . "	2	Nominative
I was unsure of what he should wear , it says business casual but that can be interpreted in many different ways .	5	Nominative
She was instructed to destroy the agreement and another would be forwarded to her with the necessary corrections and re-wording of Section 7 .	13	Accusative
they do nt hurt unless you r stupid enough to press on them .	0	Nominative
She has some big presentation mid-January .	0	Nominative
Aunt Petunia burst into tears and hugged her son , while Harry ducked under the table so they would n't see him laughing .	21	Accusative
Too many continue to scrape together a living in a kind of La Bohéme garret .	12	Nominative
It can be a little on the spicy side but just ask them exactly what you want and they are very helpful .	18	Nominative
They can produce a lot of waste and even scooping twice a day they can get messy .	13	Nominative
If you still have it , can you send it to him at " Mark EI.London Taylor " ?	11	Accusative
In order to win , it is necessary to first eliminate the terrorist regimes , so that no Government in the world will serve as a safe haven for these people .	5	Nominative
I assume his actual reason is that he 's worried that Berkshire Hathaway just ca n't grow quickly enough to justify his usual charity policy .	7	Nominative
" Can you name the general who is in charge of Pakistan ? "	2	Nominative
They actively excluded State Department Iraq hands like Tom Warrick .	0	Nominative
The family 's attorney advises me that Aafia had no knowledge of chemicals ( and that would not appear to be her training ) .	5	Accusative
I called them back a few hours after putting my Bodhi down and they still would n't budge .	0	Nominative
maybe buy him toys that he can play with that give him a way to use his energy up	2	Accusative
She has taken care of my sweet girl for almost 4 years now and I would not let Gracee go with anyone besides her !!!	23	Accusative
" There is always the possibility they could jam us up , make us look like we are not numero uno , " Pike said .	16	Nominative
Please disregard and destroy the form you received on July 2 , as well as any blank forms retrieved from the PEP system prior to that date .	6	Nominative
They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they " do as they wilt " .	13	Nominative
This is not a rip - off , it is decent ; it 's legal ; and it is virtually no risk - it really works !!	8	Nominative
He had only just reached the upstairs landing when the door bell rang and Uncle Vernon 's furious face appeared at the foot of the stairs .	0	Nominative
yeah i got yelled at also .	1	Nominative
Instead of being taken to a hotel , where he could route out as promised , he was taken to the Century City Towers .	9	Nominative
Actually it is not a new truck .	1	Nominative
Figured they 'd contacted them , but wanted to make sure .	1	Nominative
I understand that it is a competitive process , but I felt that with my work experiences , recommendations , extrcurricular activities , etc. , that this would help my chances and possibly compensate my disability .	0	Nominative
Well maybe a miracle could happen , but let s face it we 're ordinary people and so require practical day to day techniques !	11	Accusative
Luckily I live very close , so I can abuse it during week - ends ...	1	Nominative
I much preferred the one - on - one service here to the experiences I 've had with bigger offices and firms .	0	Nominative
The inscription on it was fading away , so I should set it down here as it was then , and ask my readers to ponder it :	3	Accusative
It can also make him or her question your motives , leading the person to believe that you may be trying to get something out of him or her .	17	Nominative
He took a deep breath , scattered the powder into the flames and stepped forward ; the fire felt like a warm breeze ; he opened his mouth and immediately swallowed a lot of hot ash .	24	Nominative
For example , you can filter for the top 25 % or bottom 25 % of salespeople based on the number of orders handled .	10	Nominative
If you are looking for towing services that can offer you a good towed car service , then Auto Towing is the company for you .	24	Accusative
I thought to get a decent pizza the only way was at a fancy restaurant , and I have to get a whole pie .	0	Nominative
If you want to make other languages , you can use this language as a model and change some letters or sounds to create a different language .	1	Nominative
We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying , " was I got ta have it ! "	26	Nominative
We both kept trying to find something we liked .	7	Nominative
Enjoy it while you can , and then if your family enjoys it you can go again for a longer period of time .	12	Accusative
When you have a malignant tumor , you may remove the tumor itself surgically .	1	Nominative
I have visited Dr. Cooper 's office twice and I am very impressed with how friendly and polite the staff is .	9	Nominative
We REALLY enjoyed our balcony -- coffee in the mornings , drinks at night , standing outside when docking and leaving port -- however , it is quite a bit more expensive .	25	Nominative
Afterwards I took it back when it was borne in upon me startlingly with what extreme nicety he had estimated the time requisite for the ' affair . '	1	Nominative
Not so , Kids are what kids are and will do what they do .	12	Nominative
He felt remarkably calm , as if everything had already happened to him .	0	Nominative
I was thoroughly impressed !	0	Nominative
After friday , I will no longer have access to the estate , so if you could shoot this off over night so I could have something in the morning to work with I would appreciate it .	23	Nominative
For instance , if the person has a band-related username , you might say : " Hey , cool name . Did you see those guys when they last came to town ? "	22	Nominative
" I am frankly revolted by the response of the Bush - Bashers ; " Sorry chaps , but you did have it coming ... "	1	Nominative
I thought that since Chonawee has an optimization background , he would be good to have him go to dinner with Dr. Lasdon on Thrusday as well .	0	Nominative
I had been a patient of Dr. Olbina for 9 years and had spent thousands of dollars on crowns etc .	0	Nominative
He was hare in pursuit of the tortoise , and again and again he had to remind himself to hold back .	13	Nominative
Quinn asked him if he could try , and the boy walked over and put it in his hand .	2	Accusative
If you r in the USA and venture into Cuba then u need a passport	1	Nominative
She is just being friendly in public because she does not want to offend you and she treats you like any other friend .	18	Accusative
" You might find them a little hard to live with , " I tell her .	4	Accusative
This was a terrible experience and I hope that no one else goes through that .	6	Nominative
It should make some sense , so that it will be easier to learn and speak with [ Example : Do n't use oh as e , hello as llo , and See ya as c yah ) .	0	Nominative
You think there was someone else would have given you the alphabet ! and electricity and killed off the malaria mosquito , just for love ?	5	Nominative
As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now .	32	Nominative
It 's tough to make money branching out when your appeal is in your focus .	0	Nominative
can anyone tell me exactly what it is and what took place ?	3	Accusative
He 's getting used to his new home , but has n't eatin yet .	0	Nominative
Is it someone on your team or someone from CEC ?	1	Nominative
Then in 2006 we ended up fourth .	3	Nominative
To select several controls at once in a data access page , you must have Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.5 installed on your computer .	16	Nominative
It is reasonable to credit his statement that he got the lesion after bumping into a suitcase he was carrying at a camp in Afghanistan .	17	Nominative
Yes , he said to himself , it was possible .	2	Nominative
He originated nothing , he could keep the routine going – that 's all . But he was great .	13	Nominative
I was amazed and really excited .	0	Nominative
What are some fun things I could do while in Japan ?	5	Nominative
If you take him here for shots , no big deal but I would never let this man apply anesthetic to my pet ever again .	3	Accusative
SMS Me ... 09819602175	1	Accusative
He was also an influential figure in the pop art movement .	0	Nominative
I 'm American and I am going to the UK for the first time , what should I expect ?	4	Nominative
This was simple prudence , white men being so much alike at a distance that he could not tell who I might be .	15	Nominative
I expected to pay for this service , but imagine my surprise when I received a bill for MORE than what I paid to have the original return prepared .	0	Nominative
" Had it happened an hour later it would have been much worse , " Khaled Al-Maeena , editor at large at the Saudi Gazette , said .	2	Nominative
The screw - up was the kind of things you have happen when you have bean - counters ( and McNamara was nothing if not a bean - counter ) instead of soldiers in charge of the military .	13	Nominative
I then called the 800 number ( which was answered ) and inquired about last minute rates .	0	Nominative
‘’ Should Pakistan show us any evidence of an Indian hand using Afghan soil to work against our neighbours we will take it very seriously , ” says Amrullah Saleh the head of Afghanistan ’s National Security Directorate .	19	Nominative
If in dongle you mean USB stick then yes USB sticks are the same any were you go :) hope that answered your question .	16	Nominative
I met Gwenzi 's brother in London one day while he was at Gray 's Inn ;	10	Nominative
In our Constitutional system , we have three branches of the Federal Government : the Legislative , Executive , and Judicial branches .	5	Nominative
We took our beloved kitty to him and it came back dead .	8	Nominative
I have been here 3 times and all 3 times it has been bad !	10	Nominative
Shrugging , he gives up and I turn to the twice disagreeable chicken and eat guiltily , my appetite spoiled .	6	Nominative
You 'll note we offer a couple of versions of some books .	0	Nominative
I need a new lawnmower , so I 'll try to bump it up a little more .	7	Nominative
With these clinics , we hope to initiate a stream of DH activities in Dutch universities , making access to support easier for new digital scholars .	4	Nominative
probablyl gon na just kick it	5	Nominative
The next day i took it to 2 auto shops and they both told me the same thing , engine is junk .	5	Accusative
It ’s actually more businesslike than you ’d imagine .	6	Nominative
i waited another 30 mins before receiving my food and it was cold .	10	Nominative
I enjoyed the animations and wanted to share them with my friends .	8	Accusative
Even if it does , the chicken should n't suffer as long as you let it go soon afterward .	13	Nominative
Once a car nearly ran him over as he was crossing the street .	5	Accusative
You are a clear thinker and all you demand from life , in a relationship , is a partner whom you can trust and with whom you can , together , develop a foundation of trust based on understanding .	7	Nominative
But we also want to create a range of additional incentives , for instance through the ten-year market exclusivity right .	3	Nominative
ca n't believe you left last night .	3	Nominative
( c ) Are you happy with the draft letter to Beachcrofts I sent you ?	14	Accusative
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .	5	Accusative
What matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving Spain out of Iraq .	14	Nominative
Please let me know Monday morning .	2	Accusative
The urge to protect and gather them all in is almost overwhelming , and makes me more grateful for the blessings I have .	21	Nominative
If you wonder why there is misery and curse in your house , it is because you own some L.P , CD or another article related to the CURSED BY GOD Beatles and Rolling Stones .	13	Nominative
Cloud has instructed me to call with any further questions .	3	Accusative
But there was one yet – the biggest , the most blank , so to speak – that I had a hankering after .	18	Nominative
Do you miss me ?	1	Nominative
And though he 'd been a faithful servant , he was not such a player that he could get away with that .	2	Nominative
That ’s why we are on the 10th floor to make sure they die when they get kicked out .	12	Nominative
Obviously they had a full beverage list including alcohol for adults who wanted it .	13	Accusative
Have patience with him , you just got him and who knows how he was treated before you brought him home .	5	Nominative
He does n't just take pictures he makes art out of them and you wo n't even notice that there 's a camera there .	11	Accusative
1 of them is really colorful and is about 6 cm long .	2	Accusative
I would like to learn how	0	Nominative
The interim government has promised security measures that would reduce the violence on the day of elections , but I fail to see how they will be able to protect all 5,000 ( or so ) balloting centres .	24	Nominative
Neither me nor my son have n't had a single cavity since we started dental care there .	1	Accusative
Lucky I had a spare with me !	1	Nominative
I do n't feel old .	0	Nominative
Harry stepped over a pack of Self-Shuffling playing cards on the floor and looked out of the tiny window .	7	Nominative
Stan commented on the creation of the Santorum cocktail , " When he was winning in the polls , I thought , ' OK , I 'll do a Santorum ' . "	25	Nominative
the room you sleep in is best ( seeing you so relaxed that you are sleeping will send the message that everything is OK ) , but others will work just as well .	13	Nominative
They 've only been there for 10 years .	0	Nominative
Their service is top - notch and I especially love the free French champagne served even in Economy .	7	Nominative
Do not hesitate to call us with any questions .	5	Accusative
I fell asleep thinking about how I wished that the Scathalos outrunners were gone .	6	Nominative
Make sure that you and your friend(s) all follow a systematic language system .	3	Nominative
Certain reserve characters are part of the XML syntax and will not be interpreted as themselves if used in the data portion of an element .	15	Accusative
Now I 've found someone who can manage to do what I really want .	11	Nominative
He wo nt even get close to the crate .	0	Nominative
Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !	29	Accusative
Now-and-then history treats us to an interval of freedom and civilization and we make much of it .	2	Nominative
He has the family look the brown eyes , arched brows , dark coloring , and white hair .	0	Nominative
They ’re usually artists who want to do a bunch of stuff .	0	Nominative
It is next to Gare du Nord and a five minute walk to Sacre Coeur which is excellent for shopping .	0	Nominative
Can you send me the data you used : I shall take a look at it .	6	Nominative
I guess I 'm extremely fortunate that I received a scholarship which paid about 800 f my course fees through my degree .	0	Nominative
I 've been fuming over this fact for a few weeks now , ever since some organizations and governments suggested we need to accept the fact that Hezbollah will get involved in running Lebanon .	0	Nominative
If you move the line to the right , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line to the right remains constant , and the perpendicular line to the left of the moving line lengthens .	35	Nominative
I wish I had the capital to open my own shop ?	2	Nominative
Congratulations — by seeking help , you 've already demonstrated more self-awareness than the vast majority of online flirts .	6	Nominative
He told us to stop by the salon and then he will tell us the price .	2	Accusative
Is it always about them ?	1	Nominative
There 's one thing I 'll do for you , though .	4	Nominative
She fell in love with him right away , not knowing that , at 31 , he had a reputation as a womanizer .	5	Accusative
I want my money back !	0	Nominative
After the way she spoke to me on my last visit , I will not be returning !!	6	Accusative
For example , I am concerned when I buy the monthly bus passes and I have to fill in my SS number .	14	Nominative
It was a natural thing , but I never coined myself as ' The Mets Poet . '	0	Nominative
If using a silicone cupcake sheet , simply have it ready .	9	Accusative
Do whatever it is you ’ve been daydreaming about so that the temptation is removed once you get back to work .	4	Nominative
Tindi Kente is a wonderful dancer , wonderful , is n't she ... just like a snake brought out by music , and sometimes he 'll try with her .	24	Nominative
Many people at Enron already have this type of chair , but we rarely , if ever , have a surplus because they are so popular .	22	Nominative
That said , the maintenance of this forum is handled by Google and thus will remain reliable and it will ultimately give us more time to play :) .	18	Nominative
I listen carefully , closely , more closely than I 've ever listened in my life , utterly attentive , but I often feel that I have dropped into a shoreless sea .	9	Nominative
Did you know that approximately 10 million Americans are either incarcerated , on probation , on parole or once were in those categories ?	1	Nominative
Well maybe a miracle could happen , but let s face it we 're ordinary people and so require practical day to day techniques !	9	Accusative
According to Rathbun the Scientology property in question was returned by mail to the organization by Montalvo shortly after he left the Sea Org .	19	Nominative
A bold step taken shall not be regretted , I assure you .	9	Nominative
The media coverage has been seriously confused on the issue of motive and the reason Senators Daschle and Leahy would have been targeted -- tending to simplistically view them as " liberals . "	28	Accusative
They tell me he 's got the contract for the whole Isoza River reclamation scheme ... employs engineers from Poland and Italy	3	Nominative
" We are a colony .	1	Nominative
I 'm writing an essay for school and I need to know if the iPhone was the first Smart Phone .	0	Nominative
I was looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an opportunity to buy back the calls you sold .	0	Nominative
As I recall , this bus drops you off near the Opera in Paris .	1	Nominative
To that regards , I noticed I was not approved to sell naked calls .	6	Nominative
For that and many other reasons we support the motion for a resolution .	6	Nominative
try to train him to heel , which means to walk round you before he needs to go on a leash , and he may do that .	3	Accusative
Obviously I 'm still completely stupid though .	1	Nominative
Certainly he fidgeted on his chair a good deal , exclaimed , ' Ah , Mr. Kurtz ! ' broke the stick of sealing-wax and seemed dumbfounded by the accident .	15	Nominative
There 's no need to cover them , unless you want to use netting to keep the birds off .	9	Nominative
It appears you missed some cpys on the referenced list because Tom had the freeze panel button on , and you probably did n't see them at first .	0	Nominative
They are kind of in rank order but as I stated if I find the piece that I like we will purchase it .	0	Nominative
He began to speak as soon as he saw me .	7	Nominative
Once you have met Nigel you will not want to work with anyone else .	5	Nominative
We will try to complete the I/C with the earliest in - service date possible , but with conditions as they are , a realistic date would be June 15 , 2002 .	0	Nominative
If all the controls that you 've selected share the same property setting , that setting appears in the property sheet ; otherwise , that property box is blank .	15	Nominative
Even if you do not have a cat , you can use used kitty litter to deter mice .	9	Nominative
We are following up with Sue and Robbie on a couple legal issues , case law and MSA self - certification language , and let me know if you have additional items .	28	Nominative
It belongs to a past .	0	Nominative
They still would not drive the car with me to show their mpg number .	8	Accusative
You can establish you own rules as to how a player catches the snitch .	0	Nominative
My other MAJOR problem is that he will not get in his crate .	6	Nominative
They compensate for this by creating the impression that they have a lot of friends - they have a ' quantity , not quality ' mentality .	16	Nominative
They can help you and it is close to a train station in Calcutta so check a few big ones ?	0	Nominative
She continues to help me when needed even if I have a service question .	4	Accusative
Your answer does n't do anything but remind me that I 'm going to be $ 25,000 in debt by the time I 'm 22 .	8	Accusative
Since you asked for input , I hope that you do n't mind that I gave you some .	1	Nominative
that the citizen has not that protection of person and property which he is entitled .	12	Nominative
It 's true .	0	Nominative
She would cry from frustration when the older children could do something that she could n't — like tie knots , or catch a chicken .	13	Nominative
Huge selection and , great suggestions from the staff and they refer you to reliable places if they do n't have what you need .	17	Nominative
Comfortable and clean beds , a bit noisy when people were coming in late from a night out , but we did n't mind too much as we were also just coming in from a night out !	20	Nominative
Well first you can try speaking Japanese .	2	Nominative
Also after seeing a handful of bullfights , I can say that they 're a lot more enjoyable if you 're smashed ( BAC >= .15 ) .	8	Nominative
Fine lot these government chaps – are they not ? he went on , speaking English with great precision and considerable bitterness .	15	Nominative
If possible , I think the cleanest way to run this biz would be to put a box around the prime broker biz .	3	Nominative
Leave the straps fastened and twist-tied to the bib when you throw them in the dryer .	12	Accusative
Gaining recognition as an expert in the field , she took those skills back to the Radium Institute along with a small disc of polonium .	9	Nominative
It 's cool ... it 's like another family .	0	Nominative
We took our cat Mitten camping .	0	Nominative
First of if i went alone on a regular cabin how much would you estimate it would be just a guess .	3	Nominative
My heart pounded as I walked down and pounded even faster upon seeing Gerry in an SUV - Lexus !	4	Nominative
With an absent smile to Bray across the room , she took up , for a moment , an abandoned beauty .	10	Nominative
It 's so much fun over there , and I 'm positive that you 'll love it ! :)	9	Nominative
I have not had the patience to get it working - I will call you some evening and we can walk thru it .	22	Accusative
I really enjoyed reading it .	0	Nominative
I finally called Matt from Bonafide and he made the project both easy for us and reasonable .	14	Accusative
Also , I have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go ?	15	Nominative
It is short for San Francisco .	0	Nominative
We hire educated , nice people .	0	Nominative
An old woman with crinkly grey hair woke up at her post outside the lavatory and opened the door , smiling and grasping a filthy cleaning rag .	10	Accusative
But , I guess , it 's a start ...	2	Nominative
They 're all heroes , you know , heroes of the struggle .	2	Nominative
The second-class trading area had been laid out long ago and haphazardly ; shops cropped up suddenly , streets met , the car plunged and rolled .	2	Nominative
Some individuals reported that when they are able to reach the site , all they get is a message stating , " The word scientology means search for truth ... " .	14	Nominative
fill it with water :) lol	1	Accusative
This document , called " Power Problems of a Revolutionary Government , " went back-and-forth , according to Mr Copeland , " between English and Arabic until a final version was produced .	23	Nominative
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	0	Nominative
Bearded dragons are sight hunters , they need to see the food move to trigger a feeding response , especially when they are babies .	21	Nominative
he told me he was going to be the first African at the bar here .	0	Nominative
I think I gained three pounds in my week long cruise .	2	Nominative
it s definitely not you .	4	Nominative
When they see that you ar nt harming them , the will go up on your finger when you say up .	1	Nominative
A few more years may pass before everybody acknowledges that it is a World War , but we are already well into it .	10	Nominative
That is in fact the point of departure we have chosen here and I am very glad all this has been properly understood .	8	Nominative
He said the main aim of the subpoenas will be to determine whether collusion occurred to " fix " prices , which would violate federal trade laws .	0	Nominative
As you know , we are in the process of transferring recordkeeping services from NTRC to Hewitt .	1	Nominative
They kill people .	0	Nominative
It will help them take care of you . ”	3	Accusative
Aunt Petunia was just handing round a box of after-dinner mints when a huge barn owl swooped through the dining room window , dropped a letter on Mrs Mason 's head and swooped out again .	11	Nominative
They are adorable they have beautiful colors and personality .	3	Nominative
I 'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY .	18	Accusative
In spite of his inane malapropisms , he can talk circles around everyone else in the book .	7	Nominative
I ca n't thank you enough .	0	Nominative
All I would regret was his prolonged absence from this House .	1	Nominative
I think the first step is a call between yourself , me , Mark Stubley and Mike Indivero .	9	Accusative
I see that it is a 4 , so that will be no problem .	0	Nominative
Fresh basil not only tastes better than dried , it actually tastes different , almost as if it were not the same herb .	17	Nominative
She gave me amazing pictures at an amazing price and made my wedding day so memorable .	2	Accusative
Well , why do n't we all go , that 's what I want t' know .	5	Nominative
I 'll admit I was n't expecting much from this place , but they really did do a good job .	3	Nominative
And if you have n't heard by now , the roster of suspected terrorists has not a Tom , Dick or Harry among them :	2	Nominative
Do they have this anywhere ?	1	Nominative
We had been evaluating SEO providers for quite some time and finally decided to take the plunge with Stuart , and Ulistic .	0	Nominative
I had a severe phobia of attending the dentist until I met and was treated by Dr Nelson .	10	Nominative
I shopped it around and they were extremely competitive in pricing and also added nitrogen to my tires which should extend the life and get me better gas mileage .	2	Nominative
I waited for her to say more , but she did n't .	0	Nominative
To do this , choose pads ( the flat , oval-shaped sections that make up a cactus ) that are 6 months old or older and cut them at the base .	27	Accusative
A bit of a knee - jerk reaction from me there , and I apologize for my over-generalizations .	9	Accusative
I 'm sorry . Of course I do . Quinn .	0	Nominative
She immediately went to the back , brought out leather cleaner and cleaned my purse on the spot .	0	Nominative
& here I am thinking that I really must be getting old .	6	Nominative
Guess who I saw in Borgin and Burkes ? Harry asked Ron and Hermione as they climbed the Gringotts steps .	2	Nominative
Mr. ARCHIBALD : I mean , at that time , I was 28 ; George would have been 25 or 26 .	10	Nominative
Really enjoyed it .	2	Nominative
are you going to the NYMEX candidate cocktail hour Tuesday ?	1	Nominative
We would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on our home .	0	Nominative
This is why we will be approving the report which has been presented to us .	14	Accusative
Glad I called before I arrived with my box to ship .	4	Nominative
In the motion for a resolution , we have :	7	Nominative
Israel , which receives us impartially , is accustomed to strange arrivals .	4	Accusative
It could be that Auster had so much work he did n't need to advertise .	9	Nominative
It 's an event Mexico hopes will eventually rival the Carnival of Brazil .	0	Nominative
“ We face a lot of competition , and we think transit can help , ” said Joe Sternlieb , president of the Georgetown BID .	9	Nominative
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .	9	Nominative
They lets Dobby get on with it , sir .	8	Nominative
If you need more , there is a proposal from the documentation committee for a new alternative for calculating termination amounts ( we heard about it in Amsterdam ) that I think will be particularly attractive to the energy markets .	25	Accusative
Dobby knows it , sir .	4	Nominative
You are correct , I will make the appropriate changes and give you another review before sending execution papers .	12	Accusative
Therefore , if you are staying overnight in York and arriving by car , make sure that your hotel offers parking before you book .	3	Nominative
A part of him had died , he told his friends , and he did not want it coming back to haunt him .	22	Accusative
What do you guys think .	2	Nominative
Consequently I need to inform you of , and / or require your approval for , the following :	1	Nominative
Separate the colors of Skittles that you want to flavor the vodka with .	6	Nominative
I spent quite a bit because I spoil my little princess .	0	Nominative
At this point , Fred caught his mother 's eye and quickly busied himself with the marmalade .	13	Accusative
For one brief instant Quinn thought , So this is what detective work is like . But other than that he thought nothing .	17	Nominative
He was dehydrated when he got there and lost weight .	4	Nominative
B&B came out very quickly to give us our quote back in June .	7	Accusative
You can make other noises if you prefer , such as a bird cawing or an explosion sound every time a button is pushed .	0	Nominative
You 'll be making radical changes in your work habits , but you 'll be a lot happier for it , and in the end you 'll know it was worth it .	19	Accusative
They came in under a lot of other quotes and now I know why !!!	0	Nominative
How are you ?	2	Nominative
And who are you ?	3	Nominative
Meanwhile , Arthur Levitt has agreed to meet with us in September to brainstorm on the ideas we 've generated and also to give us a sense of some of the issues as he sees them .	24	Accusative
I am ready to meet there at your building or elsewhere that is appropriate .	0	Nominative
If you love seeing the shows , Royal Caribbean was better for the main shows and Carnival was slightly better for the comedians .	1	Nominative
He seemed to understand how important it was for us to make sure the whole house was sprayed so he took his time .	9	Accusative
I found her to be extremely solid , kind , compassionate , and intuitive as well .	2	Accusative
he says : Why you tell me you r in WARWICK TOWNSHIP ?	4	Nominative
I expect it will be determined that , under " Strong Man " Hugo Chavez , Posada could not be guaranteed a fair trial .	0	Nominative
They stopped somewhere to give a man a lift ; he was caught in the lights , hat in hand ; only his clean white shirt had shown on the dark road .	0	Nominative
I am not sure how reliable that is , though .	0	Nominative
When the guys arrived ( 2 hours later than agreed ) they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from Brooklyn and extra $ 100 for them to drive back from your destination .	21	Nominative
This was already a fresh departure for me .	7	Accusative
During their various collaborations , it is not clear who between the two conceived of some stylistic solutions in the arrangements that later on characterised both artists ' style .	5	Nominative
Who would have thought that a former American account executive could write :	9	Nominative
Auster led him to the living room , gave him a frayed upholstered chair to sit in , and then went off to the kitchen to fetch some beer .	5	Nominative
She worked with us for over a year , helping us find our perfect home .	3	Accusative
He gives you a hooded look .	0	Nominative
Because he spent no more than five or six months on a novel , for the rest of the year he was free to do as he wished .	20	Nominative
When he tried to call again , he could no longer get a dial tone .	1	Nominative
I 'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually , I 'm sure I do n't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me .	0	Nominative
They will be there by noon on the 20th , and the surgery will last 1.5 hours and then they 'll watch him for 2 more hours before they put him into ICU .	0	Nominative
I was there when they did a free raffle in August and I won a hard drive !	0	Nominative
They 're guaranteed to be light and fluffy and perfect for any occasion .	0	Nominative
Otherwise , I think you have captured the points excellently .	2	Nominative
The apartment loomed up around him as a kind of blur .	5	Accusative
He told himself to stay calm .	0	Nominative
I tell them : why not just go with these guys ?	2	Accusative
I 'm hearing some pretty depressing stuff from the people I know at ENE .	0	Nominative
They said he had caused the fire in some way ; be that as it may , he was screeching most horribly .	17	Nominative
Also after seeing a handful of bullfights , I can say that they 're a lot more enjoyable if you 're smashed ( BAC >= .15 ) .	12	Nominative
Ok so i spoke to the vet and he said the give him white rice and boiled chicken but only a little at a time .	2	Nominative
Will you please run a June NX3 / NX1 for our book .	1	Nominative
Seventeen-year-olds sleep on friends ’ couches , I know .	7	Nominative
Dr. Fortier , an orthodontist , learned there was at least one polar bear in the central region of Baffin Island in July 2001 when he felt what he thought was a dog leaning on his tent wall .	25	Nominative
We could change the language of the POA to this ...	0	Nominative
Gasping for breath she pulled a large clothes brush out of her bag and began sweeping off the soot Hagrid had n't managed to beat away .	11	Accusative
I wonder if I could talk to you . It 's quite important .	0	Nominative
I graduate in the spring , and so we 'd like to go between then and winter .	0	Nominative
Arthur and I have been worried about you , too .	2	Nominative
The owner warned me that it was the best salsa I would ever had , and he was right .	16	Nominative
The young Hasid recoils when the tray is handed to me .	10	Accusative
I was there when they did a free raffle in August and I won a hard drive !	4	Nominative
John , sorry for the late response , but I think you can implement immediately .	11	Nominative
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	20	Nominative
" I study history in school , " I said .	1	Nominative
How did executive types ever learn of such things ?	2	Nominative
Ask around to see what they 've been saying about you .	5	Nominative
I realize that some were not signed by the artist but it is an important fact in my buying decision .	11	Nominative
' Well , let us say three months before we can make a start .	9	Nominative
You wo n’t work , you wo n’t party , you ’ll be defriended by every one of your tribes .	5	Nominative
We hypothesized that the children , who were over the age of six at the time of collection , would have adult-like SI interpretations .	0	Nominative
Yes , it 's a valid reflection of America - we do have cities like this .	10	Nominative
And when they come back , too ? I asked .	2	Nominative
All I can say is that I am glad I went in !	9	Nominative
If it becomes apparent that you cannot open either of your two parachutes , or that for some other reason they are fatally non-functional , then the following steps may be of some minor assistance .	5	Nominative
Please provide me your thoughts asap .	2	Accusative
The units may only work for a short time because mice can become used to them . [ 4 ]	15	Accusative
This document , called " Power Problems of a Revolutionary Government , " went back-and-forth , according to Mr Copeland , " between English and Arabic until a final version was produced .	16	Nominative
One of the students indicated that he is interested in a summer internship .	6	Nominative
Another senior Al Qaeda member ( a shura or policy - making council member no less ) was working for the Egyptian intelligence services and he confirmed the report in a sworn lengthy confession .	25	Nominative
She is going to be a kinesiologist , sports injury therapist .	0	Nominative
I will bear in mind however , as these debates are of especial interest to me , that Spain has been particularly affected .	0	Nominative
It is easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sings : " I 've got a feeling , a feeling I ca n't hide ... " in front of Yoko in the film .	0	Nominative
They did a very bad job with my hair and were extremely rude when I went back to ask them why it did n't work for my hair .	21	Nominative
they puff out to look bigger and badder and they can scratch you a lil if u r holding them to tight :)	0	Nominative
The results of the fourth phase of the Objective 2 programme , whose priority is job creation , are relatively pleasing .	12	Nominative
Then she lets go and falls .	1	Nominative
He 's been waiting for you since eight o'clock .	0	Nominative
by the way , buy it now b/c it is going to 100 by year end .	5	Accusative
These three little ones do n't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice Dad , but I 'm sure they 'll find out soon .	22	Nominative
My mom told me how to tame them and I was very happy with the results .	3	Accusative
Let me know what 's happening as soon as you can , love from Hermione .	1	Accusative
I would strongly suggest " The Breakfast Club " in Chicago .	0	Nominative
Please let me know what time would work for you .	2	Accusative
i do n't even like a&m , i would n't bet on them .	12	Accusative
Mike one of owners was awesome , he explained the detailed plan , and executed on time , I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .	37	Nominative
Three hours is n't far , but you are doing multiple shows .	7	Nominative
Do you feel safer ?	1	Nominative
We were n’t going to touch on her dress , or who she was dating .	0	Nominative
Pettigrew was hailed by someone , and Bray and the woman were left facing each other like the dancers ;	14	Nominative
They have undoubtedly recognized their failure in the Arab world and may even be preparing to reopen diplomatic relations with Israel .	8	Nominative
i think it could have been done in a much more cost efficient way , right here on bad - old - planet - earth .	0	Nominative
Eventually when he found his brother he had resolution .	2	Nominative
Its architecture , tree-lined boulevards and relaxed pace make it one of the highlights of Iran .	9	Accusative
His appearance was certainly that of a hairdresser 's dummy ; but in the great demoralization of the land he kept up his appearance .	19	Nominative
With your help , we know she can do it !!	6	Nominative
It is best to play it safe with wats and other sacred sites in Thailand ;	0	Nominative
I 'm assuming it 's to scare off predators / like how they will puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies .	12	Nominative
It will help inspire young people to the adventure of space and to the excitement of a career in science , technology , engineering and math . "	0	Nominative
I am on Yahoo !	0	Nominative
When she scraped her knees bloody on the stones , she refused to cry .	10	Nominative
I admit that , Commissioner , and also thank the Commission for improving its proposal compared to the original text .	0	Nominative
If this is the best that Tucson has to offer , I am out ta here ...	11	Nominative
It will take me a little while to read the whole thing , but I rarely agree with a John Paul Stevens opinion .	14	Nominative
" They are not going to rush it , because they do n't want it to be a budget buster .	1	Nominative
If you are in town and need that kind of space I say stay here but if you are looking for a little more upscale affair do n't let the pictures fool you and book somewhere else .	11	Nominative
Zacarias Moussaoui , never the sharpest tool in the shed and thought by his superiors to be unreliable , has told the judge at his trial in a filing that he wants " anthrax for Jew sympathizer only . "	30	Nominative
Even if you line up .	2	Nominative
They gave me the run around and missing paperwork only to call back to tell me someone else wanted her and I would need to come in and put down a deposit .	15	Accusative
At the 131st , below her , is the old Stock Exchange , hung upside-down now as a hipster den .	5	Accusative
It 's okay if it 's a little pricier .	0	Nominative
I 'll be in Portland but can call you .	0	Nominative
They are a big part of our family .	0	Nominative
You would be violating the law .	0	Nominative
try to train him to heel , which means to walk round you before he needs to go on a leash , and he may do that .	23	Nominative
If you have received it in error , please notify the sender immediately and delete the original .	1	Nominative
It has been a pleasure to meet with you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future .	8	Accusative
We have the technology ; if you are going to spend billions of dollars touting " FREEDOM " why not spend those billions making all of us free ?	0	Nominative
I was listening to her breath .	0	Nominative
I think he did it on purpose because of my simple request for another slice of grandma that was n't so well - done ( actually , burnt ) .	0	Nominative
In Tulsa you will find old west charm as well as a cosmopolitan atmosphere .	2	Nominative
I decided to get a 150 gal aquarium , what can I fill it with ?	0	Nominative
She says that about me , to my mother .	0	Nominative
I was extremely interested in the car and very likely would have bought it , but the sales guy I dealt with ruined the deal .	0	Nominative
You will not believe your own eyes .	0	Nominative
You say I cook chicken , is n't it ?	2	Nominative
Some reporters ( you know , the ones with journalistic ethics ) have actually uncovered the truth about George Bush 's service in the Texas Air National Guard .	3	Nominative
I have written a lot recently about healing the self so today here are a few words on healing our collective body , mind and soul .	0	Nominative
you can check it out : los angeles online dating	0	Nominative
Take a sieve , line it with a piece of cheesecloth ( muslin ) or a coffee filter , place above a large jug and pour the vodka through slowly .	5	Accusative
I wonder whether they are in the debate this evening .	0	Nominative
Then he went into the kitchen , ate a bowl of cornflakes , and smoked another cigarette .	1	Nominative
I avoided a vast artificial hole somebody had been digging on the slope , the purpose of which I found it impossible to divine .	0	Nominative
Harry could n't believe it – he was free .	6	Nominative
I asked them to change it but they rudely said that it was okay .	0	Nominative
He was trying to buddy with Archibald and impress him .	9	Accusative
( Her voice mail says she 's out of the office until Monday . )	5	Nominative
Adam Auerbach served in an electronic-warfare unit and was returning from a military action when the helicopter in which he was flying crashed .	19	Nominative
They fixed the queso !	0	Nominative
He retraced his path along 107th Street , turned left on Broadway , and began walking uptown , looking for a suitable place to eat .	9	Nominative
The sitting was suspended at 11.25 a.m. until voting time at 11.30 a.m. .	8	Nominative
You are knowledgeable , professional , gentel and kind .	0	Nominative
They have towed car for me a few times and I am always very satisfied with this services .	0	Nominative
Are you prepared to handle absolute power ?	1	Nominative
He could have shown much greater leadership in pushing for tax reform , regulatory reform , and school choice .	0	Nominative
I know by your pyjama trousers , I use exactly the same measurement for new elastic as I always did .	17	Nominative
They have a land area larger than either the US or all of Europe .	0	Nominative
I think that it is a great idea to get some press regarding our fundamental operating standards , but I wonder about the most appropriate timing , enough of a global message and the means of delivery .	19	Nominative
I try to say it every time as if it was the first time I said it .	4	Accusative
That band is involved in a local competition which promises a $ 5000 first prize , which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started .	26	Accusative
We too , are open to suggestion as the Global and Enron relationships are very important and a high priority to us .	0	Nominative
The invoice is not detailed , so it is difficult to see what you are paying for .	7	Nominative
Annoying , you know , to hold your own coat like a parasol over a man 's head while he is coming-to .	19	Nominative
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand , i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube .	18	Nominative
They do n't let just anybody do it .	0	Nominative
Our unit reeks of old cigarette smoke and it started to become apparent a few weeks after we moved in .	8	Nominative
They asked us things that we would have never have thought of , and took extra time to meet with us when we needed it before the wedding .	22	Nominative
I 'm looking after Colonel Bray , no need to bother him .	0	Nominative
I tried two years ago to initiate a pilot scheme to send local people away for training in broadcasting techniques –	0	Nominative
I called and got the same runaround on hold and noone calls you back .	0	Nominative
We welcome the introduction of conditional clauses for the second payment .	0	Nominative
I do n't know about this ... but the pale Cockney who was teaching him to take over his job said , That 's okay , chum , it 's our ole friend Mr. Kabata .	14	Accusative
Two empty coffee cups sat on the table between them .	9	Accusative
It was the fault of the parts supplier , and can we imagine how he felt having to put another 2 hours of work in the car .	11	Nominative
" I ca n't do that , we have n't enough for them , " she says .	12	Accusative
I brought a car in to have the " check engine " light diagnosed back in March of 2010 .	0	Nominative
Still I passed through several abandoned villages .	1	Nominative
You must n't forget I 've got help , she said .	9	Nominative
So I checked it out with the U.S. Post Office ( 1-800-238-5355 ) and they confirmed that it is indeed legal !!	3	Accusative
They also do banners , billboards and lots more .	0	Nominative
I know when is eat-e chicken , I know when is eat-e beef .	7	Nominative
After a good few minutes , he asked : " what do you want ? "	6	Nominative
Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see .	10	Nominative
If you feel this guy is worth it then I hope your vet can figure things out .	9	Nominative
Feel that you 're sitting there in complete peace , right on top of the world .	2	Nominative
Not the smartest move to take off on a worldly adventure if you 've never traveled before and you do n't put where you would be traveling from .	12	Nominative
I understand you may not have credit approval yet so perhaps we can leave the appropriate sections blank in the meantime .	0	Nominative
The one department of life that may not quite be as hopeful as you 'd like could be your career , where advancement may be slow and satisfaction rare .	13	Nominative
Would n't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves , or to talk their sons into doing it , if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor ?	11	Accusative
But my work would not begin till some two hundred miles farther on . So as soon as I could I made a start for a place thirty miles higher up .	20	Nominative
mm it depends on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him in .. atleast as far as i 'm concerned .	1	Nominative
I think she likes her special room in your house .	0	Nominative
If someone wanted to re-record a chapter because they did n't like the speaker , would you then offer two versions ?	16	Nominative
Surgery visit timings were always made to suit me and not them and they gave me the feeling that I mattered and was important to them .	25	Accusative
You can apply a filter to a row or column field to show the top or bottom n items based on a total .	17	Nominative
This may take some time , but it 's worth the effort if you can attract a wild mouse eater to your yard . [ 6 ]	13	Nominative
I started to write down my dreams .	0	Nominative
I have 5 sisters and so including my mom ... he is the only guy in a house of six females .	0	Nominative
He would drink one for several months and then switch , for similar good reasons ( it was more digestible , it was less likely to produce an after-thirst ) to another .	31	Nominative
According to Wilkins , Warhol was able to reproduce the Polaroid photograph and create an enlargement of it , which he then could use to commit the image to the silk screen medium by applying paint or manipulating them further .	20	Nominative
In the street – I do n't know why – a queer feeling came to me that I was an impostor .	15	Accusative
How can we arrange it ?	2	Nominative
At no time during the conversation did the words , " I 'm sorry " ever come out of his mouth .	11	Nominative
( It 's indoors and outdoors ! )	1	Nominative
I am missing Deal No. 74419 on your sheet .	0	Nominative
People goggled through the bars at him as he lay , starving and weak , on a bed of straw .	8	Nominative
We called our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it taken care of .	6	Accusative
We are following up with Sue and Robbie on a couple legal issues , case law and MSA self - certification language , and let me know if you have additional items .	0	Nominative
I saw this place and it looked like the HOLY GRAIL .	5	Nominative
This VERIFIES that you are truly providing a service .	3	Nominative
By flooding himself with externals , by drowning himself out of himself , he had managed to exert some small degree of control over his fits of despair .	2	Accusative
It was pretty epic as I remember and would love to send my friend there .	5	Nominative
I got him from the new labour exchange – I thought , well , let 's try it , so they send him along , five years ' experience , everything fine .	9	Nominative
It is a place in Argentina lol	0	Nominative
He did n't mention anything about it .	6	Accusative
So you have imagination , you have total freedom , you can invent characters , you can invent all kind of development and surprises and this kind of end of story or another .	10	Nominative
We look forward to what the Commission has to say but I would sound a note of warning .	11	Nominative
' Ah ! So they talk of him down there , he murmured to himself .	7	Accusative
We had a lot of colonies containing a lot of ants , and wherever possible we conducted the experiment blind .	15	Nominative
China we have current data already	1	Nominative
One poster admitted to being a part of the effort , writing in a blog post " I have myself , as per instructions , loaded up Gigaloader and started bombarding the Scientology homepage .	17	Nominative
Which one should i get ?	3	Nominative
I 'm very happy with the piano lessons Mrs. Lynda Mcmanus taught me .	12	Accusative
i handle him every few days .	0	Nominative
I assume his actual reason is that he 's worried that Berkshire Hathaway just ca n't grow quickly enough to justify his usual charity policy .	0	Nominative
Action Network is a BBC website for people who are taking action on issues that concern them .	16	Accusative
If something happens that I 'm not able to participate I 'll let you know .	10	Nominative
Which I then realized I missed .	4	Nominative
I would personally put him somewhere else .	0	Nominative
Do you raid terrorist headquarters , hidden in a mental hospital ?	1	Nominative
With going outside , put the leash on and just take him for a walk .	11	Accusative
To bring a little more light to the world is what I want , out of all of this .	11	Nominative
All of us as MEPs are small employers too .	0	Nominative
Do you think he 's teething ?	1	Nominative
How can we license individual operators if we do not make that separation ?	2	Nominative
I 'll talk to you later .	0	Nominative
The band I started in 1993 , Spoken Motion , received a lot of recognition as a spoken word band born out of the New York spoken word scene .	2	Nominative
He could n't say how long it had been .	0	Nominative
NASA is looking to private companies to launch both supplies and astronauts to the International Space Station , it announced this week .	18	Nominative
Either create a link between the page and a connection file by setting the ConnectionFile property , or edit the ConnectionString property .	18	Nominative
Aside from that little * mystery * , one of the sales ladies was quite comfortable telling me how wrong I was about how another dress that I loved compared to one of her dresses that I was trying on .	17	Accusative
She waggled her fingers , sticky from the marshmallow , and her husband took his handkerchief from his pocket and gave it to her .	2	Accusative
The world was outside of him , around him , before him , and the speed with which it kept changing made it impossible for him to dwell on any one thing for very long .	11	Accusative
The house they had bought , filled with possessions that had been stored all the years they were in Africa , the garden they had made , spoke for them .	16	Nominative
Many people at Enron already have this type of chair , but we rarely , if ever , have a surplus because they are so popular .	12	Nominative
You can also sometimes find someone who owns a pet snake .	0	Nominative
In the immortal words of Marilyn Monroe , " If you can make a woman laugh , you can make her do anything " ( do n't worry , ladies — the same is true for men ! )	17	Nominative
I prefer to devote most of my remarks to the broader picture of the region and its place in world events .	0	Nominative
She sort of appologized for Dan taking the day off to go skiing - but he could do the repair on Sunday !	15	Nominative
Bray 's ears were filled with the strange echoes of exhaustion and , stoked up by the hot lunch , his body threatened to suffocate him with waves of heat .	25	Accusative
As he turned the question over in his mind , it occurred to him that he no longer had an opinion .	1	Nominative
There are no other requirements other than we ask that members greet each new member and each new alliance and also feel free to post in any of the forums .	7	Nominative
as far as pre order go to and they have a list of major retailers that carry it there are also a few websites that you could order it off of .	17	Accusative
You will also have to be wary of mold forming on any toys or hide - aways he may have .	0	Nominative
So I just needed to know if it is a suitable place to live in and in what ways .	1	Nominative
We have to leave him at the vet for 3 days and I was told to call for check ups as often as I wished that no matter how many times I called I would not annoy them .	4	Accusative
it is in karol bagh .	0	Nominative
Roly rang up to see if he had arrived , and explained again – he had done so in advance by letter – that he had an official lunch to attend .	6	Nominative
Depending on the adjusters , you may be able to leave them a little loose too .	5	Nominative
I should have asked for a jury .	0	Nominative
maybe a back brase will help , sometimes my back really gets to me and i 've thought about getting one .	15	Nominative
I look forward to seeing you all there .	5	Accusative
Sometimes it is not worth it to go through that kind of staff and their personal attitude to get to a doctor .	5	Nominative
I ca n't imagine they wanted to do this .	0	Nominative
We 'll do whatever you want want if you still are coming !	0	Nominative
Fried rice has NO flavor , it literally taste like water .	6	Nominative
I have recently been made aware of a help desk analyst job # 0000108806 that has become available in your department .	0	Nominative
It 's okay if it 's a little pricier .	4	Nominative
We envision a format that would provide a brief summary and analysis of the order , filing , etc. with a link to the source document as well for those who would like more detailed information .	0	Nominative
Some , I heard , got drowned in the surf ; but whether they did or not , nobody seemed particularly to care .	13	Nominative
He has encyclopedic knowledge of hundreds of different Supreme Court cases , and he can recite details from memory .	0	Nominative
In the following example , Year is the outer field and Salesperson is the inner field .	11	Nominative
If you want a boy the cere ( the nostrils piece above the beak ) must be blue .	1	Nominative
why do you think they are mean ?	4	Nominative
She ’s a strawberry blonde , slim , her skin blank and virginal as new butter .	0	Nominative
What do you think about your phone ocnversation with Unlce Ben ( he was almost shocked ) ?	12	Nominative
Paul Kaufman has asked me to set a conference call to review the FERC Meeting that was held Thursday , Nov. 9th .	4	Accusative
Ironically sometimes it is wise to newly picked eggs in fresh tap water with some chlorination to kill microscopic critters that ride in with the eggs .	2	Nominative
He took out his wallet and removed the five-hundred-dollar check that Virginia Stillman had written two weeks earlier .	0	Nominative
The first concerns the proposal that would prevent political groups being formed of Members from one country only .	2	Nominative
Have both of the teams turn around and have the referee throw it into the grass or pitch while the teams are n't looking .	12	Accusative
I gave the woman I spoke with today a " You 've been yelped ! " card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna .	10	Nominative
This tactic of letters is not merely the modus operandi of these militant islamists inspired by Zawahiri , it is their signature .	18	Nominative
We REALLY enjoyed our balcony -- coffee in the mornings , drinks at night , standing outside when docking and leaving port -- however , it is quite a bit more expensive .	0	Nominative
Notice that each tag set has both start and end tags and is case sensitive , and that the tag sets are properly nested within each other .	26	Nominative
We have to leave him at the vet for 3 days and I was told to call for check ups as often as I wished that no matter how many times I called I would not annoy them .	33	Nominative
I ordered the MOO SHU pork and it was great ..	0	Nominative
Please let me know what time we could meet .	2	Accusative
His first wife died of cancer about ten years ago and he has married again .	11	Nominative
We need responses or direction by no later than COB on Monday , October 30 , 2000 .	0	Nominative
We are smiling , both of us .	0	Nominative
$ 300 m - Amount cut from the federal programme that provides subsidies to poor families so they can heat their homes .	17	Nominative
Seriously , I talked this morning with Tom Hall and we agreed that Ecogas would pay him $ 53,000 .	16	Accusative
The attention is the main point made in this study , since it is fundamental to the learning process and be recurring complaint among parents and teachers in schools .	12	Nominative
Let me know if one of you could help me do this .	1	Accusative
I have a new born daughter and she helped me with a lot .	9	Accusative
after finding the car i wanted they took the time to go over each step and making it as painless as possible .	6	Nominative
Business Case : If we offered Dean 55 k or 60 k it would still constitute a over a $ 10,000 increase ( approximately 25 % ) and taking into consideration he was rated as satisfactory at the specialist level .	4	Nominative
My kid is making wonderful grades and has reassured me she will graduate within the four year period .	10	Nominative
You wo n't be offended ? "	4	Nominative
Once he is more comfy with his surroundings , then you can start handling him and getting to know each other more .	1	Nominative
I really want to like this place since I work right around the corner .	8	Nominative
They offer a good portions at a great price , it 's enough food to fill you up , but you do n't ever feel like you ate too much .	20	Nominative
I have used them once and will use them in the future .	3	Accusative
Quinn wanted to drop the conversation right there , but something in him persisted .	12	Accusative
Go in and you will not think you are in Chesapeake .	3	Nominative
When they land , they strike other particles which may be jerked into the air in their turn , starting a chain reaction .	1	Nominative
Already I 'm considering future projects , and I can assure you that for my printing needs I will be choosing no other than Atlanta Paperback Book Printing .	1	Nominative
If you 're going to Seoul , then you should also visit a specific place called , ' The Namsan Tower ' !	8	Nominative
This place had the worst tasting pizza I have ever tasted it was possible the worst food I 've ever eaten .	11	Nominative
If you would be so kind , could you possibly let me know of your status over the next couple of days ?	1	Nominative
They actually itemized it as a DISPOSAL fee .	3	Accusative
So before hand I kinda knew about him , but I never met him .	13	Accusative
We affirm freedom of conscience in this matter .	0	Nominative
In the Beatles ' song " Get Back " they advise black Joe to " get back to where you once belonged " , as if England was not a place for black people .	19	Nominative
Anticipating a difficulty , I ask the stewardess to serve me a kosher lunch .	10	Accusative
I use them for my restaurant and always get compliments on the sleek look of the mac system not to mention how good the support is .	2	Accusative
I just wanted to know if you had any thoughts on recent NATO actions and the protests coming up at the 60th NATO conference , I know you ’re speaking at the counter-conference .	27	Nominative
Spiritually and culturally important to Moriori , it holds the last known concentration of momori-rakau , or tree carvings done by the ancestors of today 's Moriori .	7	Nominative
You CAN Do It .	0	Nominative
best quote ever My gate was stuck halfway open so I called A CLASS Garage Doors Dr Services .	10	Nominative
Which , I might add is the same foot that keeps crumbling with the nails .	2	Nominative
I do hold a HHa certificate in the state of NY but I looking to move to Delaware anyone know how I can get certified in delaware ?	12	Nominative
When i say jiu - jitsu or mma i mean it !	8	Nominative
The locations of referenced files are specified in the References dialog box that is available from the References command on the Tools menu in the Visual Basic Editor .	3	Nominative
If you graduated you were assigned a fighter , if you were not quite fighter pilot material you had no response to fly another aircraft , you were washed out .	17	Nominative
What I saw was dozens of school buses submerged that could have been used to evacuate people who had no transportation .	1	Nominative
I 'll be in Portland but can call you .	8	Accusative
He was referred to me by a friend , who did n't have the best experience with Ted , but said that Ted was able to make up for his lack of preparedness at the end .	0	Nominative
The car was approaching , was carrying him through the market quarter of the town .	7	Accusative
I am sorry to own I began to worry them .	0	Nominative
You informed me that you would discuss this with your attorney .	4	Nominative
Wish I knew what he was up to , said Fred , frowning .	1	Nominative
it is to late for me to add changes .	0	Nominative
Let us say there has been an attempt to put technical make-up on the political face .	1	Accusative
If you are interested in attending please e-mail me as soon as possible .	8	Accusative
I have many friends that have laptops bought in the UK that use them here	0	Nominative
So can somebody please list ALL of the food that includes the game pieces , and the number of game pieces you get with THAT FOOD !	21	Nominative
I went on along Fleet Street , but could not shake off the idea .	0	Nominative
He has returned from a voyage , he is out in the sun shining from the hills of Moab , he is drinking aquavit with a dear friend , looking over at Mount Zion .	7	Nominative
Against all his expectations , it was a book he himself had written – Suicide Squeeze by William Wilson , the first of the Max Work novels .	15	Nominative
I leave it to you as homework to figure out what Spain or France would have done , in such a situation .	2	Nominative
I just do nt want to freak him out or make him feel uncomfortable .	7	Accusative
Mr Kedourie doubts that he needed " to call on the resources of American political science for such lessons in tyranny ?	2	Nominative
I felt my coat tugged at , and tugged again , and at last I looked around .	0	Nominative
He 's pretty much an " I love American Food , good drinks on occasion , laid back . " kind of guy . ;)	6	Nominative
Have patience with him , you just got him and who knows how he was treated before you brought him home .	8	Accusative
My perspective is entirely based on what I see , on what I read and on the fact that my family has lived in this region for almost 200 years .	7	Nominative
We now return you to your regularly scheduled programming ....	0	Nominative
He had wanted to take in the details of what he was seeing , but the task was somehow beyond him at that moment .	0	Nominative
First of all , if you call for an appointment they wo n't tell you to call back a month later so you can then make one .	10	Nominative
Mookie 's good , but he 's raw , and they ca n't even decide who to put in right .	5	Nominative
as far as pre order go to and they have a list of major retailers that carry it there are also a few websites that you could order it off of .	25	Nominative
They vehemently protested the Israeli assassination of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin , the leader of Hamas , last March .	0	Nominative
He rose from his seat , excused himself to Quinn , and walked quickly towards the door .	7	Accusative
I highly recommend that you do not use coiled / compact UVB bulbs as they are known to cause severe eye damage and / or blindness in reptiles not to mention they have trouble maintaining UVB output over time .	4	Nominative
John somehow obtained Polish seaman 's papers , and for several years he worked in the engine rooms of German freighters .	12	Nominative
Another report from the cliff made me think suddenly of that ship of war I had seen firing into a continent .	6	Accusative
But then again he could be !	3	Nominative
Maybe one day they will allow space tourism , ( hopefully that will be in the near future ) although I would recommend that NASA build new shuttles instead of trying to preserve the older ones .	20	Nominative
Had to keep in mind that the A / C broke , I feel bad it was their opening !	15	Nominative
She deserves many 5 star reviews !!	0	Nominative
My Snake 's meal is TOO big , what can I do ?	10	Nominative
He 's still rideable currently and not having many issues under saddle .	0	Nominative
I 'll get you the announcement .	0	Nominative
He says , " This I never heard of .	5	Nominative
As soon as the trays are removed , the Hasidim block the aisles with their Minchah service , rocking themselves and stretching their necks upward .	19	Accusative
Well then I went on a trip to Glasgow and was walking around .	2	Nominative
Picture yourself sitting on a warm , tropical beach basking in the glow of the sun ... .	1	Accusative
and it will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places , i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go . :D	27	Nominative
If you find yourself being pulled off into the depths of daydreams , set a period of time to do nothing but work .	1	Nominative
I ventured to hint that the Company was run for profit .	0	Nominative
Why did you decide to create wikiHow ?	2	Nominative
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	6	Nominative
We never had to worry about a thing , and they led the way the whole time .	0	Nominative
It is exceptionally rich in minerals , containing large deposits of gold , diamonds , and ores of manganese , lead , zinc , nickel , cobalt and molybdenum .	0	Nominative
For example , if you export a table of Customers Orders , you can also choose to export a related Orders Details table and Customers table into the same file .	0	Nominative
However , he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect Enron 's interests .	2	Nominative
Everything except the display worked fine before I took it in .	7	Nominative
This company is way too expensive with nothing to show for it .	11	Accusative
It provided routes for trade , colonisation , and war , as well as food ( from fishing and the gathering of other seafood ) for numerous communities throughout the ages .	0	Nominative
I 'm American and I am going to the UK for the first time , what should I expect ?	0	Nominative
On one order , we needed it rushed and shipped to a different state .	6	Nominative
Thank you Ana I hope to see you in the future under better circumstances .	1	Accusative
The European Union put a new and revised banana regime in place on 1 January 1999 .	13	Nominative
The portions were generous enough that we even took some home !	6	Nominative
Annoying , you know , to hold your own coat like a parasol over a man 's head while he is coming-to .	0	Nominative
I can meet around 10:00 .	0	Nominative
I ca nt speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us ( the patient ) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you .	37	Accusative
Now I 'm the youngest and I just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it 's a good thing ?	13	Nominative
What would you get if you cross a sussex male and a silkie female ?	5	Nominative
Overall , it is not a good solution , but you can keep him healthy and pull it off if you take the time to give him the extra care he will need because of it .	30	Nominative
First and Last time we 'll eat there	4	Nominative
You will feel a growing sense of pride as you visually monitor your ever-diminishing list of projects .	9	Nominative
I 'm a soccer mom so I was n't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear .	11	Nominative
I know that I have the possibility of treating him and still having to put him down .	0	Nominative
As long as you are a gentleman and treat them with respect they wo n't have any problem talking with you and your nationality will have nothing to do with how they treat you .	3	Nominative
A bus that runs through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her , but I could n't do it .	8	Nominative
If using a t-shirt to strain , be sure fabric softener or a dryer sheet had not been used with it , lets you get some extra ( unwanted ) flavoring ( and potentially toxic chemicals ) .	23	Nominative
Not only had he been sent back to the beginning , he was now before the beginning , and so far before the beginning that it was worse than any end he could imagine .	31	Nominative
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone .	21	Nominative
' When you see Mr. Kurtz , he went on , tell him from me that everything here – he glanced at the desk – is very satisfactory .	1	Nominative
He was trying to buddy with Archibald and impress him .	0	Nominative
I have also had an 80 yr old that I take of sent to the ER and long stays in the hospital .	0	Nominative
They , however , did n't seem to be missing him at all .	0	Nominative
I came in for alterations ( free , by the way ) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse .	14	Accusative
I have a Kodak Camera ( 10.2 Megapixels ) ... Kodak AF 5x OPTICAL LENS ... how do I pause it while recording ?	20	Nominative
Unfortunately , Mr. Lay will be in San Jose , CA participating in a conference , where he is a speaker , on June 14 .	17	Nominative
Like you said " the kids egg him on " .	7	Accusative
St François if you go at the eastern point of Guadeloupe , you will reach La Pointe des Chateaux , a scenery made of sand and rocks which have vaguely the shape of a castle .	3	Nominative
I have also looked at the photo galleries for an inside look at the decor of the restaurants and I have narrowed it down to three establishments .	0	Nominative
When you have a minute , I 'll give me a call and I 'll come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel .	13	Nominative
I have ordered Bose Headfones worth 300 USD .	0	Nominative
If they ask how much I 'm willing to pay , what is a good price range ?	5	Nominative
either way you also need to keep an eye on the temperature if you are using a dry fish tank as UV lights in my experience up the temperature significantly and without proper ventilation it can become an oven .	34	Nominative
I look forward to your feedback on the GISB .	0	Nominative
Could you tell me what deal tickets you are seeing ?	7	Nominative
Sunlight streaming in through a high window opposite her lit up the fine hairs on her arm , the embroidered flowers on the collar of her white shirt .	8	Accusative
The Sunni AMS told Iraqis , " You sinned when you participated with occupation forces in the assault on Najaf , and beware lest you repeat this same sin in Fallujah .	10	Nominative
You do find the ' get the number hop in bed with her ' but be aware that they usually have a reputation as sluts .	0	Nominative
Her grant for the life saving treatments she needs has run out , and we need to help her to continue to receive these treatments .	18	Accusative
Get masking tape or packing tape and tape screws and other little things that came out of something back against it .	20	Nominative
Fill it halfway with books , and fill it up with lighter stuff .	1	Accusative
I must say , I was impressed with the size of the bar area and lounge , & I liked that you could see the brewery right thru the glass !	0	Nominative
If you do add all the entities , does that mean that we would not need to put in place a separate agreement for ECCL ?	1	Nominative
would it help getting an aquarium cage or a plastic see through box so it ca nt escape i can buy it a wheel	1	Nominative
When I said yes to Mweta I knew it and every time I walk past the title on my office door I know it .	12	Nominative
Seeking common ground with my wife ( a laudable desire ) , he tells her that he too is Rumanian by origin .	12	Nominative
The passionate beginning , the long openness and understanding between them should have meant that she would know what he wanted .	10	Accusative
They , above – the Council in Europe , you know – mean him to be .	13	Accusative
Pay extra attention to the appetizers - the next time I go there I 'm planning on ordered a few instead of an entree .	10	Nominative
Nida then sets forth the differences in translation , as he would account for it , within three basic factors :	10	Nominative
If you want easy then go with a gold fish or hamster .	1	Nominative
Mrs Weasley fussed over the state of his socks and tried to force him to eat fourth helpings at every meal .	13	Accusative
It does seem that Iranians frequently make statements and then hide behind lack of proof .	0	Nominative
I always went my own road and on my own legs where I had a mind to go .	0	Nominative
" I smacked them around . "	3	Accusative
Once in a fever I heard thousands of birds outside my window and I was terrified that they would fling themselves through the glass and attack me , but it was only the rain on the eaves .	17	Nominative
The service is great and during weekends it tends to get busy , but the wait is worthwhile .	7	Nominative
From either of those cities , you can venture out and spend a day in the country .	6	Nominative
Let us be honest .	1	Accusative
It s important to their religion that they only consume Halal food .	7	Nominative
If he does n't seem interested in them at all I would say he 's just not hungry .	7	Accusative
Abby is our beloved friend , and we are trying to raise money for her any way we can , so this prize money is important to help her continue to receive her life - saving treatments .	14	Accusative
Harry knew instantly that this was what had been watching him out of the garden hedge that morning .	14	Nominative
As a result of the conquest of Afghanistan and Iraq , both Iran and Syria are now totally surrounded by territories unfriendly to them .	23	Accusative
If you want to take it a step further , look around questioningly at everyone in the elevator when no one gets off at the floors you pushed . [ 1 ]	1	Nominative
that deal is making like it wants to close and the traders scheduled a 430 call to wrap it up	18	Accusative
I 've booked Videoconference Room # 1 .	0	Nominative
However , do not purchase tickets until it is a done deal - a lesson I learned following the Ark game last season .	7	Nominative
Let 's discuss .	1	Accusative
So the mites do n’t see them when they jump .	8	Nominative
Keep in mind though that if you end up failing I will not let you forget it ( and , as we have established , I have the memory of an elephant ) .	16	Accusative
But like i said nothing ever came of It .. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up ..	33	Nominative
Do you want me to send the invoices to you ?	9	Accusative
If you want chocolate cupcakes , add cocoa ( about 1/2 cup ) to this stage .	1	Nominative
It resulted , however , in the abandonment of important pieces of heavy artillery , and it remains a matter of historical debate why the railway to Flensburg was never properly used for the evacuation .	0	Nominative
Quinn suspected that Stillman 's red notebook contained answers to the questions that had been accumulating in his mind , and he began to plot various stratagems for stealing it from the old man .	21	Nominative
I just hope that I will be invited to the opening ceremony because we worked damned hard to get it .	4	Nominative
The desk agent actually argued with me , claiming that no such alarm had gone off ( as if I would make that up ? ) .	6	Accusative
You ca n't go wrong with Tuesday prices , even if you get quite the mixed bag of comedians !	0	Nominative
As long as you are a gentleman and treat them with respect they wo n't have any problem talking with you and your nationality will have nothing to do with how they treat you .	33	Accusative
( I am mixed-race ( half-Chinese ) and in an interracial marriage . )	1	Nominative
his clinic is very very dirty he is a real disaster to go totally not organized for every step he take .	19	Nominative
He gave no service to anyone , risked nothing , and did not even slack off efficiently .	0	Nominative
Are you kidding me ?	1	Nominative
He 's a good chap , if they 'll let him alone , he 's learnt a lot , and one 's done what one could ...	10	Accusative
" I myself had absolute authority to kill anyone in my command .	1	Nominative
He could also wait until the end of his first term to use a provision in the Paris agreement to pull out of the pact .	0	Nominative
I 'm still at home .	0	Nominative
That way we 'll all be part of building a huge archive of cat pictures .	2	Nominative
We all know by now that Bush did not even do his full service with the Texas Air National Guard , absenting himself to work on the Alabama senate campaign of Winton " Red " Blount .	0	Nominative
I sat generally on the floor , while , of faultless appearance ( and even slightly scented ) , perching on a high stool , he wrote , he wrote .	25	Nominative
I like that something will be a bit of secret , or even unreliable narrator : someone tells something and first you trust him but then you read more and you become thrilled by everything .	0	Nominative
He paid no attention to my explanations , and , playing with a stick of sealing-wax , repeated several times that the situation was ' very grave , very grave . '	29	Nominative
when you turn 21 you can party any were you want	9	Nominative
This is a significant strategic change and it applies strong pressure on the terrorist countries .	7	Nominative
" Because when they bring my chicken dinner this kid with the beard will be in a state , " I explain .	20	Nominative
They talk down to you like they are supreme beings , if you hate your job so much then quit !!	6	Nominative
I need something reliable and good looking .	0	Nominative
Quinn was rewinding the spool for another attempt when Auster and his wife entered the room .	8	Nominative
Sure Google , although this would put it on coarse for global domination of the internet by 2014 .	7	Accusative
It does n't have to be underground it could be any type of music .	7	Nominative
i do n't think so .	0	Nominative
I read of a case not long ago when some people were trying to get a polygamous judge taken off the bench for not obeying state law .	0	Nominative
In fact every once in a while he seems to get ill in one way or another ; and then he bounces back like nothing has happened .	7	Nominative
Usually you ca n't go wrong when getting a spa treatment ......	1	Nominative
I do n't think it matters	0	Nominative
If you want to start a new creative project or business venture , your imagination will be working overtime .	1	Nominative
We were a party of 4 and none of us were particularly pleased with our dishes .	0	Nominative
At last , Auster gave a little shrug , which seemed to acknowledge that they had come to an impasse .	14	Nominative
So they see the pictures flicker slower and there for it seems choppy to them .	10	Nominative
My argument is it 's art and therefore should not be censored he 's making us censor it who 's right	3	Nominative
I certainly had the impression whatever tension there was had eased up , last time I saw Mweta in London .	15	Nominative
You have all devoted considerable time , resources and spirit in the preparation of this document - and it shows .?	18	Nominative
I had other projects in the queue that I needed to finish .	0	Nominative
I am forwarding to you guidelines prepared for global products trading .	4	Accusative
I do n't know if I should call him again tomorrow or not ?	8	Accusative
Thank you for reading if you did ! :)	1	Accusative
We always took ours to dinner and discussed what things we felt we ' had ' to do and which ones we felt like skipping in lieu of just chilling .	0	Nominative
We know , for example , that he was thirty-five years old .	0	Nominative
They asked us things that we would have never have thought of , and took extra time to meet with us when we needed it before the wedding .	2	Accusative
Some of the younger kids that work there are a bit sub par , but if you wait for Nick ... you 'll be good .	16	Nominative
It would not be fair to disappear without telling her first .	9	Accusative
Anyway , I got you message , and I got the World Series thing ( although I had already received	8	Nominative
Welcome back .	0	Nominative
Yes , all I 've said to Mweta , again and again ... make your own pace .	3	Nominative
I do n't know that Jerusalem is geologically older than other places but the dolomite and clay look hoarier than anything I ever saw .	21	Nominative
I had to get a permit here , it was cool	8	Nominative
Even a cotton cloth ( I like diapers ) that is barely damp w water will work fine .	5	Nominative
Otherwise there was only an indefinable , faint expression of his lips , something stealthy – a smile – not a smile – I remember it , but I ca n't explain .	17	Nominative
Well it is the wrong one , because I told you this morning I wanted the round flat bottle put in the fridge .	8	Nominative
Power producers then turned their attention toward killing that cap , saying they could n't make a profit even under these constraints .	12	Nominative
If it 's harsh , they are .	1	Nominative
Of course Bush would have tried to stop 9/11 if he had known it was coming .	10	Nominative
Talk to your academic adviser , see what they recommend .	8	Nominative
Do this repeatedly and frequently and he will learn to walk on a leash .	6	Nominative
Email usually free if you use a WiFi connection .	4	Nominative
Write down a list of everything you are packing , in particular if it 's valuable .	13	Nominative
They are also quick at getting your order out to you .	0	Nominative
They tell me he 's got the contract for the whole Isoza River reclamation scheme ... employs engineers from Poland and Italy	0	Nominative
The charges that they have put some vets up to making against Kerry are false and can be demonstrated by the historical record to be false .	3	Nominative
I forgot to tell you that I saw your friend on a re-run Jeopardy the other night and I almost called you but it came on at 11:30 .	4	Accusative
But that was the work of memory , and remembered things , he knew , had a tendency to subvert the things remembered .	12	Nominative
In great confusion , there and then they decided to go .	7	Nominative
It ’s another low-grade moment of horror , but I think about that particular time with my mother because Renata was there and we were united , she and I .	0	Nominative
You informed me that you would discuss this with your attorney .	0	Nominative
If I found a spot , I could nt fit in it .	1	Nominative
However , as you will see , the questions I thought of got kinda long - but I think we need answers for all of them .	17	Nominative
Through you I urge the Commission and the Council to reach decisions and take urgent action following the meeting on 14 October .	20	Nominative
You understand it was a Continental concern , that Trading society ; but I have a lot of relations living on the Continent , because it 's cheap and not so nasty as it looks , they say .	36	Nominative
Well , I had my seventeenth and eighteenth birthdays in the detention camp at Fort Howard , the guest of Her Majesty 's governor , said Odara , that I know .	2	Nominative
Of course , they would be closing in 5 minutes , so I would have to hurry up or get it the next day .	3	Nominative
Please let me know your approval before we make any changes .	2	Accusative
I have seen several of the providers from the office and have not once been shown anything but care and consideration .	0	Nominative
Spreading democracy over the world , the Americans first fought rigged elections in Syria , but the old corruption continued despite all their power and money could do .	10	Nominative
The sun 's rays and warmth are still with you , surrounding you .	12	Accusative
Once you have met Nigel you will not want to work with anyone else .	1	Nominative
What cleaners can I use to dust around my budgie .	3	Nominative
I am bringing two of my girlfriends from LJ .	0	Nominative
This is the most humble gym you will every step into .... if you dare to work on your body do n't be surprised when you see how addicting going to FITNESS UNLIMITED can be !!	25	Nominative
I stayed for the remainder of the lecture .	0	Nominative
He was incredibly learned and was a strong advocate for freedom and the rule of law .	0	Nominative
Please send me an email response about whether you and Michelle Cash are OK with what he 's written .	16	Nominative
What – the – devil – are – you – doing ? said Uncle Vernon through gritted teeth , his face horribly close to Harry 's .	4	Nominative
2 . I 'm getting ready to divy up the Dow stock .	2	Nominative
She leered at him , showing mossy teeth .	3	Accusative
The real testament is not in how much she likes your animals but how much they like her .	15	Nominative
As you know , we are in the process of transferring recordkeeping services from NTRC to Hewitt .	4	Nominative
can i have some indoor pet ideas please !!!!!!!!!!!!!?	1	Nominative
All you want is for " them " to get on with it - and to leave you alone ..	12	Accusative
The last time I did that I was suggested to buy oblivion when I told them I was looking for a fps .	6	Nominative
I would highly recommend her services .	0	Nominative
As recently as last week the official line stated they had no knowledge he had entered the country .	13	Nominative
Nevertheless , we want to limit the Council regulations to general provisions and to cover the remaining provisions in implementing regulations .	3	Nominative
Mr. ARCHIBALD : He told us whenever he was stopped , as soon as the law enforcement found out that he was the grandson of Prescott Bush , they would let him go .	7	Nominative
I have tryed to give him water but he wo nt take it .. what should i do ?	0	Nominative
And that s my reason why you should choose a parakeet over a finch .	6	Nominative
Open your image while it 's still in color	4	Nominative
i mean a 2 day stay was a ok stay even tho the manager looked like he was chineze and that we only slept and went out from 8 to 7 to see New York .	0	Nominative
I guess you get what you pay for .	2	Nominative
Her captain was a Swede , and knowing me for a seaman , invited me on the bridge .	0	Accusative
Yes , I know about the Kindle Fire but that 's not what I want (: Does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars ?	2	Nominative
I 'm getting a 10 gallon for my betta tomorrow and I just want to know how to properly set it up .	11	Nominative
Let 's talk before I leave town next Wednesday .	1	Accusative
Let us know and we can add it , and make any other changes you 'd like to make at this end .	4	Nominative
Once you have a budget or an amount in the bank then you 'll be able to figure out where you can go , for how long you can go and what you can do when you 're there .	27	Nominative
Quinn had never seen anyone move in such a manner , and he realized at once that this was the same person he had spoken to on the phone .	22	Nominative
I would have had to because with the economy the way it is i ai nt haves much monies fo repairs round the House ....	11	Nominative
extend , and if you want to end it , you just say bye ,	8	Accusative
But do they know what they have heard ?	5	Nominative
I knew I had found the real deal , big pies , sold by the slice , with the pizzas sitting under the glass in the front .	0	Nominative
I can dig it up if you 'd like .	0	Nominative
I am pleased to confirm that the Commission has received the report to which the honourable Member refers .	0	Nominative
I assume you are talking about a pacman frog .	0	Nominative
We recently asked you to create an eSpeak " wish list " for us .	0	Nominative
And French he definitely is .	1	Nominative
Would love for you to join us .	6	Accusative
You do find the ' get the number hop in bed with her ' but be aware that they usually have a reputation as sluts .	12	Accusative
I did n't argue with him but I asked him what he believed would be a viable solution to this mess .	0	Nominative
Now when I was a little chap I had a passion for maps .	1	Nominative
Kesha and Pebe co-wrote the song " Stephen " together when Kesha was 16 , Kesha then tracked down David Gamson , a producer that she admired , from Scritti Politti who agreed to produce the song .	25	Nominative
Hens make excellent mothers as they are bigger , can see better , and are smarter the Silkies .	5	Nominative
There is a wonderful quote attributed to Einstein — " If we knew what we were doing , it would n't be called " research " , would it ? "	18	Nominative
They indicated they could use Steve 's help face to face at some point .	0	Nominative
One thing you can be sure of about Irish weather is how little you can be sure of .	13	Nominative
He could take a trip if he liked , even leave the country for a while .	0	Nominative
I believe he is correct in that he needs my physical address for legal reasons , however , he did not adequately explain this during our session .	7	Nominative
Please let me know what is possible , and feel free to give me a call if you have any questions ( 978-376-9004 ) .	2	Accusative
Fresleven – that was the fellow 's name , a Dane – thought himself wronged somehow in the bargain , so he went ashore and started to hammer the chief of the village with a stick .	35	Nominative
It appears this guy is going to bring stability to the country and I think that 's good news for the subcontinent . "	13	Nominative
I 'm hoping the bakers continue to do their baking out of another place , because it would be a shame not to have these cakes any longer .	0	Nominative
I suspect that 's not true . "	0	Nominative
The crew said he was drinking himself silly in his quarters .	3	Nominative
It will be nice to see you again .	0	Nominative
I am hopeful that we are ready to prepare execution copies .	0	Nominative
They have a huge inventory .	0	Nominative
They also do n't tell you that they 're going to mail you an " application " to be admitted to be a patient .	7	Nominative
It is a hub for American Airlines and Southwest Airlines .	0	Nominative
" It was about how he could humiliate her the most , " prosecutor Dean Mandros said in closing arguments .	1	Nominative
It 's all that 's keeping me going .	6	Accusative
I called on a Friday at 12:30 complaining of a severe toothache .	0	Nominative
He never once contacted us .	4	Accusative
I am sending you some info that I have passed along regarding the effort to win the cash for the fund raising benefit .	3	Accusative
Remember that what you do to yourself affects me and everybody else , remember that what you do to me and anyone else shapes your destiny .	8	Accusative
Saying that I need to give him my address or else I have intimacy issues is not helpful .	11	Nominative
We had frosts in October so I would n't advise visiting late in the year to be honest , Spring time is your best bet .	6	Nominative
" He 's hanging out with the celebrities , and has kind of become the same sort of celebrity he was interested in documenting earlier in his career " , Wilkins said .	19	Nominative
Judging by the fact that Draco Malfoy usually had the best of everything , his family were rolling in wizard gold ; he could just see Malfoy strutting around a large manor house .	22	Nominative
I think just living in a house with so many girls is making him go crazy ?	13	Accusative
Molly 's frantic – she 's coming now .	4	Nominative
These are the kids who will destroy society , because of the crapfest the American family has become under the post hippie culture , you heard again .	24	Nominative
i usually put my own natural rock over the UTH and they are perfectly fine .	11	Nominative
I guess that tells you a lot .	4	Accusative
anyways , the mezza luna : you should try it .	6	Nominative
Just because you have a male and female , it can not be guaranteed the two mated .	9	Nominative
Additional printed copies should be available within the next day or so and I will make them available to all of you - just let me know how many copies you need .	16	Accusative
I wo n't hire them . I hire --	0	Nominative
It ’s more subdued than I think what most people would expect .	5	Nominative
They 're holding " workshops " on how it will all work soon .	8	Nominative
He will call you back I m sure !	0	Nominative
I got a riding lesson today on one of my boss 's fino horses and it made me realize just how unsteady my left leg is .	15	Nominative
I 'll believe it when I see it .	5	Nominative
It can also be dangerous if you use toxic chemicals and poisons .	6	Nominative
To my friend , thank you for your recommendation ... you were true to your words in saying Gerry is a " Saintly Instructor ... Absolutely Simple the Best Instructor and Best Driving school there is !	5	Accusative
" Because when they bring my chicken dinner this kid with the beard will be in a state , " I explain .	2	Nominative
i was just going to sleep anyway .	0	Nominative
I came to know of you in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential business transaction , which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to an account requiring maximum confidence .	5	Accusative
When he joined the group , they were listening to her .	10	Accusative
I 'm not sure that ENE @ 75 is the place , but maybe @ 73 .	0	Nominative
Everyone will therefore understand why I am rejecting them .	8	Accusative
The act of moving from one place to another seemed to require all his attention , as though not to think of what he was doing would reduce him to immobility .	5	Nominative
It ’s this quiet experience where you are trying to soak in what the joke is , have we done anything like this , is it a unique take , what are other people doing .	25	Nominative
I say this of my free will . Yes .	0	Nominative
It would be appreciated if you could advice me on this matter .	0	Nominative
I highly recommend them to all of my friends !!!! !	3	Accusative
I like to imagine that scene in the marketplace at Toledo .	0	Nominative
Gerry pleasantly said " since I am already here why do n't we give it shot .	12	Nominative
For example , you can group the LastName field by first letter to create groups , such as A , B , and so on .	16	Nominative
I enjoy going there although i 've only been there once , i will be returning toda to recieve a pair of french tips and i will only go to the best and to me the best is here .	34	Accusative
From the point of view of a business , and client / operator relationships , he 's doing a really shitty job .	15	Nominative
i also think the National Endowment for the Arts is a waste , but i guess i would rather see my money go to the NEA than NASA .	0	Nominative
He really knew only some of the people but all of them seemed to know about him , and many were the friends of friends .	16	Accusative
He does not keep a civilized face .	0	Nominative
email them at address below	1	Accusative
Waiting to be summoned to the customs officers ' booths , the companions of the journey ignored each other .	17	Nominative
You can also provide the schema to other businesses and applications so that they know how they should structure any data they provide to you and they , in turn , can provide their schema to you .	26	Nominative
Abby is our beloved friend , and we are trying to raise money for her any way we can , so this prize money is important to help her continue to receive her life - saving treatments .	28	Accusative
Or how about visiting the Chicago Botanical Gardens and see the change of colors and enjoy the air , They also have many inside exhibits you might enjoy , food is pretty good to .	19	Nominative
When we arrived at 5 , and left circa 7 , there were the same 4 or 5 empty tables surrounding us .	21	Accusative
Thank you all for your participation .	1	Accusative
And then when you do it in an asymptotic way is like you do n't look at the small details .	5	Accusative
I have just checked with RAC ( David Gorte ) and we have a green light to go ahead with the project .	0	Nominative
Mike Day is fleshing out the legal details of our presentation and he will forward that along for folks review later today .	12	Nominative
What do you think ? he said , scornfully .	5	Nominative
Someone else I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty .	18	Accusative
Talk us through the difficulties encountered when trying to find answers with the specimens on hand .	1	Accusative
Sometimes I even think I 'm down South again , that 's a fact .	1	Nominative
Last year was an incredible year and I ’m ready for us to come back even better in 2017 .	7	Nominative
I definitely recommend him :)	3	Accusative
I trust that they will give us better love than they are getting from us , for ours is a very low-quality upward-seeping vegetable-sap sort of love , as short-lived as it is spontaneous .	14	Accusative
He crossed the room gently to look at the sick man , and returning , said to me , ' He does not hear . '	0	Nominative
I had immense pain on a Sunday morning , with friends and family telling me that I would never find a Dentist on a Sunday .	14	Accusative
Well they play the Wii like me :)	1	Nominative
I have a bit of experience watching the usual assembly line .	0	Nominative
We 've got a Steven , the one word that did n't crash my spell - check , despite it being followed by a Vikash Chand Abdul Shakur .	19	Nominative
You 'll probably have more basil than you could possibly eat fresh , so plan on storing some in the fridge .	7	Nominative
We know that he had once been married , had once been a father , and that both his wife and son were now dead .	0	Nominative
It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who does n't know anything about it and get them to initial it .	24	Accusative
If anyone has it handy , it could speed things up for me .	6	Nominative
I would highly recommend Landscape by Hiro .	0	Nominative
Allegedly , Thomas ' sister pleaded with him to send Gloria to a conventional medical doctor , but he replied " I am not able to do that " .	18	Nominative
Zenghelis described her as the most outstanding pupil he ever taught .	8	Nominative
He was always ready to go out on the road .	0	Nominative
They were abrasive and rude - when they were the ones who messed everything up .	7	Nominative
What qualifications do you have that will assist you in executing the duties of president ?	3	Nominative
Some of the answers were extraordinary ;	0	Nominative
If you have limited options , try the bathroom .	1	Nominative
He clearly enjoyed , as governor , watching executions .	0	Nominative
Since he arrived eighteen months ago there 's been damn all for him to do except go fishing up at Rinsala .	5	Nominative
I do n't want to waste my time with them .	0	Nominative
Darla is amazing , I would recoment her to anyone .	7	Accusative
I talked with Gary Wilson , and he confirmed that the revised values are correct .	0	Nominative
While they are extremely accurate , laser sights do not operate well when drunk or high because the beam often does not show up on the target .	1	Nominative
I am nervous that my other fish will eat them , and I do n't know what to feed them !	19	Accusative
You are in a state of peace and relaxation .	0	Nominative
Yet we did n't charge them for the evacuation .	5	Accusative
Greg Couch will be taking over the responsibility for the estate risk group and will be able to assist you with your requests going forward .	19	Accusative
Perhaps one day they would drift further into dinginess , lasping into gray , or even brown , like some pieces of aging fruit .	3	Nominative
But as I stood on this hillside , I foresaw that in the blinding sunshine of that land I would become acquainted with a flabby , pretending , weak-eyed devil of a rapacious and pitiless folly .	2	Nominative
I do n't like to write to him – with those messengers of ours you never know who may get hold of your letter – at that Central Station .	7	Accusative
i want to buy a laptop for my girlfriend in ireland , would she be able to just use the dongle she uses for her pc and put it straight in the laptop and it work like normall ?	28	Nominative
After the death of his mother in 1846 and his father in 1848 , he sailed west , arriving in San Francisco possibly in November 1849 .	14	Nominative
Since it will be Janet signing , it will probably be better to have the initials on the pages first .	7	Nominative
Thought since I will be in Houston , stop by your office for few minutes .	2	Nominative
Was fast and easy , Just had our car returned this morning , I would recommend these Mobile Mechanics for sure .	13	Nominative
Stacey here is the Master draft we discussed .	6	Nominative
The world was outside of him , around him , before him , and the speed with which it kept changing made it impossible for him to dwell on any one thing for very long .	25	Accusative
It has been 3 weeks and I STILL do n't have my table ( which was NOT cheap , I might add ) .	6	Nominative
Now that the Dursleys knew they were n't going to wake up as fruitbats , he had lost his only weapon .	10	Nominative
If you did n’t know already , the bib is the top front part with the breast pockets .	1	Nominative
When you filter a field , you can display the data for a single item , or you can select some items to display and other items to hide .	2	Nominative
Then an engine man from the Balkans said , " In our village we nailed owls to the church door when we caught them . "	13	Nominative
She next faced defending champion and top seed Sara Errani , but was defeated .	0	Nominative
The owl Mum and Dad bought Percy when he was made a prefect , said Fred from the front .	7	Nominative
As he turned the question over in his mind , it occurred to him that he no longer had an opinion .	15	Nominative
do you think they are cool b/c of the taco bell dog ?	3	Nominative
i ve been on the internet for 3 hours but so far i 've got nothing .	0	Nominative
My husband just got a bike there as a gift he 's only had it a month .	14	Nominative
' I have a little theory which you Messieurs who go out there must help me to prove .	15	Accusative
In our proposals in relation to Agenda 2000 we considered the probable future trend of competition between pigmeat and beef .	8	Nominative
I m sorry if I could n't say the question right .	4	Nominative
You can see different treatments that a surgeon ca n't see , so that you can have several treatment options before you decide what to do .	0	Nominative
We take the Wikipedia approach : if you think it should be better , please help it be so .	0	Nominative
as they can drink a lot .	1	Nominative
<< In " Love 's Labour 's Lost " we find a character Don Adriana de Armatho , full of affection and bombast .	9	Nominative
However , he left my horse without a shoe for TWO WEEKS ( now that 's what I call a crap farrier ) .	2	Nominative
I specially did n't say anything about the colour because I did n't want to muddle you up .	10	Nominative
I came here looking for Paul Auster , the private detective .	0	Nominative
Silent , I give his case some thought .	2	Nominative
He would arrive early , never later than seven o'clock and sit there with a take-out coffee , a buttered roll , and an open newspaper on his lap , watching the glass door of the hotel .	0	Nominative
The team was n't so far ahead that we knew .	8	Nominative
I was beside the bear 's head and I stabbed it with an upper cut below the jaw in the neck a couple of times . "	10	Accusative
try for a large body of water if you are confident your companion can save you from drowning .	15	Accusative
A mounted escort of some 30 men , all armed .	8	Nominative
Basically Nook Tablet it has more memory , better battery life and a better processor and a microphone .	3	Nominative
Although flying to the Chathams and back is not cheap , it is worth it .	14	Accusative
– ' you must , ' he said in agitation , ' go and see the general manager at once .	6	Nominative
Please note the following as you review :	5	Nominative
Distances are not what they are in the old world .	4	Nominative
But the door buzzer answered him without any conversation .	5	Accusative
Are they very keen on their self-image ?	1	Nominative
on the side is a waste - leave it on the bottom .	8	Accusative
If anyone has it handy , it could speed things up for me .	3	Accusative
Qanooni refused to accept the Iranian advice as his fellow Panjsheri Tajiks urged him to stand against Karzai .	13	Accusative
It is always good to stick to a formal intense meditation practice like the one for beginners described in the MP3 file that follows after the visualisations .	0	Nominative
I was beside the bear 's head and I stabbed it with an upper cut below the jaw in the neck a couple of times . "	0	Nominative
Universities will take you whatever age you are .	6	Nominative
I just finish reading a really good book ( it was actually a ebook ) from some new series called the The Tale of Terra .	9	Nominative
Seriously , I talked this morning with Tom Hall and we agreed that Ecogas would pay him $ 53,000 .	10	Nominative
If the key exists , Access checks for the existence of a value name that matches the name of the referenced file .	20	Nominative
I 've read the materials you sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately .	9	Nominative
Say after I finished those 2 years and I found a job .	8	Nominative
It seems he could not make bricks without something , I do n't know what – straw maybe .	12	Nominative
We also own two chickens that are kept in a run behind out garage / barn thing .	0	Nominative
If you move the line downward , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line below remains constant , and the perpendicular line above the moving line lengthens .	28	Nominative
Also , Beardies often do not eat food that is not moving , so it s anyone 's guess whether or not he 'll touch the freeze - dried crickets or the processed food .	22	Nominative
No one 's going to take you seriously if they 're full of typos and whatnot .	6	Accusative
He walked a hundred yards or so up the road , and , meeting a man on a bicycle , greeted him in the language that had come back to him as he lay in the room .	21	Accusative
I fell asleep thinking about how I wished that the Scathalos outrunners were gone .	0	Nominative
Would it be possible to ignore her ?	6	Accusative
I 'm not kidding , I once lost a hamster in my house 3 months later I walk down in the basement and it was as big as a rat .	16	Nominative
By comparing my observations to what my colleagues and predecessors had found , I figured out what group it belongs to , and was able to determine that within that group , it was a new species .	32	Nominative
Timothy Odara 's eyes were closed ; leaning against the wall he kept his lips drawn back slightly , alert .	19	Nominative
But he was an inside / outside cat ( only one I owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats ) .	11	Nominative
I salute him for all he has done in this area .	5	Nominative
We outsiders are not stable enough to appreciate them .	8	Accusative
The graphics are without a doubt the amoung the best graphics I have ever seen for any game and I have been gaming since the MUD days .	19	Nominative
System folders ( the System and System32 folders located in the Windows or WINNT folder ) .	11	Nominative
" I wonder if he 's praying for you . "	1	Nominative
" I study history in school , " I said .	8	Nominative
If we have time next week , I could step you through our website -- www.weathereffects.com .	1	Nominative
I certainly had the impression whatever tension there was had eased up , last time I saw Mweta in London .	0	Nominative
I am all for thought being given to this and for seeking solutions .	0	Nominative
Did she make it ?	3	Accusative
Gerry pleasantly said " since I am already here why do n't we give it shot .	5	Nominative
They have a customer for life in us !	0	Nominative
Quinn had his doubts , but this was all he had to go on , his only bridge to the present .	9	Nominative
I thought I would have to wait until I went home to NYC .	0	Nominative
He was five feet six , I should judge , and had his grip on the handle-end of ever so many millions .	6	Nominative
Your career opportunities will expand exponentially , and you 're likely to change jobs or positions this year .	8	Nominative
I hired this company to unlock my car .	0	Nominative
I formatted the file so that it would print on one legal size sheet .	6	Nominative
If you have a pet store near buy some wheat , pigeon corn or even mixed bird seed will do , but do not feed bread .	1	Nominative
I wish I had you as my dentist early on in my life - maybe my teeth would have been a lot better then they are now , However I am glad you are my dentist now .	4	Accusative
National superstores ( Walmart ) will let you walk the store for boxes when they are stocking the stores between 11 pm and 1 am .	14	Nominative
More like a cohesive society with a shared sense of purpose , who can identify Us and Them ?	15	Accusative
I should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you did n't spell her name right in the email - I mean it 's such a common spelling .	0	Nominative
I enjoyed my tour and i am looking for adventure tour and India heritage tours for valuable .	0	Nominative
After 1 month , roots will have sprouted and you can water the cutting for the first time .	9	Nominative
As he did not have a window seat he did not see the bush and the earth red as brick-dust and the furze of growth along the river-beds :	1	Nominative
They offer a large variety of quality hotdogs and hamburgers They also offer veggie dogs .	0	Nominative
I really enjoyed meeting her and happy to learn she comes from Oklahoma and has the values of a solid no bs country girl .	0	Nominative
I am told that our respective credit departments want to raise the credit lines to $ 10 M for each party , but to effect that we will have to modify the existing Guaranties accordingly .	26	Nominative
The main reason I wrote this post is to ask anyone reading this if they know of some way I can help put a stop to this Cat Holocaust .	14	Nominative
I think he left the Nail out of the shoe as a excuse to come back and see you hey he may be your Prince charming ..	20	Nominative
I would like both Lynn and I to participate .	6	Nominative
I 've referred everyone i know here and they all feel the same way !!	0	Nominative
Space Shuttle Challenger was lost when it exploded 73 seconds after liftoff back on January 28 , 1986 killing all six aboard .	6	Nominative
I look at some of these other comments & laugh because people think that the world revolves around them !	18	Accusative
I plan on taking two or three graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this level .	0	Nominative
I do n't want them to commit suicide or something haha	4	Accusative
It is also the largest .	0	Nominative
He smoked a cigarette , and then another , and then another .	7	Nominative
Cervantes describes how he discovered the manuscript by chance one day in the market at Toledo .	3	Nominative
These grew spontaneously one out of the other , and once you had been present at the first , you got handed on to all the others .	26	Nominative
Because of my academic and professional background , I understand the issues and challenges facing Virginia much better than the other candidates , and I am offering real solutions that can be appreciated across the political spectrum .	8	Nominative
Gerry , I ca n't thank you enough for helping me cope with my fear .	2	Nominative
My shoes were white and I was concentrating on keeping them out of the mud .	5	Nominative
I do n’t dream about Renata , although when the dreams wake me up , it ’s thinking about Renata that keeps me awake .	0	Nominative
It seems that the Palestinian leadership ( upcoming ) will not be a peace partner with Israel .	0	Nominative
Attached is a rough draft of my talking points for a panel I 'll be on at a CEM conference in SF on Thursday afternoon .	12	Nominative
Give me a few days , and I 'll be in touch .	1	Accusative
By return email , please verify that you received this message and let us know if there is another email address that you prefer us to use .	22	Nominative
Me and a studymate were keeping a lot of animals during our studies , from beetles , to butterflies and mantids , to ants .	0	Accusative
Roly Dando had promised to drop by , and of course Bray was with him .	14	Accusative
The key is ... I have a few problems :	4	Nominative
Who takes the decisions , do it with less ideology .	6	Accusative
I am currently maintaining a gravity level of 1.024 .	0	Nominative
Yes , I know about the Kindle Fire but that 's not what I want (: Does it make sense to shell out the extra fifty dollars ?	13	Nominative
I 'll pay up to 200 - 250 for it if I have to .	0	Nominative
If al - Qaeda can kill Musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by Islamist junior officers , they can hope to catapult the MMA to power as political allies and hosts .	13	Accusative
We were having a major problem in maintaining cash .	0	Nominative
You have to stand up to that and I would rather someone ran at me rather than round me .	8	Nominative
After you have had the chance to review the attached , please send me a marked - up draft and we can discuss our concerns from there .	20	Nominative
I have n't been able to find a shoe repair place in Seattle since that has been able to do it .	0	Nominative
He was incredibly informative about the options I had , giving me opinions on different treatments to choose from .	11	Accusative
I have contacted the relevant people of your interest in the job .	0	Nominative
He loves to flirt with her when Cyprian 's not looking , but get her doing her marvellous wriggle on the floor and he just stands there like Andrew , dragging his feet .	0	Nominative
He 's a good chap , if they 'll let him alone , he 's learnt a lot , and one 's done what one could ...	13	Nominative
why do you think i should get one of those ?	4	Nominative
I tell all my customers they can try it , but do n't count on it .	5	Nominative
If Israel were governed as Egypt is , or Syria , would I have come here at all ?	12	Nominative
Good to hear from you and I 'm glad you 're available .	4	Accusative
In French , in English , in Hebrew , and occasionally in Russian .	4	Nominative
Thank you or your feed back .	1	Accusative
It has been a pleasure meeting you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future .	0	Nominative
She is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out .	11	Accusative
If you are of a religious turn of mind , you may wish at this point to offer a prayer to a god , goddess , protective spirit or guardian angel .	10	Nominative
In fact , he left the house he rented in such disrepair -- with damage to the walls and a chandelier destroyed -- that the Montgomery family who owned it still grumble about the unpaid repair bill .	7	Nominative
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do what ever it takes to get in next year .	21	Accusative
She had her cards memorized as well as everyone else s ( when you play you 'll see why you can know everyone else s hands ! ) .	0	Nominative
Call me if you have time .	3	Nominative
We sat in the front dining area , it was very cozy and pleasant .	8	Nominative
As a previous Internet Manager I would deal with anyone looking to buy a car for a profit and not care if they came in with a broker .	5	Nominative
Users can view and print the components in view-only mode , but they can not interact with the components or use the design capabilities .	12	Nominative
I hope that the debate on wine-growing will benefit the wine producer , the product and the consumer alike .	0	Nominative
He did not allow Palestinian radicals to launch operations against Israel from Iraq .	0	Nominative
If I had been in your place , I probably would have done the same thing .	8	Nominative
But the ships would n't even look at me .	8	Accusative
He saw Fred and George look at each other .	0	Nominative
the compound word for this phrase , in the language that was spoken round the capital , and that he had never really known well .	19	Nominative
I want to say that Mike did a great job for our family in our time of need .	0	Nominative
They sit by the gates asking alms , then whine avoidance of them &amp; horror .	0	Nominative
I worked with Sam Mones who took great care of me .	0	Nominative
In a few days the faces had lost the stylized , apparition-quality of that first night , the night of the Independence Ball , and become , if not familiar , at least expected .	5	Nominative
I lay there and tried to think if I should put my arm around her , but I did n't know .	8	Nominative
If I had to take over the English-language services tomorrow , you know what I 'd have to do it with a bunch of Lambala and speakers from the vernacular sections and some refugee school-teachers from South Africa .	14	Nominative
They had once been white , he remembered , but now they had turned a curious shade of yellow .	0	Nominative
The only notable difference I have noticed is that in the south of Ireland one night of the wake is often held in the chapel the night before the funeral , this tradition started after the civil war .	4	Nominative
Look at a map and you try to figure out how , in fall of 1999 , you could possibly pull off such an operation without Pakistani facilities .	5	Nominative
The paper taste of the wafer was still in my mouth and I took a deep breath of the leather .	12	Nominative
I recommend you to everyone in Calgary , as she is a professional and the cost for her was low .	9	Nominative
At last , panting , they reached the landing , then carried the trunk through Harry 's room to the open window .	1	Nominative
Our letter of credit person would be more comfortable if we deleted all of the language that makes the LC transferable .	10	Nominative
I figure I would give this company a chance .	0	Nominative
THAT 'S IT !!	2	Nominative
“ It ’s okay , Gram , ” Renata says .	1	Nominative
for Books that Speak for Themselves ....	5	Accusative
Sara , here are the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas , UK power and Nordic power .	7	Nominative
I have asked Doug Daniels to prepare the settlement papers reflecting such an agreement .	0	Nominative
Please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to Internet email for messages of this kind .	4	Nominative
There he is , she said .	4	Nominative
After discussions with the commercial group I propose that that redlined language be added to the attached Dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated rate agreements we 've done .	27	Nominative
Would it be possible to persuade others to agree with what he said , even though they did not believe him ?	11	Nominative
I ve tried to tame them and they just would not get tamed .	0	Nominative
You review and approve it , keep it on your desk , and I will come over and make the change at your desk on Monday .	7	Accusative
Travelling on your own you would have to pay double as cabins are sold on the basis of double occupancy .	4	Nominative
We have and will have children of our own , grandchildren too .	0	Nominative
At last he managed to control himself , and sat with his great eyes fixed on Harry in an expression of watery adoration .	6	Accusative
I remain convinced that if we can just get the facts in front of people they will modulate their approach .	0	Nominative
My role with Firefox and the Mozilla project will remain largely unchanged , I will continue doing much the same work as I have described above - with the new goal of successful 1.1 , 1.5 and 2.0 releases .	22	Nominative
Unless you want to take the " tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she 's obviously not loving " approach which will likely get you ... uh ... nowhere .	33	Accusative
The samples we have are small in terms of numbers and they are all preserved in formalin ( a kind of formaldehyde solution ) .	2	Nominative
The best thing you can do in Okinawa is to go to a beach .	3	Nominative
We embrace and then we go out of doors with a bottle to have a drink and get some sun .	4	Nominative
As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable , it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .	14	Nominative
I hope they get there act together ...	2	Nominative
he is feisty , as most king snakes are , but he is a very nice little guy - he never tries to bite or anything .	11	Nominative
I copy this out for my own entertainment a specimen of illusionless American political analysis .	0	Nominative
I was later told they had been left at the warehouse and some future date they would be delivered .	4	Nominative
I need one horse transported to shows throughout the 2012 show season , and the location is about 3 hours away from where I live .	23	Nominative
All the guys at work are saying I should n't bother having it fixed I should just buy a new one .	14	Nominative
What are you searching for ?	2	Nominative
I also had a pedicure , and they cut my nails too short , one of my big toes looks like it s getting infected .	7	Nominative
Quinn was no longer that part of him that could write books , and although in many ways Quinn continued to exist , he no longer existed for anyone but himself .	23	Nominative
I 'm not sure which one you gave him , but there 's a brief , brief , brief IQ test there .	0	Nominative
I have seen horses Loose Nails On there Own And do just fine with ONE nail gone Now if he had left out 2 or 3 I would be wondering to ...	26	Nominative
Have you any thoughts on draft or cover note ?	1	Nominative
When I ask my mom she says she will never let a snake in her house .	1	Nominative
We 'd only met ten minutes before .	0	Nominative
They will whistle when they hear you as an encouragement for you to give them a treat like leaf lettuce .	6	Accusative
I listen carefully , closely , more closely than I 've ever listened in my life , utterly attentive , but I often feel that I have dropped into a shoreless sea .	0	Nominative
Twice , when his scavenging haul had been unusually large , he returned to the hotel in the middle of the day and remerged a few minutes later with an empty bag .	11	Nominative
I well remember what intelligent , informed people were saying in the last years of the Weimar Republic , what they told one another in the first days after Hindenburg had brought in Hitler .	23	Nominative
I 'm assuming it 's to scare off predators / like how they will puff up their neck spikes to make them look bigger to predators or enemies .	3	Nominative
That was the first night Renata did n’t come home and it does n’t take Freud to figure out what that meant .	11	Nominative
Dark rain in the afternoon in London when the plane took off , at Rome the airport a vast , bleary shopwindow shining blurred colours through rain .	7	Nominative
International law does not know how to handle someone who sends children to throw stones , stands behind them and shoots with immunity and can not be arrested because he is sheltered by a Government .	18	Accusative
I prefer darker colors because I can see their eggs , more easily and the fish look better next to them .	0	Nominative
The Pakistani press reported that she was nabbed in Karachi after being spotted at the airport in late March or early April 2003 .	5	Nominative
Once he had taken the leap into that name , he had stopped thinking about Auster himself .	10	Nominative
Of course , you could just go in by main force .	3	Nominative
It will help them take care of you . ”	0	Nominative
However , having driven with you on several occasions I feel confident you will be able to pass the test with flying colors .	9	Nominative
You could also try this in gimp .	0	Nominative
Do n't go , or you will learn how to waste your money .	5	Nominative
But she did a fabulous job letting me know what she was doing at all times and styled my hair in a way i could do it at home .	26	Accusative
He did n't think the Dursleys would like him any better in Majorca than they did in Privet Drive .	14	Nominative
I found my initial selection satisfactory but the wine flight we chose to be poorly composed .	0	Nominative
They both went to jail and a new manager was put in charge of the apartments .	0	Nominative
i have never tried feeding him a pinky that was bigger around than he is .	5	Accusative
The pressure had been building up in him since Stillman 's disappearance that morning , and it came out of him now as a torrent of words .	20	Accusative
Richard do you have any bad faith litigation pending against any insurers in Texas or are you aware of any Enron has filed ??	2	Nominative
-- Due to the lack of response yesterday , I 'm beginning to worry about your success with the road test ...	9	Nominative
So for the 4th time in 5 months and the third time in 2 weeks , we brought the car back again .	16	Nominative
Until the 1960s , a dominantly Italian-American neighborhood , it is now a much more diversified neighborhood , home to many restaurants , including some of the city 's best Korean and Ethiopian establishments .	9	Nominative
We are currently moving to a new server , so we will be down for a while .	0	Nominative
Even though they might not be the best way to get around the island , a ride on the bus is still an experience you should not miss .	2	Nominative
The guy who was cutting me the deals and getting me the furniture quickly , Ahmed , was nice and mostly professional , except the semi-sketchiness .	5	Accusative
" Do you know the history of this world ? "	2	Nominative
Well , I 'll try to make this short .	2	Nominative
you should work that out before applying .	0	Nominative
Cranmore Dental and Implant Clinic : I could not recommend Dr David Nelson enough .	6	Nominative
It 's not an exaggeration to say that what they 're having to do is introduce a so-called democratic social system in place of a paternalist discipline .	9	Nominative
Come and see Manakau , the property of his descendants , located on the eastern corner of Rekohu and blessed with the sun 's first rays as they rise above the sea each day .	27	Nominative
Your luggage will be brought to the entrance , if you 'll just give me the tickets ...	14	Accusative
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	0	Nominative
I trust you and believe that you 'll be able to handle this and all you have to do is to reciprocate !	2	Accusative
also , you can call em ahead of time , and then go to pick up ur food , or have it delivered ** .	2	Nominative
In fact , he can not even vouch for the accuracy of the translation itself .	3	Nominative
We had a large party , about fifty people or so , and yet everything was served quickly and we all had a wonderful time .	0	Nominative
I do n't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it 's getting to be an issue .	8	Accusative
We will continue to investigate potential misstatements in the system p&l , as a result of data or system valuation problems , within the month end reporting timeframe .	0	Nominative
The theory I present in the essay is that he is actually a combination of four different people .	2	Nominative
And , she granted , “ you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different — we can do better — and where she has expressed regret . ”	23	Nominative
Edible ones , I hope - beef , pork , chicken , fish ...	3	Nominative
She handed me a shirt she bought at the stadium and she gave me a big hug .	5	Nominative
If you have some problems with your windows , you should call them .	12	Accusative
In 1891 she met her future advisor who would help , she assumed , this poet-turned-fiction-writer and connect her with editors : Tosui Nakarai .	11	Nominative
On the other hand , this is essentially a statement that the company is overpriced from the guy who knows it best -- and happens to be the best investor of the last century .	20	Accusative
You can also provide the schema to other businesses and applications so that they know how they should structure any data they provide to you and they , in turn , can provide their schema to you .	21	Nominative
Her shrieks followed them all the way along the twisting alleyway out into bright sunlight .	3	Accusative
I recently got a tattoo done at Aztec and I could not be happier .	0	Nominative
So I want to hire someone ( or multiple people ) to transport me to these shows .	13	Accusative
As we 're getting more and more of those agreements , I 'd like to add a template in Global Contracts .	1	Nominative
The salatim salads are the smallest plates I 've ever seen placed in front of me ( you would most likely think they were condiments if it were n't explained to you ) .	31	Accusative
i am in portland .	0	Nominative
as far as i know , everything is as good as it can be where his aquarium is concerned .	3	Nominative
If al - Qaeda can kill Musharraf or instigate a military coup against him by Islamist junior officers , they can hope to catapult the MMA to power as political allies and hosts .	19	Nominative
They would only give him a 6 month lease when he renewed his lease last month because they do n't want 3 people in that small apartment .	10	Nominative
He 's a good kitty , just when he plays he bites REALLY hard .	0	Nominative
When Millican died , we assumed that was the last we ’d see of glitchy , twitchy Odi too .	10	Nominative
Will we choose to rise about prejudice and intolerance or go down kicking and screaming with holding on to fear and anger ?	1	Nominative
They were primarily on hills .	0	Nominative
Mike one of owners was awesome , he explained the detailed plan , and executed on time , I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .	39	Accusative
They also claimed not to see anything wrong with the blower fan ( a seperate issue ) , but when I drove the car home I had the same symptoms .	0	Nominative
see you there on court 10	1	Accusative
After my last day in Sydney , I will be going to Fiji before heading back to the states .	7	Nominative
If you want to do your posting in different settings , you 'll always have this file to go back to .	11	Nominative
His fellow judges love him .	4	Accusative
I hope you get your answer .	2	Nominative
There is considerable evidence that it is developing both a long - range missile force and a range of weapons of mass destruction .	5	Nominative
Did you think when you created it that the Santorum cocktail would receive this news coverage ?	6	Accusative
Hope you and your family survived ok .	1	Nominative
Shahar leads me down from the Mishkenot Sha'ananim , which stands on a slope and faces Mount Zion and the Old City , to the Gai-Hinnom ( Gehenna of tradition ) , where worshipers of Moloch once sacrificed their children .	2	Accusative
Ideally , we would like a fast turnaround .	2	Nominative
Easiest Time I ever had purchasing a car !	2	Nominative
While in the U.S. , he took occasion to study the country 's educational system .	5	Nominative
They re not really hard .	0	Nominative
In the three years I have been here , I am unaware of an ENA / ECT bad faith claim against any insurance company .	9	Nominative
Also , I have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go ?	15	Nominative
I have been a patient a NW hospital and it was great .	9	Nominative
He could also have Parvovirus , a GI foreign body , or any number of things .	0	Nominative
He 'll set up a real tour of the area for you , not some tourist fantasy .	11	Accusative
It 's a yoyo , he answered , opening his hand to show him .	13	Accusative
The last two nights I have dreamed of dogs in trouble .	4	Nominative
I 've been doing this professionally since I was in my twenties , and before that since I was sixteen doing little tidbit poetry readings in coffeehouses .	7	Nominative
" The effects of iodine deficiency are dependent upon how severe it is and when it occurs .	11	Nominative
They may not respond right away and they may fight so ther smaller one can fit in one of hide spaces if it gets attacked .	7	Nominative
I will be happy if they can serve when food is piping hot .	5	Nominative
I am actually really looking forward to it .	0	Nominative
I did n't feel guilty about the garage sale , that 's why I was annoyed - being notified at 10:00 at night GRRRRRRR .	13	Nominative
If I can get a few minutes with Mark H. today , I 'm going to propose that I speak to Stan Klimberg about getting this signed before Thursday 's meeting with LIPA .	12	Nominative
I mentioned it to my boss and she said to start doing yoga .	2	Nominative
That band is involved in a local competition which promises a $ 5000 first prize , which they would like to win in order to donate it to the benefit fund which they have started .	17	Nominative
In fact , he orchestrated the whole thing himself .	3	Nominative
Could you please let us know which of these would be possible for you :	13	Accusative
It was nice and close to the Taj .	0	Nominative
Everything we have gotten there has been more authentic and better tasting than any other Chinese restaurant in the San Antonio area we have been to -- and trust me we have been to a lot of them .	30	Nominative
I was very excited that a salon was opening in Lewiston , as I live in Youngstown .	13	Nominative
It was Khalid Mohammed who told authorities about Aafia Siddiqui , who has a PhD from Brandeis in neurology .	0	Nominative
When you create a link , Access will automatically set the ConnectionString property based on the contents of the connection file .	0	Nominative
What is your cat s name and why did you name him / her that ?	11	Accusative
It will be nice to see you again .	6	Accusative
Richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit .	7	Nominative
When you move a field to the row area , the unique items of data within the field are displayed down the rows of the PivotTable view .	0	Nominative
How can we arrange it ?	4	Accusative
Sign - up lists will be available at the services on Feb. 27 and March 6 , or you can email me .	21	Accusative
I have a few questions , first I want to start a sump filter , but I have no idea on how the water intake and water return would work .	16	Nominative
The broker called back shortly after I spoke to you to let me know that the kestrel air park building and the strip center at fm78 & walzem had both sold .	12	Accusative
Go ahead and forward to Brant if you are ready .	7	Nominative
Have they , however , actually weakened Israeli security ?	1	Nominative
These boxes are also quite sturdy so you can re-use them or stash in your attic until you move again .	10	Accusative
And then when you do it in an asymptotic way is like you do n't look at the small details .	12	Nominative
I would like to have a meeting once a week for 1 - 2 hours with all 6 of us just to make sure we are moving forward and to get an update and anything and everything .	19	Accusative
I am vacation until the 22nd but Per is up to speed and I would like to make sure that you keep up with him and any HR / Legal activity that may occur .	20	Nominative
They can help you and it is close to a train station in Calcutta so check a few big ones ?	5	Nominative
If Jeff is happy , I 'm happy .	5	Nominative
*** Jason Chumley - Could you forward the number of contractor hours and help / remote support hours .	5	Nominative
In a highly significant move Afghan Pashtun tribes along the Pakistan border warned the Taliban in Quetta and Chaman that if they try and disrupt the elections , they would be resisted .	21	Nominative
So it changes , so one year we got to be in the Press , but they have now stopped adult ads .	1	Nominative
The disembarking passengers were all strangers again , connected not with each other but to the mouthing , smiling faces and waving hands on the airport balcony .	19	Nominative
Motion was of the essence , the act of putting one foot in front of the other and allowing himself to follow the drift of his own body .	16	Nominative
I highly recommend Debi , she does an amazing job , I " love " the way she cuts my hair , extremely thorough and cross checks her work to make sure my hair is perfect .	11	Nominative
My concept is that over time I would like to own one of all the following artists and they are all depending when I find something that we really like .	18	Nominative
Take care and hope to hear from you soon .	7	Accusative
Her mother had spoken out against Scientology on French television after her ex-husband and Paris 's father , Albert Jaquier , committed suicide after he lost his fortune to Scientology .	24	Nominative
Get plenty of sleep and make sure you take time out to do some things you enjoy .	7	Nominative
There have only been a few isolated amendments opposed to this approach and these were subsequently rejected .	6	Nominative
you speak the language and will have more fun .	0	Nominative
The undergraduate form of self-expression that emerges where Englishmen want to give themselves to celebration imposed itself for a while .	16	Accusative
Nevertheless , we want to limit the Council regulations to general provisions and to cover the remaining provisions in implementing regulations .	16	Nominative
Indeed , they do n't understand what kind of good service private schools held " ( ( it ) ) .	2	Nominative
You can check that out as well , to confirm that this is all real , and for a worthy cause .	0	Nominative
What would n't he give now for a message from Hogwarts ?	3	Nominative
I have melted small amounts of bronze in a crucible with a large propane torch ( much larger than the plumbers torch , but it can be run of those propane cylinders you can buy for a gas grill ) .	24	Nominative
After the cab had dropped him off in front of his house , Quinn realized that he was hungry .	16	Nominative
I have a change in plans next week .	0	Nominative
Quinn suspected that Stillman 's red notebook contained answers to the questions that had been accumulating in his mind , and he began to plot various stratagems for stealing it from the old man .	24	Nominative
I thought that I had gained my cockatiel 's trust , but now he 's not coming to me when I open his cage .	3	Nominative
I am going to count it as signed , since BC Gas has signed , but we still need it to be signed by ECC .	5	Accusative
Dobby is always having to punish himself for something , sir .	6	Accusative
However , the breakdown between him and Linares and the discontinuation of the progressive line provoked the Revolution of Vindication which overthrew him in 1879 .	22	Accusative
It used to be fabulous , why did you guys change it ??	8	Nominative
On August 21st , 2009 I ordered furniture from Hickory Furniture Mart and contracted for HDS to deliver it .	18	Accusative
You can find all sorts of fresh food and get a really delicious , fresh sashimi / sushi lunch upstairs .	0	Nominative
This probably makes them less rowdy .	3	Accusative
I am still sure that UT is the place for getting an excellent graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	25	Nominative
Let me know if one of you could help me do this .	6	Accusative
Gerry , I ca n't thank you enough for helping me cope with my fear .	10	Accusative
I 'm mostly joking when I talk about suicide and really I 'm not that stupid I just get in stupid situations D:	0	Nominative
However , if they have been vomiting numerous times , then the blood could be due to irritation of the stomach and intestines .	3	Nominative
It was the first time i had left a salon with my hair curly .	0	Nominative
I am Lady Kingel and I hail from the United Legit Gaming Guilds of Guild Wars .	0	Nominative
Ten years since they had been deported from the territory , ten years since she was a youngish woman of forty , and the girls were still schoolgirls .	14	Nominative
but food is always available and it is consistently good .	6	Nominative
Which I then realized I missed .	1	Nominative
Stop in and have a bite you wo n't regret it .	6	Nominative
If you choose to edit the connection file , remember that all other pages that use the connection file will also be affected by the changes you make .	4	Nominative
" I am frankly revolted by the response of the Bush - Bashers ; " Sorry chaps , but you did have it coming ... "	19	Nominative
From a moral standpoint , you guys are really gon na take 2,000 bucks from someone that needs that truck to work and support his family when you know it s just a piece of scrap metal ?	5	Nominative
I was asked by the officers , in their inimitably dumb way , whether I knew the writer Günter de Bruyn and whether we are intellectual relatives .	23	Nominative
He made a grab for the letters , but Dobby jumped out of reach .	13	Nominative
She lay tense in the dark .	0	Nominative
If you feed him too many he could just not be hungry .	6	Nominative
lol They where super friendly towards us and treated us like people not walking bags of cash .	1	Nominative
They convince lots of people that they are a great store , when in fact they are a very average place at best , they are just another big box store like the others .	24	Nominative
The next day i took it to 2 auto shops and they both told me the same thing , engine is junk .	14	Accusative
A page created using Microsoft Access 2000 must be converted before it can be used with Access 2002 .	5	Nominative
They had asked Percy if he wanted to join them , but he had said he was busy .	12	Nominative
... but basically , what I do is the same thing I did with my puppy ... lots of patience , lots of time , lots of praise , lots of treats , and lots of repition .... Right ?	5	Nominative
On September 17 , 1859 , he took matters into his own hands and distributed letters to the various newspapers in the city , proclaiming himself " Emperor of these United States " :	25	Accusative
We should have left then .	0	Nominative
Been living there ? he asked .	4	Nominative
As such , we have a CPA , Larry Lewis , working with us to audit and set up transition files .	3	Nominative
Because of the ants I dropped them to a 3 star .	4	Nominative
This is about the fourth time they 've done my horse 's feet because I just switched back to them .	6	Nominative
You 'll be making radical changes in your work habits , but you 'll be a lot happier for it , and in the end you 'll know it was worth it .	0	Nominative
He had this Habit of telling you Everything ..	6	Accusative
Do you concur ?	1	Nominative
Yes I 've had 53 different kinds of rodents and two were dwarf hamsters they flatten into a pancake and slide right through the bars and are able to open the door so yes a plastic cage will be good	1	Nominative
You know , I 've lived in the Dallas / Fort Worth Metroplex most of my life .	3	Nominative
He cross examined witnesses relentlessly and had them break down and tell the truth .	7	Accusative
There is even free coffee and bottles of water if you 'd like .	10	Nominative
We have already received firm commitments from 3 companies .	0	Nominative
An eerie feeling came over me .	5	Accusative
I believe we are to some extent already protected with " Enron " proceeded with anything , but EnronOnline ( TM ) , etc. just affords us more protection .	2	Nominative
And not only did he select the authors , it was probably he who translated the Arabic manuscript back into Spanish .	16	Nominative
my experience with them was great - low stress , very helpful and very personal .	3	Accusative
It is def worth more than the price .	0	Nominative
One of the worst experiences I 've ever had with a auto repair shop .	5	Nominative
It was all sorted with no hassle at all and I 'm really grateful - they were fab .	10	Nominative
Ron 's magic wand was lying on top of a fish tank full of frog spawn on the window-sill , next to his fat grey rat , Scabbers , who was snoozing in a patch of sun .	15	Nominative
So I have a VERY long list of people I want to make Xmas gifts for and one of them is my best friend .	9	Nominative
By the end of 2005 , you 'll feel more confident , more determined , and far more capable of making the mountains come to you !	25	Accusative
I will be traveling in this area in the future and you can be assured that this experience will be helpful in my choice of hotels and Novotel will be my first selection .	0	Nominative
You can somewhat reduce your vulnerability by preventive and defensive measures and by strict border controls but not eliminate it and definitely not win the war in a defensive way .	19	Accusative
Our son 's comment was the best , I think .	8	Nominative
While we anticipate many new Analysts joining Enron this summer ( late May ) and fulltime ( August ) we felt it necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an Off - Cycle Recruiting event .	19	Nominative
Two years later when I got around to filling for his birth certificate , I find out he was never registered .	14	Nominative
For example , when you move a Product field to the filter area , you can display data for one product at a time .	3	Nominative
Dash it all ! I thought to myself , they ca n't trade without using some kind of craft on that lot of fresh water – steamboats !	9	Nominative
We are told we must balance interests but , quite frankly , all interests are not equal .	0	Nominative
I imagine by the time she 's prepared to trust the baby to Venetia the celebrations 'll be over .	0	Nominative
They are at the national average in grade 4 and better than national average in grade 8 .	0	Nominative
also make sure you print this out NOW , so you can get the information off of it , as you will need it .	20	Nominative
Start up your filter ( sponge filters are the best for bettas ) and put in a heater and set it to anywhere between 78 - 82 .	20	Accusative
Cervantes hiring Don Quixote to decipher the story of Don Quixote himself .	11	Accusative
The only reason I 'm giving 3 stars instead of 1 or 2 , I should admit , nothing was broken .	3	Nominative
While it 's not cheap , Alto will give you an experience you 'll never forget .	9	Accusative
He crossed the room gently to look at the sick man , and returning , said to me , ' He does not hear . '	17	Accusative
It pleased him to watch it leave his mouth in gusts , disperse , and take on new definition as the light caught it .	2	Accusative
I tried to do it on the HRonline web - site , but the procedure is too complicated .	4	Accusative
I must confess I am totally surprised that the Commission was not aware of this report , given its sensitivity at this particular time .	0	Nominative
I have never been and I will never be a Government official and I have no privileged information .	5	Nominative
Well you say Miramar I say Piramar	1	Nominative
Are you intending to go there yourself ?	1	Nominative
Well , they 've been clamouring away , of course , but he 's refused to touch the army .	12	Nominative
On the Liberty we liked the comedian and juggling act .	3	Nominative
Yes , with one hand while you were busy stirring a pot with the other .	14	Nominative
Why do I put aside Israel and its own immediate neighborhood ?	2	Nominative
It is a psycho-spiritual exercise and benefiting the mind by developing stamina and strength .	0	Nominative
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	3	Nominative
And I have not met one stuck - up trail rider !	1	Nominative
It 's also fuelled the emergence of modern high - rises -- like the visionary MahaNakhon , Bangkok 's tallest building .	0	Nominative
All he could tell was that he was standing in the stone fireplace of what looked like a large , dimly lit wizard 's shop – but nothing in here was ever likely to be on a Hogwarts school list .	6	Nominative
It has been emphasised that we absolutely can not continue with those who are completely against Italy .	0	Nominative
I played dumb and asked him questions that I already knew the answers to and he responded with half truths and a few falsehoods .	0	Nominative
She will be 20 on 11/03 .	0	Nominative
Er – I do n't want to be rude or anything , but – this is n't a great time for me to have a house-elf in my bedroom .	21	Accusative
When he joined the group , they were listening to her .	0	Nominative
Instead they are encouraging everyone to come forward if they see any potential problems ( as it is clear that overlooked problems could result in unnecessary losses ) .	9	Nominative
There was a time , Mr Panvalkar said , when he felt that they should leave the building .	10	Nominative
Blessings to you .	2	Accusative
We took it back in to have it repaired again , and less than a week later the second compressor went out .	2	Accusative
You should call your vet now and ask them what is normal or not .	8	Accusative
Using this work arrangement , it forces you to take action , as you ca n't afford to waste any time . [ 2 ] .	5	Nominative
If so , then does that mean that if you watched a scary movie and your dog / cat / parrot was in the same room as you they will also get scared ?	27	Accusative
For $ 4 it was a nice break from the monotony of winter indoors with a toddler .	3	Nominative
It would still give him room to progress in the current job group should he not be promoted .	0	Nominative
It 's amazing how he deals with those fellows – better than I do , I can tell you .	4	Nominative
We ca n’t let the presidency go to Donald Trump , someone so racist , sexist and incredibly unqualified to be commander - in - chief .	0	Nominative
It surrounds you .	0	Nominative
You have to have very good teachers in mathematics if you really want to enjoy and to succeed in it .	19	Nominative
Chatham Motors have a range of nice rental vans available as well and they provide pretty good service for both visitors and locals .	13	Nominative
Say after I finished those 2 years and I found a job .	2	Nominative
How do I take care of my newborn baby fish ?	2	Nominative
He 's not lame , but he 's been having issues .	6	Nominative
The price spikes pose real political risks for Davis and he and his folks need and want an easy way out .	10	Nominative
The real Lockhart was wearing robes of forget-me-not blue which exactly matched his eyes ; his pointed wizard 's hat was set at a jaunty angle on his wavy hair .	16	Nominative
Why should I bother my children with all this nonsense ?	2	Nominative
( For some reason it will not let me rate it one star - it is not rated 5 by me ! )	20	Accusative
or were they actually fighting ?	2	Nominative
They 're incredibly social , highly trainable , and very clean .	0	Nominative
It does n't have to be underground it could be any type of music .	0	Nominative
To guard against this mishap he devised several different methods of deceleration .	5	Nominative
She used to make packages of sandwiches for Mweta to take with him when he cycled for miles about Gala province at weekends , speaking at meetings .	14	Nominative
" Well , " says the boy , " because it would n't be an accident , and it certainly would n't be a great loss ! "	10	Nominative
I seem to be going out , he said to himself .	0	Nominative
It was n't a quarry or a sandpit , anyhow .	2	Nominative
THE MANAGER CAME OVER AND SAID HE WAS SORRY AND GAVE A NEW BATCH OF WINGS , HE SAID WE CA NT REALLY DO ANYTHING BECAUSE THE DOORS ARE ALWAYS OPENING AND CLOSING .	19	Nominative
I was ashamed to be in friendship with girls ... until I undrstood that it 's not seakness as well as women wearing men 's pants is n't seak :)	11	Nominative
You can transform the native XML data into a specific Access format by choosing from the options in the Import XML dialog box .	10	Nominative
See you all there - this is ling overdue	1	Accusative
We just happen to stumble across this little restaurant one day when we had to visit the Bexar County Tax Office off of Bandera Road .	12	Nominative
I tried to calculate the IRR on the port Aransas and Roma post offices .	0	Nominative
He keeps them in place .	0	Nominative
Margot 's had to be in the kitchen herself from six in the morning , and some nights it 's been until ten .	8	Accusative
I came to find out the person was the hotel OWNER also .	0	Nominative
Should we all get together and make a conference call to Dominion like we did before or should I just call Jeff Davis myself ?	18	Nominative
All I can say is that Elmira you are the best I ve experienced , never before has the seamstress done a perfect job until i met you .	27	Nominative
Mike one of owners was awesome , he explained the detailed plan , and executed on time , I am always going use them and refer them to many friends I can because of the great job they did me .	23	Accusative
" You 're going to be looking at hundreds dead along the coast , " a state official said .	1	Nominative
I have a couple of questions so I can wrap up the LOI :	0	Nominative
Supposedly they will be holding it for me this evening , but I 'm sure that will also be a huge ordeal .	5	Accusative
I passed along to Liz Austin your request regarding pleadings A&K has filed setting forth the Trustee 's position in connection with the enforcement / nonenforcement of the power contracts and what remedies the Trustee is seeking .	0	Nominative
And if anyone else has voted , what did you guys vote for ?	9	Nominative
However , in the day time would it be okay for the rabbit to hop around along with the chickens ?	7	Nominative
Becky will bring you the hard copy version .	3	Accusative
Nothing wrong with it , just better options at this price point .	3	Accusative
He felt as though Auster were taunting him with the things he had lost , and he responded with envy and rage , a lacerating self-pity .	0	Nominative
If i were you I would Go ...	4	Nominative
We have used them for plumbing & A / C and they are affordable and get the work done right .	3	Accusative
We show opt-out advertising to anonymous visitors rather than ask for donations .	0	Nominative
I would say if he does not call you back by friday call him again he could be playing hard to get ?	8	Accusative
It led me to believe that the reviewers simply had difficulty tolerating people with strongly - accented English .	2	Accusative
I would much rather put it off until I can afford to have the vacation of a lifetime as I 'm sure this trip is intended to be .	19	Nominative
I have a friend that has to get rid of one of her cats because of allergies , he is the youngest at 3 years old black , long hair , incredibly friendly .	18	Nominative
He says : I not know that town , I have to get to work , I 'm in PHILLY .	16	Nominative
Next day I left that station at last , with a caravan of sixty men , for a two-hundred-mile tramp .	2	Nominative
I am going to count it as signed , since BC Gas has signed , but we still need it to be signed by ECC .	0	Nominative
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon and have a nice day .	0	Nominative
And what did we expect ... that he bench test every part .	3	Nominative
Do not hit , yell , or harm them .	8	Accusative
Once again , thank you all for an outstanding accomplishment .	4	Accusative
I have sent your question re on line trading to that area .	0	Nominative
A moment later he heard the child running towards him down the hall . The child shot into the living room , caught sight of Quinn , and stopped dead in his tracks .	9	Accusative
Our fellow citizens ' days and nights are becoming increasingly noisy .	1	Nominative
They are simply afraid and hate modernity .	0	Nominative
Yes you can , but it will cost you lots of money unless you have an international plan .	8	Accusative
They must also get something to keep take - out warm , so it 's not room temperature at best when you get it home .	23	Accusative
I spoke with Gerald and he said there are a bunch of folks hanging around Dad 's place .	5	Nominative
The pizza is usually pretty good , the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more , but it was still good .	11	Nominative
On the one hand , it should pressure Musharraf to take off his uniform and run for president in a fair election , and to repeal the contentious " Legal Framework Order " that essentially perpetuates his dictatorship .	5	Accusative
It 's a book of opening , Overtures I called it , and there is no end to the stories .	10	Accusative
I want you to have it .	0	Nominative
In addition to continuing to write , he convened and chaired the first International Meeting on Linguistic Research in Geneva in 1930 , and acted as president of the Fourth International Congress of Linguists in Copenhagen in 1936 .	7	Nominative
Puree it until smooth , then put it in a food storage bag and freeze until you need it .	16	Nominative
At six-thirty he posted himself in front of gate twenty-four .	4	Accusative
She was described by The Guardian of London as the ' Queen of the curve ' , who " liberated architectural geometry , giving it a whole new expressive identity . "	24	Accusative
At first , it looked as though Uncle Vernon would manage to gloss the whole thing over ( Just our nephew – very disturbed meeting strangers upsets him , so we kept him upstairs )	30	Nominative
The few times I have consulted with a travel agent I was able to find the same for less on my own , and more options than what they were selling .	3	Nominative
I meant " please " ! said Harry quickly .	0	Nominative
It was good to hear from you !	6	Accusative
I had one granddaughter who survived the war .	0	Nominative
I told him I told you to call him back and at least hear what he has to say .	3	Nominative
When was the last time you heard about a ship sinking ?	5	Nominative
Ok so i spoke to the vet and he said the give him white rice and boiled chicken but only a little at a time .	12	Accusative
Please return an executed copy of confirm to me .	8	Accusative
And , I can say , this was one of my favorite places to eat in all of Richmond .	2	Nominative
Recently Charles Miller and David Dewhurst sent you an invitation to a reception which they are hosting on Wed. 6/14 at 5:00 PM to be held at the Houston Petroleum Club .	7	Accusative
So I can start saving now hehe	1	Nominative
Be persistent , but do n't pester them about it cause that 'll get you nowhere fast .	9	Accusative
Without the funds from our 1991 partners , we would not be able to acquire the oil revenue trapped within Iraq .	8	Nominative
You have patience .	0	Nominative
Why , how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ???	10	Accusative
Are you free for lunch some day this week ?	1	Nominative
I know it can take a while for results and did n't expect a miracle , but after 2 months I felt like it was not entirely worth the cost / time .	23	Nominative
Did you know that ?	1	Nominative
Give me a call Tuesday afternoon to discuss ( gone to Kelowna golfing for the weekend ) .	1	Accusative
Thank you Ana I hope to see you in the future under better circumstances .	3	Nominative
YES I am sure , well , she says , is that ON 17th STREET .	7	Nominative
I 've never seen him like this before .	0	Nominative
Some people are willing to take your horse , but they really have old trailers that are not the safest in the world .	10	Nominative
I believe it is our responsibility to pass on the same opportunities to future generations that were promised to us .	0	Nominative
And then she laughed her laugh , and Quinn felt a little more of himself collapse .	5	Nominative
I 've never been a smoker & am a very strong anti-smoker , but I 'm an over-eater & so I know how hard it is to change a habit .	0	Nominative
He can eat grain and I already have a feed regimen in my head for the guy since he ca n't eat regular hay .	0	Nominative
Please , let me know .	3	Accusative
But no one seemed to have seen him , or to know whether he was , or had been , in the capital .	7	Accusative
With these operating standards implemented worldwide , we will know as operations professionals that risk is being mitigated and we will be able to ensure Enron top management that there is consistency in operating standards worldwide .	19	Nominative
I love it .	2	Accusative
You scream .	0	Nominative
He also inspected my entie roof to see if there was anything else that needed attention .	0	Nominative
When you have a minute , I 'll give me a call and I 'll come around and show you how to unfreeze the panel .	1	Nominative
I thought it appropriate to retable at second reading three of the 12 amendments rejected by the Council .	0	Nominative
She has taken care of my sweet girl for almost 4 years now and I would not let Gracee go with anyone besides her !!!	14	Nominative
the Archbishop excuses himself in two languages and tells us when he comes back that he has been speaking to one of his Lebanese friends calling from Cyprus or from Greece .	15	Nominative
We are still trying to figure out some of the cash traders .	0	Nominative
Did you have a chance to take a look at the resume I sent you ?	1	Nominative
It is also called “ T-town ” by the locals and has been called the " Oil Capital of the World " .	0	Nominative
Quinn did all his writing with a pen , using a typewriter only for final drafts , and he was always on the lookout for good spiral notebooks .	18	Nominative
if everything is filtered , and you still have this problem - try changing the filter - if it is still there , try doubling up on the filters ...	6	Nominative
It differs from the western portion of the country in that its prominent topographic features do not parallel the coast .	0	Nominative
She is always so busy , too , which is a good indication of her talent .	0	Nominative
I was already a vegetarian when I read it a little more than a year ago , but it was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan .	26	Accusative
By using a schema , you can ensure that any XML document that is used to import data into Access or export from Access to another format contains specific data and conforms to a defined structure .	34	Nominative
When I first get on I take 1 leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with my heel and hold it there for 1 lap at a walk around a large dressage arena .	1	Nominative
I do n't belong here .	0	Nominative
No one will give me a date .	4	Accusative
If I could just let her out at night –	1	Nominative
“ We live in the modern era ! ” she cried .	1	Nominative
There is currently no simple way for the system administrator to create new logon accounts to the locally installed SQL Server database except by using SQL Tools or Transact-SQL ( TSQL ) commands .	18	Nominative
I sent a customer of mine to you .	7	Accusative
But Bout 's name is n't likely to be mentioned in whatever coverage this story receives , before it sinks like so many others beneath the media 's frothing triviality .	18	Nominative
If you have any questions please call me on x34703	7	Accusative
I have been a friend and customer of Signs of Saltford for well over 12 years now and I also became their website supplier some 3 years ago .	18	Nominative
They were all there .	0	Nominative
I 'm doing fine .	0	Nominative
Let us know the latest with Ted and also with what 's going on in Houston .	1	Accusative
He is concerned about the allocation amongst categories - in particular , Real Time Traders .	0	Nominative
What you get is a $ 13 / day charge to access the internet through a slow 512 / 512 kb / s that you can only use to check email etc ( Read : No downloading ) .	24	Nominative
their pizza was a little salty for me , but it s still good .	10	Nominative
You had mentioned that you might want to include a shaped product .	4	Nominative
There should be a Pixel Mapping function in the menu that will get rid of them , most sensors have a few dead and flipped pixels , some only show up on long exposures .	15	Accusative
It was full - time work .	0	Nominative
If conditions are favorable ( 78 - 82 F ) and the fish are obviously well fed as yours are , they will spawn .	21	Nominative
3 When you filter a field , the drop-down arrow Field arrow for the filtered field changes to blue instead of black , and the AutoFilter button on the toolbar is selected .	14	Nominative
I did n't expect to react that way , but when I was looking around my workplace in Nashua , New Hampshire , and everyone else looked pretty much like me , it was really very eerie .	0	Nominative
I think we should try to migrate to one of these .	0	Nominative
John was delighted by this .	2	Nominative
You 'll be able to use your 1 - 4 years of experience with Toxic Tort to complement your desire to stay with the firm .	0	Nominative
I was gon na have a dinner party that night but my cousin is having Having her bridal shower so brunch is it but the only places I know are denny 's and ihop .	27	Nominative
“ So I hate to put a little pressure on you , but the fate of the republic rests on your shoulders , ” he told the crowd gathered on a sports field at the University of North Carolina .	2	Nominative
Touchdown ! said Fred as , with a slight bump , they hit the ground .	11	Nominative
Montalvo had known Devocht personally , and came to the conclusion that the claims made about him in the Freedom article were lies .	16	Accusative
During one episode , he is shown to be an adept guitar player .	4	Nominative
the strange shyness of twenty-two years of marriage made it impossible for her to say : Do you want to go ?	12	Accusative
Rules in the room : # 1 ) if you drink the soda from the fridge in your room you must prove it by leaving the can in the trash .	22	Accusative
Although disability is not contagious , interest in disabled sports might put into question the masculinity of the males following it .	20	Accusative
Judging by Nook Tablet 's processor it 's supposed to be quite faster !	6	Nominative
I do n't want to waste my time on routes set for children , but I do n't want to take on something I ca n't handle just to strain myself to exhaustion .	30	Accusative
What I heard was the Mayor of New Orleans , saying that he did n't order the buses or anything else to be used because he was waiting on someone else to tell him what to do .	1	Nominative
why do nt you get some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does something right .	13	Accusative
We looked at the venerable stream not in the vivid flush of a short day that comes and departs for ever , but in the august light of abiding memories .	0	Nominative
We too , are open to suggestion as the Global and Enron relationships are very important and a high priority to us .	21	Accusative
Be more careful when you write reviews - this is an accounting group , not Hollister the clothing store .	4	Nominative
How they murdered him I do not know , save that it was Murillo 's hand who struck him down , for Lopez had remained to guard me .	27	Accusative
Do you shoot back at someone trying to kill you , standing deliberately behind a group of children ?	1	Nominative
Although they are now sedentary ( with the young using cell phones , etc. ) , they maintain many of their old customs , traditions and beliefs .	1	Nominative
I m getting a dwarf hamster tomorrow and i saw videos on youtube of them escaping and if my hamster escaped because my mom will FREAK OUT !!!	14	Accusative
It took all the courage I could muster to make an appointment .	0	Nominative
It was surrounded by trees that blocked it from view of the village below , meaning that they could practise Quidditch there , as long as they did n't fly too high .	17	Nominative
He instantaneously put me at ease and his ongoing treatments have been absolutely pain free .	3	Accusative
Otherwise , I will assume you will book the two tickets .	2	Nominative
Unfortunately , I ca n't forward your message to him directly ( there seems to be a problem with the attachment ) .	9	Accusative
He checked out what I needed to have done told me what needed be fixed before he did any work and did great repair work .	16	Nominative
If these amendmnets are agreeable to you can you please print and arrange for execution .	6	Accusative
He 's probably still scared and unsure .	0	Nominative
Because they had room to do 5000 , they created the larger amount , and shipped them early .	8	Nominative
He was given to putting himself on strange mixtures .	5	Accusative
He was a seaman , but he was a wanderer , too , while most seamen lead , if one may so express it , a sedentary life .	22	Nominative
Try the " white rice " option if your rice cooker gives you several options .	12	Accusative
Let Hedwig out , he told Ron . she can fly behind us .	4	Nominative
And then she laughed her laugh , and Quinn felt a little more of himself collapse .	15	Nominative
Ask her about the handsome young man from Texas , and she remembers him 32 years later like it was yesterday .	1	Accusative
Many people at Enron already have this type of chair , but we rarely , if ever , have a surplus because they are so popular .	12	Nominative
I am 61 now so I really started when I was about 10 years old even though I had seen and worked with some basic tricks a few years earlier .	0	Nominative
They also do n't tell you that they 're going to mail you an " application " to be admitted to be a patient .	0	Nominative
" The governor believes it was the defining moment , when what was a mounting problem turned into an instant crisis , " Maviglio said .	4	Nominative
I was moving out from 2 bdr apartment and it took for 3 strong guys 6 hours to load a track ( from 2 pm - 8 pm ) .	0	Nominative
Most people choose cars , but if headed to a central area , such as Main Street , it is best to drive there , park in a municipal parking lot , and walk around from there .	18	Nominative
They are the only place I would take my car peiod .	5	Nominative
Mayor Teddy Kollek , irrepressible organizer of wonderful events ( some of them too rich for my blood ) , takes us to dinner with one of the Armenian Archbishops in the Old City .	12	Accusative
Bit rich coming from you , said Harry , staring at the floating car .	12	Nominative
I know it s in the wrong catagory , but still , I wrote this question for a reason , not for you to critisize me .	0	Nominative
There was bread and butter , more beer , knives and forks , salt and pepper , napkins , and omelettes , two of them , oozing on white plates .	24	Accusative
Let her explore when we moved my cat had to explore the entire house before she felt comfortable .	1	Accusative
He was the person , he and his wife Jan , introduced -- reintroduced me and Laura in his backyard in July of 1977 .	14	Accusative
The work on my car was done quickly and I felt I could trust his work .	11	Nominative
Tears lurked mysteriously behind his eyes , and his voice seemed to tremble as he spoke , but somehow he managed to hold his own .	19	Nominative
His father Mohamed El-Hassan Mohamed said he was taking his entire family to the U.N. headquarters in New York , because international dignitaries wanted to meet with his son and express their support .	6	Nominative
Well , why do n't we all go , that 's what I want t' know .	12	Nominative
He is really excited about anybody he see .	0	Nominative
You 're driving too far west , Fred , he added , pointing at a compass on the dashboard .	9	Nominative
I know it can take a while for results and did n't expect a miracle , but after 2 months I felt like it was not entirely worth the cost / time .	0	Nominative
We came at around 730 and they close at 8 and wanted to try the specials but they were out for the day so I would say go way before they close .	17	Nominative
When a connection file is used	0	Nominative
I go every other week for the shallac / gel manicure which is only $ 25 and it truly lasts 2 weeks !	17	Nominative
All this will help you use both legs evenly , keep proper contact and use your wight correctly , to keep your leg in a good position .	4	Accusative
They came in under a lot of other quotes and now I know why !!!	11	Nominative
This is the most humble gym you will every step into .... if you dare to work on your body do n't be surprised when you see how addicting going to FITNESS UNLIMITED can be !!	6	Nominative
I am extremely pleased	0	Nominative
Peter Stillman walked into the room and sat down in a red velvet armchair opposite Quinn .	14	Nominative
If you have any questions , please call 503/464-7927 .	1	Nominative
I just wanted to try your clinic because I was not totally happy with my current therapist I regularly see .	0	Nominative
i believe that NASA is a HUGE waste of tax payers ' money , but there are so many huge wastes of tax payer monies , that i find it best not to think about it .	0	Nominative
On my panel , Loretta Lynch asked Reliant and Duke to supply her with the details of the contracts they cut to sell their power forward to marketers .	12	Accusative
I spent 3 months going from shop to shop trying to get my Ferrari to run and drive the way it should .	0	Nominative
She asked me to bring the original piece back and I told her I had to use it on the job .	10	Nominative
THEY WILL GIVE YOU A LOW PRICE OVER THE PHONE AND ON THE DAY OF YOUR MOVE THEY WILL CHANGE THE PRICE , I GUARANTEE IT .	25	Accusative
If they do n't like it , it 'll only be two days , remember ?	1	Nominative
It 's fine for ...	0	Nominative
If they are getting quotes to put up new rock then we will need to clarify .	1	Nominative
We came at around 730 and they close at 8 and wanted to try the specials but they were out for the day so I would say go way before they close .	24	Nominative
You ca n't beat the price for what you get .	0	Nominative
My cat is a outside cat but she loves it inside .	9	Accusative
I seem to be going out , he said to himself .	7	Nominative
Food is just okay .. wo n't crave it , but would n't mind coming back for a quick meal .	8	Nominative
As far as I can tell , podiobooks.com features " free as in beer " content — material which you can download , but which is n't under a free content license .	19	Nominative
As he walked up Riverside Drive , he became aware of the fact that he was no longer following Stillman .	14	Nominative
' I hastened to assure him I was not in the least typical .	1	Nominative
I was kind of curious , what exactly is Guild Wars ?	0	Nominative
If these amendmnets are agreeable to you can you please print and arrange for execution .	8	Nominative
You also wrote two collections of short stories and a novel .	0	Nominative
Consequently , the proposals could , in practice , produce the opposite effect to that intended and become an obstacle to increased competition .	21	Nominative
We take note of that , Mr von Habsburg , and I should be grateful if you could provide us with this letter .	0	Nominative
Just as I knew we should have to leave .	4	Nominative
What Harry found most unusual about life at Ron 's , however , was n't the talking mirror or the clanking ghoul : it was the fact that everybody there seemed to like him .	33	Accusative
Once they fixed it they answetred all of my questions with no hesitations and then gave me the best quote ever .	3	Accusative
It turned out being very good quality tmobile service and I was happy with the new tmobile phone .	10	Nominative
However , now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $ 6,000 + despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do , I feel I have to voice my opinion .	26	Accusative
The German tourists had gone home , the bathing cabins were nailed shut .	12	Nominative
On the other hand , he could very easily just call me and say hey I 'm busy right now , I 'll call you when I can come out .	5	Nominative
And she knows quite well that we 'd never see each other in London either .	10	Nominative
That rejection got to the point that George Harrison kicked Yoko Ono in the Apple studios during the filming of Let it Be .	21	Nominative
I 've never had a dwarf hamster but I 've had the same problem with my pet rat I put some chicken wiring around it the I got from home depot and now it ca n't out .	33	Nominative
I do n't know where the hell he may be .	7	Nominative
They are quite messy and you can not hold or pet them .	5	Nominative
I 've never met a hamster that did n't bite me .	10	Accusative
Did they think we were going to feel lucky to get any reservation at all , and therefore be more pleased with our dining experience ?	1	Nominative
We shall not only condemn them .	5	Accusative
The answer is likely D : all of the above , due to this being a complex reality we live in .	18	Nominative
Since they knew our preferences , we almost always went along with their menu suggestions and were never sorry we did .	6	Nominative
If in dongle you mean USB stick then yes USB sticks are the same any were you go :) hope that answered your question .	3	Nominative
I feed them Flakes , and Live Earthworms uncut everyday .	2	Accusative
The waiting staff is beyond impeccable ( they refold your napkin when you go to the bathroom ) .	7	Nominative
He had read Quinn 's old work , he had admired it , he had been looking forward to more .	13	Nominative
And then she laughed her laugh , and Quinn felt a little more of himself collapse .	4	Accusative
You hate to see talent get wasted , but honestly I do n't think I could take in a horse right now these issues .	10	Nominative
Hopefully they spice things up or they wo nt be in business long .	1	Nominative
If I can get a few minutes with Mark H. today , I 'm going to propose that I speak to Stan Klimberg about getting this signed before Thursday 's meeting with LIPA .	18	Nominative
As you mark things off , you will be motivated to continue doing so , and seeing it on a regular basis will remind you that your project needs to be done .	1	Nominative
They have undoubtedly recognized their failure in the Arab world and may even be preparing to reopen diplomatic relations with Israel .	0	Nominative
I would like to invite you to come to a site where you can hear talking parakeets that are not just mimicking , but actually talking in sophisticated conversational language .	0	Nominative
She stayed because I held her there by looking at her , the way you can sometimes will a dog into submission .	5	Accusative
remember to give him the time he needs to feel that the room is his - rush it , and he will be afraid of the whole house for a long time .	20	Nominative
Users with an Office 2002 license can also create , design , and modify components in a design environment such as Microsoft FrontPage or Microsoft Access .	25	Nominative
It also helps to mask the scent of any tasty morsels that have been missed when cleaning .	0	Nominative
Alternatively , if life has not been good to you so far , ( and considering your current situation this seems more likely ) consider how lucky you are that it will not be troubling you much longer .	27	Nominative
As described in US News , a former reporter from the Kabul Times actually may have met Sufaat , without realizing it , while traveling near Kabul in October 2001 , perceiving him as Filipino .	21	Accusative
If that 's ok , how do you want your name to show up on the title and what address should I use ?	21	Nominative
Or more if you have drinks .	3	Nominative
There were no other options available ( I only brought my check card to cover any overage cost ) and she rang it up and applied it to the gift card before telling me about the tip policy .	26	Accusative
So if you lose him , he is easier to find , because smaller rodents just LOVE to escape from their cages .	6	Nominative
But I can see that the Archbishop gives him bad marks for lighting up after the main course .	12	Nominative
Against all his expectations , it was a book he himself had written – Suicide Squeeze by William Wilson , the first of the Max Work novels .	10	Accusative
If your washing machine is worth its salt , it will undo those straps in a heartbeat and tie them in a sheet bend unless you prevent it .	19	Accusative
I have hundreds of VHS movies lying around ... what should I do with them ?	14	Accusative
I was sold a phone by a friend and sent it off to get it recycled what can i do ?	10	Nominative
I loved the atmosphere here and the food is good , however the tables are so close together that it feels very cramped .	19	Nominative
We have done considerable research before coming to the conclusions before us tonight .	11	Accusative
They do check the cart as you leave so do n't try to sneak anything past them .	0	Nominative
I was trying to interpret my dreams .	0	Nominative
" What do I need English for ?	5	Nominative
I met Gwenzi 's brother in London one day while he was at Gray 's Inn ;	0	Nominative
If you 're adventurous you can take a bus or water taxi to My Tho ( near where we live ) or Can Tho .	4	Nominative
Of course , they would be closing in 5 minutes , so I would have to hurry up or get it the next day .	20	Accusative
I shook hands with this miracle , and I learned he was the Company 's chief accountant , and that all the bookkeeping was done at this station .	0	Nominative
I explained to him what I wanted and that I previously went to Braman Honda .	3	Accusative
While it 's not cheap , Alto will give you an experience you 'll never forget .	12	Nominative
Spreading democracy over the world , the Americans first fought rigged elections in Syria , but the old corruption continued despite all their power and money could do .	7	Nominative
If you have to wait , due to financial reasons , then wait .	1	Nominative
They did it once already in Iraq .	0	Nominative
Rachel Rook took Carroll home to meet her parents two months after she first slept with him .	12	Nominative
Tell me , what events is today important such as how many elephants Hannibal had on the Alps , when you can have helicopters ?	20	Nominative
I need prices for May , June , and July .	0	Nominative
Now I 'm the youngest and I just got my period so now we all have ours and he thinks it 's a good thing ?	1	Nominative
But if you want to murder by suicide , you do not have to board a plane in order to explode yourself and kill many people .	2	Nominative
Yes , it would be an execution punishment .	2	Nominative
Er – I do n't want to be rude or anything , but – this is n't a great time for me to have a house-elf in my bedroom .	0	Nominative
Nearly 30,000 people packed the streets of San Francisco to pay him homage at his funeral .	11	Accusative
Not many of those she looked at ever saw her again – not half , by a long way .	4	Nominative
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar 's property ) .	14	Nominative
Anything you could do to help further my goals would be appreciated .	1	Nominative
He and Kollek discuss seasonings .	0	Nominative
But what their contented little minds will never know is that I knew it when I took the job , I knew it all along , and I 'll say it now as loud as I 'd say it then ...	15	Nominative
Thank you for the help .	1	Accusative
Two males can fight and you definitely do n't want babies !!	5	Nominative
She placed a shredded rectangle on the desk , and Carroll picked it up between his thumb and forefinger .	12	Accusative
I know that if my garage door needs to be repaired , I will be calling A CLASS Garage Doors	12	Nominative
And when I move it I guess he figures I 'm playing . x.x	5	Nominative
If it covered ball games as badly as it reviews books , the fans would storm it like the Bastille .	9	Nominative
A very good friend of mine highly recommended the Professional Driving School and I was told to specifically ask for Gerry .	13	Nominative
" Beijing may end up in a early 1990s Japan situation , where it is forced to sell recently purchased overseas assets for a fraction of what it paid for them . "	30	Accusative
I need creative art ideas ?	0	Nominative
Yes , I suppose I wo n't know my way around when I get into town .	4	Nominative
They also made one other change , they are taking out the " subject to recall " language at the bottom of page 2 under item # 1 .	7	Nominative
I have gone there time and time again whenever I need to get my hair done or when I want a haircut .	9	Nominative
Saying that I need to give him my address or else I have intimacy issues is not helpful .	6	Accusative
If I found a spot , I could nt fit in it .	6	Nominative
If you get a good wife , you 'll become happy ; if you get a bad one , you 'll become a philosopher .	13	Nominative
i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs .	0	Nominative
But what would I do ?	3	Nominative
Start here if you were born in Ontario .	3	Nominative
I took the weekend off and came in and asked for the manager who is Jeff and he remembered her right away even remembered her dog , I was a bit shocked that someone would pay that close attention .	17	Nominative
" Would n't it be the most horrible of ironies if the Jews had collected themselves conveniently in one country for a second Holocaust ? "	15	Accusative
When I discovered Wikipedia , I recognized that the wiki model had the potential to build the how-to resource the world really needs .	1	Nominative
they seemed more interested in helping me find the right car rather then just make a sale .	6	Accusative
There was certainly more despair in Saddam 's Iraq than in Paul Bremmer 's Iraq , and no one exploded himself .	20	Accusative
It was a tournament that I wish we 'd actually gone back to more often .	0	Nominative
I found them and purchased both from a gallery in London , William Weston .	0	Nominative
I am sending you a letter from their atty .	3	Accusative
Ca n't catch you this time but 14721 keep me posted on your next trip .	3	Accusative
I left you a voice mail on Friday .	0	Nominative
I go to school in the area and usually wait until I go home to get my hair cut .	11	Nominative
Over two hours later ( and ten minutes before they closed ) my car was finally finished .	9	Nominative
We need to be more ' rigorous ' about how we perceive these people .	0	Nominative
By the way , I am interested in re-looking at a Picasso ( although we have 2 ) that your gallery had a couple of years ago .	14	Nominative
Keep a copy of these steps for yourself and whenever you need money , you can use it again , and again .	7	Accusative
I also had a pedicure , and they cut my nails too short , one of my big toes looks like it s getting infected .	21	Nominative
I do n't understand , what do you mean by " log in an email " ?	7	Nominative
He 's the issue , you are trying to " Make " them mate .	12	Accusative
An autofilter is always applied before a conditional filter , regardless of the order in which you applied them .	18	Accusative
I ca n't believe there are no serious metal fans who frequent RI .	0	Nominative
I googled Garage Door Repair in Woodinville and found NDI - Johnette answered the phone and was oh - so pleasant and helpful !	0	Nominative
I did n't know what I was missing .	0	Nominative
My sister in law told me about this amazing new crepe place in town , I was so excited I just wanted to go and test it out for my self !	5	Accusative
No , it was guys .	2	Nominative
I suspect it will not change greatly ... but you never know how much stock people put in the news .	2	Nominative
prime ribs have very good food but it s super expensive	7	Nominative
Once , I remember , we came upon a man-of-war anchored off the coast .	2	Nominative
That 's it .	2	Nominative
When there are a lot of people , say , " You 're probably wondering why I 've gathered you here today . "	11	Nominative
Then 1 lap at a walk around the arena with both my legs pulled out as far as I can , so they are not touching the saddle .	22	Nominative
Even if you do n't find the foreigner 's office you 'll be fine in the normal Reservation Office of any big train station .	10	Nominative
There was a long shocked silence when he had finished .	7	Nominative
And which one of us 's been taking Rebecca to the Sputnik ?	4	Accusative
They will be there by noon on the 20th , and the surgery will last 1.5 hours and then they 'll watch him for 2 more hours before they put him into ICU .	22	Accusative
Do n't blame him please , he feels lonely and wants to show his attention to all of you to look after you , please forgive and sympathy if he miss something .	18	Accusative
After execution , we will forward a final copy to you for your files .	3	Nominative
But you cannot repeat mistakes because the world is not built on repetition ; it ’s built on mutation .	1	Nominative
Be sure to ring the little bell on your way out if you enjoyed your meal !	12	Nominative
Access 2002 provides a PivotTable view for datasheets and forms .	0	Nominative
I normally do n't write reviews but seeing that I considered Dillards a distinguished , upscale place to shop , this one wo n't be getting my business , nor my family 's , nor my co-workers .	9	Nominative
Then she sighed in a way that seemed to suggest she was regretting her decision to take him home .	17	Accusative
And she offered him the flowerpot .	3	Accusative
Do n’t you think Darfur is repetition ?	2	Nominative
I do n't want to wait till month end , let 's adjust the numbers now and for the June 29 2nd order , let s take that value into June since it relates to July puts .	11	Accusative
" But do n't Americans know that Sadat was a Nazi ? " the librarian says .	10	Nominative
I took my 3 year old son here at the weekend and to be honest , apart from the shark walkway , I thought it was rubbish and overpriced .	24	Nominative
You can establish you own rules as to how a player catches the snitch .	3	Nominative
Lopez addressed the note which I had written , sealed it with his sleeve - link , and sent it by the hand of the servant , Jose .	5	Nominative
" We take document security seriously , " she said , but refused to give any more details about how the papers came to be on a road .	8	Nominative
He did not ask me to sit down after my twenty-mile walk that morning .	4	Accusative
Anyone else find it a little suspicious that there are not only 20 reviews for this dentist ( a HUGE number compared to the others in the area ) , but that they all have the same unique grammar structure ?	32	Nominative
I have spoken with Mark Lay and he is interested .	7	Nominative
Paris was born in Switzerland but her parents moved her to the United Kingdom when she was six so they could be closer to the church 's headquarters .	9	Accusative
Feels like you are in Brooklyn , but people watching is entertaining .	2	Nominative
You want your dog to admire you as his pack leader , not fear you .	14	Accusative
For example , after we 've opened up by asking about this person 's interest in the band in his / her username , it 's logical and reasonable to ask about this person 's musical likes and dislikes .	4	Nominative
Thing is , it worked .	3	Nominative
Though '' decided '' is probably not the right word , since from the day they were born , these girls and boys were not taught to think for themselves but to blindly follow their leaders .	15	Nominative
Who is he ? "	2	Nominative
I was wondering if it would be OK for me to sit in with you one day to get a general feel of your end of the process .	14	Accusative
They set off together down the street .	0	Nominative
In the past , he has talked in apocalyptic terms about a violent end to the world , according to former members .	4	Nominative
The Dutch students have yet to decide if they will be commercializing their electric motorcycle .	8	Nominative
Typically , we receive both FX and inflation from you , but both curves may not always be used .	2	Nominative
I googled restaurants in the area and Fuji Sushi came up and reviews were great so I made a carry out order of : L 17 .	16	Nominative
He was exchanged in November 1780 and served on General George Washington 's staff for the remainder of the American Revolution .	0	Nominative
For some reason , Quinn had not expected this , and it threw him off track .	13	Accusative
Still , you have a better chance of some peace and quiet , and the weather can be surprisingly better in April and September than in mid-July – again , it ’s all part of the uncertainty principle .	2	Nominative
And it has , because it is spring and inside the ground something is stirring .	1	Nominative
That is , of course , if you can get a laugh .	7	Nominative
First of if i went alone on a regular cabin how much would you estimate it would be just a guess .	13	Nominative
If you 're signed up for a class , check with your instructor to find out if there is a dress code at the school .	1	Nominative
She opened the door for Quinn .	0	Nominative
It 's never ok to let a customer walk out unhappy , especially when they are right .	0	Nominative
We 've had a crate made to transport Fritzi , and she 's been trying it on him .	0	Nominative
There was no air at all in the living-room , and a strong smell of hot fat .	13	Nominative
i was too tired to give you any action .	6	Accusative
I believe that there might be a sign - flipping problem for PUTS that 's causing this whole issue .	0	Nominative
He arrived in 1777 at the age of 23 , and served as a military engineer in the Continental Army with Major General Lafayette .	0	Nominative
I will be in Sao Paulo on Monday , September 20 , 1999 .	0	Nominative
“ When I ’m playing him , I feel powerful , ” the Donald Trump impersonator John Di Domenico explained to Slate last year .	2	Nominative
I never wait in the waiting room more than two minutes and the cleanings are quick and painless .	0	Nominative
I made sure that my letter would be delivered .	0	Nominative
It 's not completely clear how much stress this hypnosis causes .	0	Nominative
What do you think the impact will be for the Paralympic movement will be with the Games being televised live in the United States for first time ?	2	Nominative
Please let me know when he can expect to receive it .	5	Nominative
If they screw up you could be in worse shape than you are now !	4	Nominative
you 'll be more or less settled by the time she arrives .	10	Nominative
Gracee is more excited to see her than she is to see me !!!!	6	Accusative
he will reassure himself that no other animal is in there , and that no other animal will come in - he is afraid that he is in someone else 's territory when he is in a new house .	3	Accusative
We 're quite far from our goals currently , but we take comfort in the fact that every month wikiHow gets noticeably better and larger	10	Nominative
I anticipate completing the review of the Master Agreement form and submitting comments to you by Monday .	14	Accusative
Secondly , we can not support proposals for the split in funding or criteria in relation to the new Structural Fund regulation .	9	Nominative
I mean , I was n't smart enough to apply for a scholarship .	0	Nominative
I wo n't forget about the $ .	0	Nominative
( Do n't wish to use Wikipedia again , it 's just easier than spending time looking up more obscure and detailed information . )	9	Nominative
( Because apparently my mom is very picky , she says the bird might get sick if it does n't eat the right food ) IS there any specific food I might find at any pet shop ?	17	Nominative
I say , NO , I am at the RADISON WARWICK HOTEL in Rittenhouse Square .	5	Nominative
Someone else I found that said they could do it but wanted to charge me more and give me less warranty .	14	Accusative
I had the impression he 'll be ambassador to U.N.	0	Nominative
The sunlight turned her hair to fire and Carroll found it difficult to look directly at her .	10	Accusative
Thank you for helping to preserve my teeth .	1	Accusative
Thank you for your patience and I hope you can take a few moments to enjoy the holidays .	8	Nominative
My fear and discomfort from dental work scared me !	8	Accusative
You should give her a try - it 's worth every penny to know that you pet is in GREAT hands with Wunderbar pet sitting !!!!	0	Nominative
I personally have had wonderful service and if you re truely looking for a FAMILY practice ... Warner Family is the place for you .	8	Nominative
We had an inside cabin and it is what I would recommend .	9	Nominative
It 's a book of opening , Overtures I called it , and there is no end to the stories .	8	Nominative
Wolf reintroduction in the northern Rockies has been so successful the Fish and Wildlife Service has moved to reduce the animal 's status from endangered to threatened and , eventually , to remove it from the endangered species list altogether .	33	Accusative
Those worthy fellows who 've gone down South to Rhodesia and South Africa where they can feel confident they 'll never have a black man on the Bench to give a verdict as biased as a white man 's .	14	Nominative
I guess they figured me for an easy mark , and tried to explain that my car would n't pass unless I replaced a hose .	4	Accusative
We have received the executed First Amendment to ISDA Master Agreement dated as of December 1 , 1999 .	0	Nominative
Yes you can carry your duty free bottles , and liquids onto your connection as it is only a domestic flight :-)	15	Nominative
Since most people are going there anyway , you can always ask people to share taxi .	8	Nominative
If you think that May 1 may be difficult due to receiving the parts / materials on a timely basis because of the issues that vendors may have with us because of recent Enron events , please let me know .	29	Accusative
I am expecting to pay something in the $ 3, to $ 5,000 range .	0	Nominative
The only way to fight this new " popular " weapon is identical to the only way in which you fight organized crime or pirates on the high seas : the offensive way .	19	Nominative
I dare n't say dine – we 're homeless , you know ...	0	Nominative
Plus , I work with Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that , instead of having a lawyer she has n't dealt with initial it .	2	Nominative
At parties she does not want to be considered in any way attached to you , which is consistent .	2	Nominative
Richard Harper and Mary Nell Browning may have some ideas here but I am sure you 've already gone through it with them .	22	Accusative
When he had come to the end , he said , Do you think I 'm crazy ?	0	Nominative
It 's " tall " being it 's bigger than a pony , but it 's on the small end for a horse .	14	Nominative
It is recommend that you use short words since they are commonly used .	4	Nominative
It 's a nice bike and it cost a lot of money .	6	Nominative
" There is always the possibility they could jam us up , make us look like we are not numero uno , " Pike said .	6	Nominative
I understood it was an Oath to ALL of our people .	0	Nominative
I asked myself what I was to do there , now my boat was lost .	4	Nominative
I could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and sell an animal as meat the way I prefer to eat it .	9	Nominative
When I said yes to Mweta I knew it and every time I walk past the title on my office door I know it .	0	Nominative
Margot Wentz said , looking at no one , That one ca n't say .	6	Nominative
I 'm like , ‘ Are you insane ?	0	Nominative
They did nt take x - rays they offered them but i just could nt afford any more treatment .	11	Nominative
However , through this glorious affair I got my appointment , before I had fairly begun to hope for it .	6	Nominative
In general I would say that the staff is attentive and nice .	2	Nominative
If you feel this guy is worth it then I hope your vet can figure things out .	7	Accusative
I 'd go if I were you , or she 'll tell everyone in London you were buttering up to the Africans and did n't want to see them .	0	Nominative
I looked at motocross and the more I looked , this one woman ’s face kept coming up , in photographs that looked as if they were from the 1970s .	25	Nominative
He had nothing , he knew nothing , he knew that he knew nothing .	11	Nominative
Fresleven – that was the fellow 's name , a Dane – thought himself wronged somehow in the bargain , so he went ashore and started to hammer the chief of the village with a stick .	13	Accusative
I must confess I do n't remember you .	0	Nominative
I enjoyed working with all of you during the past five years at Enron / Azurix , and I wish you all of the best .	0	Nominative
I may have to postpone again , I 'll let you know later this morning .	10	Nominative
My advise to all is I have fallen into this trap ... pl ensure you do nt !!!	5	Nominative
He jumped the last six stairs , landing catlike on the hall carpet , looking around for Dobby .	0	Nominative
Bredders take the one that in not very interested and put it alone in a breeeding tank for 3 - 5 days .	11	Accusative
They took on the challenge of making my Ferrari all I dreamed of and more .	0	Nominative
Do n't be too sure , he continued .	1	Nominative
He lay on his bed watching the sun sinking behind the bars on the window and wondered miserably what was going to happen to him .	0	Nominative
It emphasizes consumerism , the belief that success always goes to people who merit it due to their abilities , dedication and qualifications , and reinforces , rather than changes , existing ideas related to gender , ethnicity and nationality .	14	Accusative
Their seasons are the same as all the countries in the Northern Hemisphere but I would suggest fall .	14	Nominative
Other countries , including the ones you mention , have stronger social orientations in all aspects of society .	6	Nominative
You could also just wait until the rat passes out for about 1 minute and them feed it - at this point , it could still have a bit of a heart beat and be slightly still alive .	0	Nominative
And they must be greeted with an open spirit and clear mind because they form the new generation of beauty and hope .	13	Nominative
Comments can be forwarded to me via email , pager ( 888.916.7184 ) , voicemail ( 415.782.7822 ) , or home ( 415.621.8317 ) .	5	Accusative
But if you like going to the movies , you should love Bowtie .	9	Nominative
“ We are actively thinking of possible ways to limit the scope of litigation to only those with a real standing in a project , ” he was quoted as saying .	26	Nominative
Now we come to the references to Macao .	1	Nominative
EDIT : I love how she says it 's not callum but does n't deny it 's me .... i think we all know who she 's talking about ...	21	Nominative
I always ask leave , in the interests of science , to measure the crania of those going out there , he said .	21	Nominative
" We called her the inventor of the 89 degrees .	3	Accusative
When common sense takes a back seat to politics and legal mumbo jumbo what have we become ?	15	Nominative
I understood it was an Oath to ALL of our people .	2	Nominative
He had the same pale , pointed face and identical cold grey eyes .	0	Nominative
And that ad had pulled so many girls , because they -- I think they all thought that nice girls do n't do this .	12	Nominative
China is seeking the construction of a pipeline from Iran to the Caspian Sea , where it would link with another planned pipeline running from Kazakhstan to China .	16	Nominative
I got him back the first of the month and he had lost some weight but attributed that to be worked everyday ( I expected him to drop some ) .	10	Nominative
Why , in God 's name ? I cried .	7	Nominative
The taxpayer who has to pay for it , the smaller undertakings and species-friendly stock rearing all fall by the wayside .	16	Nominative
" Snowman did n't think anything of Johnny Carson getting a step ladder and sitting back to front on him , " he adds .	19	Accusative
( I hope that the US army got an enormous amount of information from her relatives , because otherwise this move was a bad , bad tradeoff ) .	1	Nominative
He did n't have my number either because this was the first time I 've called HIM instead of his dad .	16	Accusative
Not many people know that , she said .	6	Nominative
I also wish I 'd applied for a scholarship .	0	Nominative
( ps. I 'm assuming you 'll stop off in Wellington , and since it s summer , may I recommend kaffee eis ice creams and gelatos ?	19	Nominative
It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone who does n't know anything about it and get them to initial it .	0	Nominative
Here he identifies two basic orientations in translating based on two different types of equivalence :	1	Nominative
After your initial greeting and exchange of pleasantries , you 'll probably want to ask how the person 's doing ( just like you might in the real world ) .	23	Nominative
A lot on the web , we 've used most of the local city papers , New York Press , things like that , L Magazine .	6	Nominative
Will be staying here any and every time I come anywhere near .	8	Nominative
I know I need some of your organizational skills .	0	Nominative
Please let me know if you need anything else .	5	Nominative
These facilities we 've chosen have a noteworthy legacy of preserving space artifacts and providing outstanding access to U.S. and international visitors . "	2	Nominative
I love her . :)	2	Accusative
We start with the headline and then flesh out the story , as opposed to The New York Times , which writes the issue and then has a headline editor to make it snappy .	0	Nominative
We 'll show them how good we all are and well-meaning and generous and open-minded and evenhanded .	3	Accusative
This time it reached him , but he refused to believe that she no longer wanted to be married to him .	4	Accusative
Dash it all ! I thought to myself , they ca n't trade without using some kind of craft on that lot of fresh water – steamboats !	11	Nominative
" The way she drew a staircase you would smash your head against the ceiling , and the space was reducing and reducing , and you would end up in the upper corner of the ceiling .	3	Nominative
I will never go to another vet as long as I have animals .	10	Nominative
They bake bread fresh daily , they do n't press their sandwiches which is the way I like it , and the meat is always fresh .	16	Nominative
Thank you for your recent request for Mr. Lay to speak at your conference .	1	Accusative
I would recommend not using this company .	0	Nominative
Friendliest place I have ever stayed !	2	Nominative
Tronicus , if you 're still checking this thread :	3	Nominative
i want to know which you liked better and WHY ?	5	Nominative
Can you please give me a call to discuss trademarking ?	1	Nominative
He returned with two bottles , placed them on a wooden crate that served as the coffee table , and sat down on the sofa across from Quinn .	7	Accusative
she needs to develop a personality !	0	Nominative
They said they were " unable to tell me until they ordered my dress " .	2	Nominative
He knows his own mind but he 's not an intransigent fellow at all ...	6	Nominative
following up on our discussion yesterday ; for these types of deals , i do nt think it s necessary to have all the documentation of our counterparty 's authorization to enter into the agreement .	17	Nominative
In the second book I made another experiment .	4	Nominative
I find the adults are much easier .	0	Nominative
He was three times seriously wounded .	5	Nominative
In 1519 , he became ruler of the Habsburg empire , and he gained the title Holy Roman Emperor in 1530 .	12	Nominative
Their hell is a personal dissatisfaction with themselves if they are mediocre . "	9	Nominative
( we live in Pennsylvania btw ) I 'm mad and upset now !	1	Nominative
No one is very patient .	0	Nominative
I have been going to Warner Family for a number of years and would highly recommend it to anyone .	0	Nominative
For example , you can select from the Promotions row field all the promotions that run for a specific period and create a group .	0	Nominative
i wo nt go back !	0	Nominative
He smoked a cigarette , and then another , and then another .	0	Nominative
Please help us by logging onto the Rockin on the River website at .	2	Accusative
He deserved respect	0	Nominative
this kebab shop is one of the best around the meat is good and fresh and the chilly sauce is the best , keep them lovely kebabs coming and a happy new year to all the staff	24	Accusative
The countryside is very beautiful , especially if you have a few months ( or years ) to get to know the place .	8	Nominative
" We called her the inventor of the 89 degrees .	1	Nominative
In that one brief moment he knew that he was in trouble .	8	Nominative
When a user connects to the SQL Server database through a Microsoft Access project , the connection is enabled through a Windows NT user account .	22	Nominative
I was looking at the recent pullback in ENE and thinking it might be an opportunity to buy back the calls you sold .	11	Nominative
I will discuss with AA the following	0	Nominative
You might end up as a no show passenger .	0	Nominative
You 'd think they would do a good job but they do n't care unless they are getting paid full price .	10	Nominative
What is your cat s name and why did you name him / her that ?	13	Accusative
She dived under the table to retrieve the bowl and emerged with her face glowing like the setting sun .	12	Accusative
I expected to pay for this service , but imagine my surprise when I received a bill for MORE than what I paid to have the original return prepared .	13	Nominative
Did you think when you created it that the Santorum cocktail would receive this news coverage ?	1	Nominative
if you do have a male but they are not in the same cage or breeding but you touch him then her she will smell his sent and probably lay eggs .	19	Accusative
They may look young but do n't let that fool you , as their knowledge of music far surpassed what we expected .	10	Accusative
" In our view , we did not believe we changed or made worse the financial situation .	5	Nominative
You should e mail her sometimes .	4	Accusative
it s kind of expensive though	0	Nominative
Directive 96/96/EC established the principle that commercial road vehicles must undergo an annual roadworthiness test at an approved testing centre .	17	Nominative
You can use the mint in cooking , as well as it serving a deterrent purpose .	11	Nominative
Tom 's group would like to know if we have any interesting in buying the crude on either a fixed or floating basis .	8	Nominative
I left a voicemail for Sharon Butcher , as well , just to make sure it is handled .	15	Nominative
Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement , and condition the final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what 's in the draft ?	1	Nominative
Catalano moved back to the area after living in London and then Glasgow , where he had studied jewellery design at Glasgow School of Art .	15	Nominative
I came in 30 min before close and the staff was super helpful .	0	Nominative
If you could respond to me on this request , thanks	5	Accusative
complete with original Magnavox tubes - all tubes have been tested they are all good - stereo amp	11	Nominative
Hagrid seized Harry by the scruff of the neck and pulled him away from the witch , knocking the tray right out of her hands .	11	Accusative
" That 's why he did the Campbell Soup cans or the Marilyn pictures , these iconic products of American culture whether they be in film , video or actually products we consumed .	22	Nominative
My boyfriend and I were woken up in the middle of the night at our campsite by drunken kids who 'd arrived around 1:00 am and were drinking at the springs .	3	Nominative
I just like the fact that he was able to do the specific type of repair I wanted ( a reball ) and give me the longest warranty and even a lower price .	24	Accusative
My mom told me how to tame them and I was very happy with the results .	9	Nominative
We recently asked you to create an eSpeak " wish list " for us .	13	Accusative
For obvious reasons , knowing how extremely difficult it is to drive a car in the city , you should probably try to be near the subway system .	8	Nominative
“ Freeloaders drive systemic evolution , ” you find yourself saying .	7	Nominative
It ’s this quiet experience where you are trying to soak in what the joke is , have we done anything like this , is it a unique take , what are other people doing .	0	Nominative
Gloria temporarily improved during the rare times they used conventional treatments , but they soon dropped them in favour of homeopathy , and she consistently worsened .	23	Nominative
He took the time to explain things to me about my computer , i would recommend you go to him .	16	Nominative
International law does not know how to deal with a leader of murderers who is royally and comfortably hosted by a country , which pretends to condemn his acts or just claims to be too weak to arrest him .	38	Accusative
You can even take some words of languages , altering them or not .	10	Accusative
I am vacation until the 22nd but Per is up to speed and I would like to make sure that you keep up with him and any HR / Legal activity that may occur .	13	Nominative
This particular chair is designed to help with back problems , which she has .	12	Nominative
Let 's talk tomorrow .	1	Accusative
I have been using Steele Electric for years .	0	Nominative
Please let us know if you need anything else .	5	Nominative
Ok so if youre snake will take pre-killed , you can " gas it " .	9	Nominative
( it 's all outdoors and the pictures are only a fourth of the real Everland ! )	1	Nominative
My purpose was to stroll into the shade for a moment ; but no sooner within than it seemed to me I had stepped into a gloomy circle of some Inferno .	20	Accusative
He paused .	0	Nominative
The doctor has an injection gun and while my mother is focused on my daughter , she puts it firmly against my mother ’s arm and puts the chip in .	18	Accusative
We will still be around to assist them if needed .	7	Accusative
Now-and-then history treats us to an interval of freedom and civilization and we make much of it .	3	Accusative
They also got my friend s order mixed up and wanted to charger her $ 10 more than what she had wanted .	19	Nominative
I am free at 8 am on Friday before Rick 's budget meeting .	0	Nominative
" No , " she said .	4	Nominative
This place is identical to the Youngstown Sports Grille , so I imagine they are owned / operated by the same people .	13	Nominative
I WAS ALSO THERE OF JULY 4TH 2008 , WHEN MY DAUGHTER S BUFFALO WINGS CAME OUT WITH A FLY ON IT .	0	Nominative
If all this is really happening , he said , then I must keep my eyes open .	7	Nominative
They may also give themselves undue credit for positive achievements instead of acknowledging the input of others or of circumstances .	4	Accusative
Once the vodka is cold , it should be syrupy .	6	Nominative
Dr. Chao you are the best dentist I have ever had .	2	Nominative
Make sure that it is a language that while speaking , you do n't get a literal knot in your tongue !	3	Nominative
But in the domestic ceremony of passed dishes and filled glasses thoughts of a destructive enemy are hard to grasp .	6	Nominative
I , nor anyone else in my family , will ever go to Sun Devil Auto again .	0	Nominative
I like to imagine the thought processes going on in W 's head if he were to actually read the letter , but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter .	28	Accusative
When I get my hair done there , they use enough hairstyling products while it does not ruin your hair .	14	Nominative
If you 're going to go through the trouble of creating a sump for this tank , getting a protein skimmer would n't be a bad idea .	1	Nominative
All you need to do is place your favorite combination of Skittles candies into a glass or bottle of vodka and wait for it to infuse .	23	Nominative
And , everyone , all of our friends and all of our acquaintances would say , " Hey , you 'd get along with him really well . "	24	Accusative
At the Darunta complex where jihadis trained , recruits would wear green uniforms , except for Friday when they were washed .	18	Nominative
I 'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow .	9	Nominative
It is interesting to note that this company was made bankrupt by the British cinema industry due to the despotism and pedantry of George Harrison , who believed that the cinema industry would have worshiped him .	35	Accusative
Any good poses or programs ( I 'm willing to buy a dvd as long as it is under $ 20 ) to help specifically with leg stabilization ?	6	Nominative
Does she have any interest in meeting one - on - one or is she just looking for a public hanging ?	1	Nominative
That way , you can easily stack boxes on top of one another .	3	Nominative
Professor Eastman said he is alarmed by what they found .	8	Nominative
It would be helpful to have a separate place to record his thoughts , his observations , and his questions .	10	Nominative
In the past , it had sometimes comforted him to make the world disappear .	8	Accusative
Should I be concerned ?	1	Nominative
I am going up soon and having the tractor fixed .	0	Nominative
Because we think IT 'S THE BEST !!!	1	Nominative
This place had the worst tasting pizza I have ever tasted it was possible the worst food I 've ever eaten .	7	Nominative
Whether it is appropriate or not is another thing we leave to the pros to decide .	1	Nominative
Well one day he said to me You know i do n't wear Underwear as he was bent over Working on my Mare s Right front hoof .. and I was Like Ummmm okay ???	6	Accusative
the bird must know that when you open the cage door it means that you will put him in the cage , and birds do n't usually like cages .	14	Nominative
I understand you have a brand new truck .	2	Nominative
I also wonder if he might have had a slight stroke ?	0	Nominative
In June and July of 1973 , he accumulated 56 points , enough to meet the minimum requirement for the 1973 - 1974 year .	7	Nominative
Thank you for your help .	1	Accusative
My advise to all is I have fallen into this trap ... pl ensure you do nt !!!	14	Nominative
However , it is okay to wash just a few items with them , like blue jeans .	2	Nominative
While dancing ballet takes dedication and requires serious training , you can learn the basics to prepare yourself for further study .	17	Accusative
Do n't take that deal out until I look at it .	7	Nominative
But , you could live where ever you fancy takes you .	10	Accusative
How much more could you accomplish as an individual if you could learn any activity ?	10	Nominative
The next time you feel like being condescending to someone , it is not going to be me !!!!!!	17	Accusative
i 've only tried to feed him one at a time .	6	Accusative
In addition , he strengthened defenses between Egypt and Asia , building the Walls of the Ruler in the East Delta region .	3	Nominative
In a few words ... I 'm pleasantly surprised that you can still find " old school " service out there where company care more about good name and customers than their pockets ...	5	Nominative
Pointe-à-Pitre : with its suburbs , it is the economic capital of Guadeloupe	6	Nominative
I have been eating Cuban for a long time , sandwiches mainly along with other dishes ..	0	Nominative
I 'm mostly joking when I talk about suicide and really I 'm not that stupid I just get in stupid situations D:	5	Nominative
They also got my friend s order mixed up and wanted to charger her $ 10 more than what she had wanted .	0	Nominative
They talk down to you like they are supreme beings , if you hate your job so much then quit !!	0	Nominative
Bottom if you are worried about the snake burning itself put something overt it like newspaper ...	9	Accusative
How many times do you suppose you ’ve served it at your establishment since its creation ?	9	Accusative
I would reccomend anyone to go see Jana Kueck and Robin Talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer .	0	Nominative
You may regard my views as those of the proverbial taxi driver , which you are supposed to question , when you visit a country .	0	Nominative
This article will show you how to save time and prevent wear , extending the life of your overalls until they are so soft you could wear them to bed .	24	Nominative
I 'm sure it s not every day that a funeral director sees the same family in such a short time .	0	Nominative
When you open an Access file , if Access does n't find a referenced file in the specified location , it searches for the reference as follows .	17	Nominative
For example , you can group the values in the ShippedDate field into months to show data for orders shipped in January , orders shipped in February , and so on .	5	Nominative
Well , I mean , you do n't have to be mad about it .	13	Accusative
it s for a craft project ..... i want to use it the way u would use icing ....	0	Nominative
She remarked that tomorrow she must pick the dill for drying .	10	Nominative
He 's not giving 85 % away , he 's giving a number of shares each year that decrease in number at the rate of 5 % a year ( until gone ? ) .	0	Nominative
I believe that Doug told me the extra was for the cashout that was not invoiced .	0	Nominative
Anything that you want to put off but takes two minutes to do - do it .	2	Nominative
I had paid in cash , and he said he had no receipt / record of my purchase .	0	Nominative
When the guys arrived ( 2 hours later than agreed ) they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from Brooklyn and extra $ 100 for them to drive back from your destination .	14	Nominative
DPA : Iraqi authorities announced that they had busted up 3 terrorist cells operating in Baghdad .	6	Nominative
I trust you and believe that you 'll be able to handle this and all you have to do is to reciprocate !	0	Nominative
GILDEROY LOCKHART will be signing copies of his autobiography MAGICAL ME today 12:30 to 4:30 pm .	15	Nominative
So I sent him to the trainers the first of September to be started on the barrels .	1	Nominative
... Nope and I am proud of it ... because my teacher have nt taught us that yet ...	3	Nominative
Before he could get up and leave , the words were already out of his mouth . Do you find it exciting ?	1	Nominative
The prices were worth what I got .	5	Nominative
It 's light proof and makes sure you get no problems when opening the camera .	7	Nominative
You can place the chicken on its breast instead .	0	Nominative
In Microsoft Access , you can use a connection file to bind one or more data access pages to a data source .	2	Nominative
They are located at the same place .	0	Nominative
I have never seen this car before until this lady at wal mart had it and she told me she got it here and that everyone was so nice to her .	0	Nominative
If sites next to you do n't have what you want , contact your nearest comp.sources.unix archive , or the moderator .	4	Accusative
I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions ( first Argentina ) and thought your expertise would be very helpful .	0	Nominative
I did n't know that I did n't register him in the ridiculous amount of paperwork I had filled out in the hospital and was supposed to go to city hall within 90 days .	0	Nominative
He made a resigned grimace assuming understanding ... My wife and I decided we could n't stick it any longer .	6	Nominative
We 've booked Italy tickets this week for departing Houston on Friday , May 24 to Newark / Rome and returning on Sunday , June 9 from Rome to Newark / Houston .	0	Nominative
Please , let me know if you interested in introducing Peter to executives in your organization .	3	Accusative
And so we can compete against each other all the time within Australia but we really need to be able to ...	14	Nominative
It is old news that the Tamil Tigers have developed a strong network within South Africa .	0	Nominative
I received this draft from Niagara Mohawk Marketing , Inc. for our review .	0	Nominative
We had a large party , about fifty people or so , and yet everything was served quickly and we all had a wonderful time .	19	Nominative
We accecpt : Visa , MasterCard , Amex , Dinner s Club / Carte Blanche , & Personal Checks / Money Orders .	0	Nominative
I told Paul that you called him yesterday so abruptly because you did n't want to waste his time while you got tests done for arthritis .	0	Nominative
She sounded breathless and kept patting her hair .	6	Accusative
Thought you 'd like to know that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the Compaq Center ... it 's all about you and your needs .	1	Nominative
I have used Bright Futures for the last 7 years .	0	Nominative
Can you accept that the road we are travelling points toward a grim and painful future ?	6	Nominative
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	10	Nominative
Keep his cage open and go on your computer , or read a book , etc and maybe he will come out to you .	23	Accusative
You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment , but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you .	19	Nominative
He felt as though Auster were taunting him with the things he had lost , and he responded with envy and rage , a lacerating self-pity .	11	Nominative
That was not in agreement eather , but they realy demand it .	8	Nominative
And they usually come out within a few days .	1	Nominative
He said they are looking for people and based on what I told him an interview was a formality .	11	Nominative
If they 're going kinda slow and like fake biting ( not biting as hard as they can ) , and fake scratching ( not hitting as hard as they can with their paws ) then they 're playing .	36	Nominative
We hauled the horse to Windsor and got him treated there .	8	Accusative
I wanted to watch it with them , but they decided they ’d rather watch it without me in the end .	11	Nominative
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar 's property ) .	0	Nominative
So I really felt like this place was extremely outdated especially since the pictures make it look nice and modern .	1	Nominative
Marly asked me to respond to you .	6	Accusative
They could n't use real Quidditch balls , which would have been hard to explain if they had escaped and flown away over the village ; instead they threw apples for each other to catch .	32	Nominative
He will also release any and all patent issues .	0	Nominative
Unless you want to take the " tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she 's obviously not loving " approach which will likely get you ... uh ... nowhere .	1	Nominative
I was very pleased to find my accommodations and the hotel staff to be a very calming and comforting part of my trip .	0	Nominative
Can you find out who I need to send it to in HR ?	9	Nominative
We look forward to your response .	0	Nominative
Was wondering if anyone knew a rough estimate of how much it costs with travel and training	11	Nominative
They promise them the delights , mostly sexual , of the next world , and pay their families handsomely after the supreme act is performed and enough innocent people are dead .	0	Nominative
I sent this to Mary last week .	0	Nominative
I enjoyed working with you and wish you the best of everything .	7	Accusative
Many thanks , and may God bless you all and keep you healthy .	7	Accusative
Light came out of this river since – you say Knights ?	10	Nominative
Fortunately , overcoming your procrastination is easy to do when you put your mind to it .	10	Nominative
Mohamed brought the digital clock he made to school on September 14 , and a teacher mistakenly thought it resembled a bomb .	18	Nominative
Suicide murders are not a new invention but they have been made popular , if I may use this expression , only lately .	8	Nominative
He was given to putting himself on strange mixtures .	0	Nominative
Whether they pay me or not , if their parents get into an accident , stuck in traffic , etc. THE LAST THING I WOULD DO IS LET A CHILD GET RAPED BECAUSE I WAS N'T PAID .	33	Nominative
I just hope that I will be invited to the opening ceremony because we worked damned hard to get it .	10	Nominative
He was very anxious for me to kill somebody , but there was n't the shadow of a carrier near .	5	Accusative
Women should make every effort to make way for monks on the street and give them room so they do not have to make contact with you .	26	Nominative
I fancy I see it now , but I am not sure – not at all .	1	Nominative
I realize baseball is just a game .	0	Nominative
Dan I for one was very happy to hear about your quitting smoking .	1	Nominative
it runs you about 4 bucks and it deals crushing blows to hunger .	0	Nominative
She 's a very fun girl .	0	Nominative
I 've been looking at the bose sound dock 10 i ve currently got a jvc mini hifi system , i was wondering what would be a good set of speakers .	10	Nominative
Should we find at any point that this is not the case , we will take the appropriate steps .	13	Nominative
It affects people and it reaches them at different times and on different issues .	6	Accusative
where would you go ?	2	Nominative
His co-workers love him .	3	Accusative
She is very conscientious about what she signs , and who initials what .	6	Nominative
maybe you should understand how the world works & realize you are just like any other person & not put yourself on a pedestal .	10	Nominative
Even if we can not help you here in Enron , he may be able to put you in touch with other CV groups in town .	11	Nominative
The reason he said he did n't put that nail in was because he " did n't want to risk it " with my horse 's horrible feet .	2	Nominative
They have been my only " go - to " resource since we first did business together .	0	Nominative
It 's terrible when I sing the old chants from home but it 's not so bad in English – English is such a rough-sounding language anyway .	4	Nominative
clearly he s mad that people know he took her pic off the net and it 's NOT his gf	15	Nominative
I came in to town for a week and forgot my trainers !	0	Nominative
I urge all St. Thomas the Apostle parishioners and all of South Florida residents to come see Gus !!!	0	Nominative
Your exposure to this is probably primarily what you see in movies , scanning magazines , scanning the Internet , just snippets everywhere .	8	Nominative
So , therefore , now he says i am inoperable ( even though i am not 100 % inoperable ) , and he is letting me die .	5	Nominative
He saw the argument for making the call , and at the same time he saw the argument for not making it .	0	Nominative
Between November and April , it is more humid and thunderstorms and cyclones do occur .	5	Nominative
I would look for hours at South America , or Africa , or Australia , and lose myself in all the glories of exploration .	0	Nominative
I seem to be going out , he said to himself .	10	Accusative
I 'm a soccer mom so I was n't sure what I was looking for when it comes to dancewear .	16	Nominative
But a scan has shown the tumour in Ms Pugh 's right lung is growing , and she has had to leave the trial .	17	Nominative
It 's all about the $$$ .	0	Nominative
What she ’s saying and what she ’s doing , it — actually , it ’s unbelievable .	14	Nominative
I like Hayes Street Grill .... another plus , it 's right by Civic Center , so you can take a romantic walk around the Opera House , City Hall , Symphony Auditorium ... all very beautiful .	0	Nominative
I 'm so glad you dance , she said ; he was ashamed that he had asked her only out of politeness .	0	Nominative
It was Joseph Goebbels who said that if you repeat a lie often enough , people will believe it .	0	Nominative
I enjoyed working with you and wish you the best of everything .	0	Nominative
Or they were n't eyewitnesses and are just lying .	1	Nominative
He made a resigned grimace assuming understanding ... My wife and I decided we could n't stick it any longer .	11	Nominative
He had a uniform jacket with one button off , and seeing a white man on the path , hoisted his weapon to his shoulder with alacrity .	0	Nominative
When we complained to the management ( as we were instructed to do if there were any problems ) , nothing happened !	8	Nominative
I was later told they had been left at the warehouse and some future date they would be delivered .	0	Nominative
Look inside yourselves parents , is this you ?	2	Accusative
Call me if there are any questions .	1	Accusative
He has got that hard edge to his game but also the soft hands .	0	Nominative
He decided just to drop the first one he caught over the hedge , but the gnome , sensing weakness , sank its razor-sharp teeth into Harry 's finger and he had a hard job shaking it off until –	30	Nominative
My brother was a runner and they used to call him The Birdman -- Birdie -- and they called me The Poet .	6	Nominative
I 've already made my XMAS plans .	0	Nominative
“ Beijing believes its intervention is necessary to prevent a continued legislative paralysis in the city , ” he said .	18	Nominative
They were called criminals , and the outraged law , like the bursting shells , had come to them , an insoluble mystery from over the sea .	0	Nominative
I wonder if you 've had any trouble with your phone lately .	0	Nominative
A connection file uses one of the following file formats :	7	Nominative
Flames glided in the river , small green flames , red flames , white flames , pursuing , overtaking , joining , crossing each other – then separating slowly or hastily .	24	Nominative
Personally , I do n't find a travel agent to be of value to me as I am willing to put in the time doing research on the internet .	14	Accusative
The company gets busy but you never have to wait long because they ARE orginizied , so you are in , out , and paid well for your scrap	17	Nominative
He recalled that she was less interested in details , such as staircases .	0	Nominative
As described in US News , a former reporter from the Kabul Times actually may have met Sufaat , without realizing it , while traveling near Kabul in October 2001 , perceiving him as Filipino .	32	Accusative
We are looking at putting the metering facilities on their ROW ( also , I think we will have to purchase about 50 ft of ROW from ElPaso to get to Questar 's property ) .	16	Nominative
The same applies to a whole series of other examples we can give .	10	Nominative
I fully support the need for contacts with third countries .	0	Nominative
Once you have a budget or an amount in the bank then you 'll be able to figure out where you can go , for how long you can go and what you can do when you 're there .	20	Nominative
On the other hand , he could very easily just call me and say hey I 'm busy right now , I 'll call you when I can come out .	26	Nominative
It 's a good starting point .	0	Nominative
It may be easier to play without brooms ( but also less fun ! ) .	0	Nominative
My sister in law told me about this amazing new crepe place in town , I was so excited I just wanted to go and test it out for my self !	19	Nominative
If so , then does that mean that if you watched a scary movie and your dog / cat / parrot was in the same room as you they will also get scared ?	28	Nominative
I think they 'll be very pleased to see you back there .	0	Nominative
We have already recommended you to some of our friends !	4	Accusative
2005 could find you doing well career-wise - and aspiring to climb even higher .	3	Accusative
Let aggressive ( American ) leaders and soldiers know that we are capable of protecting the city 's security and safety , and ask them to lift their hands from the city . "	10	Nominative
He paid no attention to my explanations , and , playing with a stick of sealing-wax , repeated several times that the situation was ' very grave , very grave . '	13	Nominative
Sounds simple enough to me .	4	Accusative
" And so we sang this hymn -- this is a long story trying to get to your answer .	3	Nominative
We are currently living a mile from the town in a house surrounded by fields but the new house is beside a busy road .	0	Nominative
Whenever you are presented with something that you do n’t want to do or would consider putting off , ask yourself , “ will this take me less than two minutes to finish ? ”	1	Nominative
There were four of us and I was taken first by a gentleman .	6	Nominative
There was no one to bother about shooting rights .	7	Nominative
People aged 13 - 17 may be allowed to travel alone at Eurostar 's discretion - you should email them for a decision .	16	Nominative
We also love their Egg Rolls and Spring Rolls .	0	Nominative
i cold n't find anywere else local to fix it so i took it there and they fixed it for $ 150 ...	13	Nominative
But after three hours of security exercises at Heathrow I am hungry .	9	Nominative
Just a quick message to follow up on the email that I sent you recently inviting you to speak at our forthcoming congress , Risk 2001 Australia , which is taking place in Sydney on 20 & 21 August 2001 .	16	Accusative
It pleased him to watch it leave his mouth in gusts , disperse , and take on new definition as the light caught it .	1	Nominative
We will only counter overproduction by introducing comprehensive new quality criteria .	0	Nominative
I enjoyed working with you and wish you the best of everything .	4	Accusative
I 'm a little afraid when i buy PS3 or X - BOX then a newer version comes out .	6	Nominative
And can you tell me WHY that would be a tragedy ? "	4	Accusative
Afterwards as the evening faded he cleaned the gun almost by feel and the clean , practical smell of gun-oil conveyed the simple satisfaction of the task .	5	Nominative
It will examine technology options and new business models for transmission expansion .	0	Nominative
Everyone loves it ! ^_^	2	Accusative
The next morning , Quinn woke up earlier than he had in several weeks .	9	Nominative
We would like to fit a meeting with you as a group or individually .	8	Accusative
I ve paid 500 for a double room there and it was fine and clean .	10	Nominative
It 's got its own bathroom and tv , and is pretty cozy .	0	Nominative
I wanted to let you know about this before I respond to her request .	0	Nominative
Why is it stil doing this even though I do n't have the other phone connected ?	2	Nominative
In bush stations there was n't anything we were n't responsible for .	1	Nominative
Sure , some will return , but I have a feeling that once many begin to get jobs and temporary housing , they may be shy about returning .	7	Nominative
Sorry I have n't written you guys in a while to keep you properly updated .	5	Accusative
that will help to reassure him , and he will be less aggressive with her .	5	Accusative
It may also make it particularly interesting if your audience is your friend(s) . [ 6 ]	4	Accusative
There are deals in the Aruba book so I 'm not sure why you are n't picking those up .	13	Nominative
It would certainly be counterproductive to make an offer , as some have already tried , when the Russians want nothing to do with it .	18	Nominative
When there are a lot of people , say , " You 're probably wondering why I 've gathered you here today . "	16	Nominative
I can print it here , initial it , and fax it to whomever you want .	14	Nominative
As long as you are a gentleman and treat them with respect they wo n't have any problem talking with you and your nationality will have nothing to do with how they treat you .	12	Nominative
You want them to get bushy , so pinch from the top .	0	Nominative
It ’s fair to say that Rocco Catalano works , lives and breathes retro .	0	Nominative
Now that he had embarked on the Stillman case , he felt that a new notebook was in order .	2	Nominative
I would certainly not want farmers in countries that do not want to join the euro to be penalised .	0	Nominative
For this question I do n't know the ' preparedness ' of the Indian gov't to deal with this .	3	Nominative
While we anticipate many new Analysts joining Enron this summer ( late May ) and fulltime ( August ) we felt it necessary to address some of the immediate needs with an Off - Cycle Recruiting event .	21	Nominative
Then he began again , assuring me Mr. Kurtz was the best agent he had , an exceptional man , of the greatest importance to the Company ; therefore I could understand his anxiety .	13	Nominative
Not necessarily the restaurant but what you order when you get there and what time you go .	9	Nominative
There is no denying that there are words which we feel instinctively to be adequate to express the ideas they stand for . ”	19	Nominative
I know how obstinate you are , Festus ...	0	Nominative
Thank you .	1	Accusative
And then to Quinn , with that same ironic smile , Daniel , this is Daniel .	9	Nominative
As i asked in the previous questions he was jumping up the sides of the cage but i was told is just becouse he is panicking and he wants to escape but he is ok now .	7	Nominative
I slipped through one of these cracks , went up a swept and ungarnished staircase , as arid as a desert , and opened the first door I came to .	0	Nominative
We believe that is a risk we should not necessarily take on .	6	Nominative
They want to go , they 're longing to , you can see they ca n't stand the sight of your face when you 're working together ... which makes things very pleasant , you can imagine ...	0	Nominative
They said it would be made exactly like the one I needed to replace .	10	Nominative
Even if you do not have a cat , you can use used kitty litter to deter mice .	2	Nominative
You also do n't want it getting too warm for him too often .	5	Accusative
He was trained to a harness / leash for outside time but he knew to use the litter pan inside .	12	Nominative
My parents do not like me , They constantly reassure me that they will throw me out of home when I turn 18 .	12	Nominative
To me the doctor says in her normal voice , “ It ’s just a little lidocaine . ”	11	Nominative
Position a large mirror so you can check your positioning and see what you 're doing .	13	Nominative
Tina is the driving force of the business and you can be assured that she will endevour to satisfy all your signage requirements at the most cost effective rates .	14	Nominative
Dessert was ... hmmm , that 's interesting , I do n't even remember dessert .	9	Nominative
Add aquasafe with the water you put in it .	5	Nominative
The snake had charmed me .	4	Accusative
Is there any tricks I could use ?	4	Nominative
The magician behind the counter was wise enough not to sell it to me , but instead sold me two books which I still own today - " Scarne on Card Tricks " and " Scarne on Magic Tricks " .	13	Accusative
So chances are that if your dog likes to watch T.V. , it ’s probably because of the sounds .	12	Nominative
That is what I want to talk about today .	3	Nominative
The reason for it is because people were fighting for our land , either defending it or extending it , because that was the main source .	18	Accusative
they will move if they get too warm - it 's not like a heat rock which you should avoid at all costs .	0	Nominative
only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine .	2	Nominative
You may also starve it by preventing new blood from reaching it from other parts of the body , thereby preventing new " supplies " from expanding the tumor .	11	Accusative
It is the officer 's meeting for Enterprise , and spouses are invited .	0	Nominative
you can view at dresscod.com	0	Nominative
I am referring to the Rio Coco project .	0	Nominative
And this was simply his opening gambit ; he would start talking about that he had been out late the night before drinking .	14	Nominative
Here was the symbolic attainment of something he had believed in , willed and worked for , for a good stretch of his life :	7	Nominative
Thank you for digging in to the issue of Deferred Phantom Stock Units .	1	Accusative
Our concern is that we do n't want any trading related defaults to ever trigger a default under a loan transaction which has a swap as a component .	4	Nominative
Stillman never seemed to be going anywhere in particular , nor did he seem to know where he was .	12	Nominative
When they sound off , it is a true audio / visual experience .	1	Nominative
We are running so full tilt on TW that we may not have as much flexibiltiy to manage this situation as we expected , but let me know what we can do .	29	Nominative
You were just in front of me when we got out in Rome .	8	Nominative
The horse I had posted about a couple weeks ago with the atrophied cheek muscles is down to his last resort for life .	2	Nominative
I 'm not sure which one you gave him , but there 's a brief , brief , brief IQ test there .	8	Accusative
You can write your jokes down on index cards to keep them handy or use a document file on your computer . [ 1 ]	0	Nominative
Anyway , I would appreciate ANY insight on this at all .	2	Nominative
I flew around like mad to get ready , and before forty-eight hours I was crossing the Channel to show myself to my employers , and sign the contract .	13	Nominative
I deffenitly reccomend this salon and Holly to anyone .	0	Nominative
I should have asked then but i did n't the only line i remember is de lunde bar .. or something like that .. does anybody know which song i am talking about ?	6	Nominative
Now , it is only natural that news reports questioning Bush ’s service — in The Boston Globe and The New York Times , on CBS and in other outlets — would come out now .	2	Nominative
It should make some sense , so that it will be easier to learn and speak with [ Example : Do n't use oh as e , hello as llo , and See ya as c yah ) .	8	Nominative
The samples we have are small in terms of numbers and they are all preserved in formalin ( a kind of formaldehyde solution ) .	11	Nominative
In order to design this curriculum we follow a four step approach with a Working Out Loud - principle ( Williams , 2010 ) :	6	Nominative
First time I started wearing woman 's lingerie I was very young .	8	Nominative
So I pointed this out to him , at which point he said they only had one of the correct tires in stock .	1	Nominative
She says the issue is complicated and will take time to get right .	0	Nominative
The corridors are jumping with them .	5	Accusative
I do n't like that option though - I think it 's pretty cruel and I'd not done properly you 'll end up really hurting the rat but not stunning him enough to stop possible injury to your snake .	8	Nominative
If they 're nice to your face , but talk bad about you behind your back like it 's their favourite hobby , then they probably have a problem with pride .	1	Nominative
The Hank Green I know is hardly awesome .	3	Nominative
Village of Lepers houses facing the wall Zion .	0	Nominative
sorry for not sending it to you earlier ( totally forgot to open my outlook ) .	4	Accusative
and it will be fun 2 days cause you will busy going to a lot of beautiful places , i can afford to go so be happy you have the money to go . :D	1	Nominative
" It marks the first time in recent years that China has promised to wield its veto power in the UN Security Council against a petition initiated by the United States and backed by France and Great Britain . "	1	Nominative
This means we wo n't be in town for the Compaq thing .	2	Nominative
Disney cruises offer 24 - hour room services , and the crews are ready to serve you the way you like .	19	Nominative
We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment .	0	Nominative
Yer a mess ! said Hagrid gruffly , brushing soot off Harry so forcefully he nearly knocked him into a barrel of dragon dung outside an apothecary 's .	17	Accusative
Well , I distinguish between two histories , the spiritual and the material .	2	Nominative
I would n't recommend this place last year , and I certainly would n't recommend them this year .	0	Nominative
They were to bring home Italian steel .	0	Nominative
He soon came back and gave me the good news that I actually had n’t overslept ; all I ’d done was miss breakfast : they had n’t wanted to wake an old man who needed his rest .	11	Nominative
I ve had cats for 35 years and the oldest cat I 've ever had was a 23 year old female and she was exceptional .	22	Nominative
You can even use a made up word from your made up language like ' Victory ' or ' Great Language ' .	0	Nominative
We currently have just under 50000 articles and over 1000 featured articles .	0	Nominative
I have lived in the UTC La Jolla area for many years , and I never new this salon was here until a friend reffered me to see Holly here .	0	Nominative
Seagal made headlines when he described Russia 's actions in Crimea , which it annexed in 2014 , as " very reasonable " .	13	Nominative
The newly released papers , showing him complicit in the airliner bombing , were mentioned	6	Accusative
They require a lot of attention or they get fussy and tear stuff up .	0	Nominative
But I worked hard and I 'm still working hard .	1	Nominative
At best it is naive and at worst it would yet again let the shooting lobby off the hook .	8	Nominative
By using a schema , you can ensure that any XML document that is used to import data into Access or export from Access to another format contains specific data and conforms to a defined structure .	19	Nominative
This is an issue which affects aspects of everyday life .	8	Nominative
It 's fine for mass - market chocolate , but with companies like Scharffen Berger , TCHO , and smaller artisan chocolate makers in the area , why ?	0	Nominative
After searching for two or three minutes , he finally found a place on one of the benches , wedging himself between a man in a blue suit and a plump young woman .	8	Nominative
Yes you can carry your duty free bottles , and liquids onto your connection as it is only a domestic flight :-)	1	Nominative
However , they did not expand until ships big enough to cross seas were built .	2	Nominative
The Minutes of the part-session of Thursday 29 May 1997 have been distributed .	7	Nominative
I may try to run out and take the test this afternoon while I get moved to 30 ( I better not fail it ) .	0	Nominative
It 's become a guardian of morality -- not church morality ; real morality .	0	Nominative
Rules in the room : # 1 ) if you drink the soda from the fridge in your room you must prove it by leaving the can in the trash .	19	Nominative
She is not stringing you along since she is actually discouraging you and is honest enough to tell you to stop asking her out .	18	Accusative
And he would always laugh about that . "	1	Nominative
If you still have it , can you send it to him at " Mark EI.London Taylor " ?	9	Accusative
This is just a way for them to squirm their way into your precious pocket	6	Accusative
So they were going to charge him for new peddles and proceeded to put them on without even telling him the price .	6	Accusative
Rachel Rook took Carroll home to meet her parents two months after she first slept with him .	16	Accusative
I realize they are young and that cats do climb , but this is just ridiculous .	2	Nominative
I came from Israel five years ago to be married in New Jersey .	0	Nominative
They walked me through all the steps involved in the the installation project so that there were no surprises .	0	Nominative
" I thought that in real life it was really kind of magical , " Allton said .	1	Nominative
Jesus said that what you do the least of the people you do to him .	11	Nominative
The wife smiled her smile , said she was glad to meet Quinn as though she meant it , and then extended her hand to him .	25	Accusative
Do n't eavesdrop , but when they 're talking to you or to those around you , listen to them .	15	Accusative
She looks up at me , at Renata .	0	Nominative
If you 're looking for homestyle Japanese food , you ca n't beat this	1	Nominative
I know that name from somewhere . He went silent again , straining harder to dredge up the answer .	7	Nominative
I was married by a judge .	0	Nominative
As President , I intend to keep that promise !	3	Nominative
I am nervous that my other fish will eat them , and I do n't know what to feed them !	9	Accusative
For example , I actually forgot to feed my cat , and they went out of their way to take care of him .	12	Nominative
even though I have never tried hoa salon but I agree with other reviewers that they are rude .	2	Nominative
" They 're just pushing them aside , " he said .	5	Accusative
But I can see that the Archbishop gives him bad marks for lighting up after the main course .	1	Nominative
I guess those guns will be located enroute to Venezuela or found in storage there by one of the US 's local stooges and they then have a pretext to ramp the spin up a notch or two .	0	Nominative
I concur that Ba'athists and former security forces are capable of immediately controlling at least 5 out of 18 governorates , along with the capital , if Americans are to be removed from the picture entirely .	0	Nominative
If you have any questions or require any assistance at all , please contact Hope Duncan at 202.739.0134 or Jeff Mangold at 703.729.2710 .	1	Nominative
I want to ask him why it was n't printed .	0	Nominative
Mrs Weasley woke them all early the following Wednesday .	3	Accusative
To be sure , many Israelis refuse to admit that this historic uneasiness has not been eliminated .	5	Nominative
Because we think IT 'S THE BEST !!!	3	Nominative
I began to distinguish the gleam of eyes under the trees .	0	Nominative
if this seems incredibly far-fetched , comfort yourself that double chute failure in modern times is also extremely unlikely , and that you have already beaten worse odds .	22	Nominative
a donkey cropping among broken china on a refuse mound ;	8	Nominative
a few Arab hens are scratching up dust and pecking .	2	Nominative
We do n’t have any rules or known lines we wo n’t cross .	9	Nominative
Myself and my fiance 's identity was stolen from the office staff .	0	Accusative
I never got a price quote over the phone and they take your cc info just to make the appointment because if you do n't show up , they 'll charge you .	31	Nominative
Suppose at the end of the year they were not put on contract ?	7	Nominative
When i put him off of my bed , he jumps back on and same thing .	3	Accusative
However , if you 're allowed another option and you want a small - town feel , then head to Edinburgh , Scotland .	9	Nominative
Budgies are breast feeding birds and it may be the male is bisexual .	6	Nominative
As far as the call with Uncle Ben goes , if he was thrilled to hear from me I could n't tell by his voice .	11	Nominative
They will make every attempt to misinform and misrepresent themselves .	9	Accusative
That being said , I do n't know how their delivery service is .	4	Nominative
In a very few hours I arrived in a city that always makes me think of a whited sepulcher .	5	Nominative
To dissident Russian writers like Lev Navrozov , the Americans can never be a match for the Russians .	9	Nominative
He got the pictures back to me quickly .	0	Nominative
My friend and I were to stay here for a girls night , catch up on our lives evening .	3	Nominative
In the Episode " So in Louvre Are We Two " , How many diffrent painting / scupltures are their and who are the artists ?	8	Nominative
I do n't know the best way of doing it .	0	Nominative
The crew at The Creative Workshop went over and above the call of duty and gave me back a car I can drive anywhere and finally enjoy owning .	20	Nominative
I go out of my way to use Air France .	0	Nominative
Josh Kindig , he 's coming on board , he has some ideas for that too , he wants to take over " aywv " and do more gaming news .	9	Nominative
If he or she did not , then they should have all the same rights as other Iraqis .	1	Nominative
As a native southern Californian I can tell you that this is not authentic Mexican food .	8	Nominative
I wonder if I 'll get that far .	0	Nominative
Could you please send an executable version of the contract to Fred , David , John and me tomorrow ?	1	Nominative
This may take some time , but it 's worth the effort if you can attract a wild mouse eater to your yard . [ 6 ]	7	Nominative
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair ( she only wanted one , however ) .	11	Accusative
I aspire to your feeding regime , flakes early and something live later in the day .	0	Nominative
I have never eaten at the ones you have listed nor do I know of anyone who has .	7	Nominative
I ca nt speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us ( the patient ) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you .	5	Accusative
Servings : 18 - 24 ( fewer if you opt for larger-sized cupcakes )	8	Nominative
He sat down in his living room and looked at the walls .	0	Nominative
It was an extremely amusing episode , watching Chalabi looking smug and amused , contrasted with Sha'lan , all serious and barely keeping himself from swearing .	23	Accusative
He also discussed the federalization of the City of Buenos Aires , the extension of the commercial code and the appointment of new generals to the army .	0	Nominative
If you graduated you were assigned a fighter , if you were not quite fighter pilot material you had no response to fly another aircraft , you were washed out .	3	Nominative
Also , I have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go ?	13	Nominative
This school is the worst one i 've ever been to .	6	Nominative
Puree it until smooth , then put it in a food storage bag and freeze until you need it .	7	Accusative
We have to leave him at the vet for 3 days and I was told to call for check ups as often as I wished that no matter how many times I called I would not annoy them .	31	Nominative
In her humble home she was visited by other writers , students of poetry , admirers , the curious , critics , and editors requesting her collaboration .	4	Nominative
I am just middle aged and do not want to die , but thanks to this doctor i have no other alternatives .	17	Nominative
I think 2012 is going to be a great year for Fujairah as we have A LOT of projects to be done by 2012 .	13	Nominative
Check out the kids ' space as soon as you get onboard .	9	Nominative
They had gagged me , and Murillo twisted my arm round until I gave him the address .	3	Accusative
Let me know if acceptable and I will go ahead and execute .	6	Nominative
Then , the next morning , when we , among many other irate guests , asked to speak to the owner , he refused to do so .	22	Nominative
it 's did you watch your girl on tv last night ?	0	Nominative
This article will show you how to save time and prevent wear , extending the life of your overalls until they are so soft you could wear them to bed .	20	Nominative
Yahoo! Founders Jerry Yang and David Filo selected the name because they considered themselves yahoos ...	11	Nominative
So my true question comes to this , how can I knock the rat out ?	10	Nominative
I shoot a t1i and have n't had such an issue .	0	Nominative
He was about to tell her who he was , but then he realized that it made no difference .	12	Nominative
him to get to know his new home .	0	Accusative
" We are seeing many , many countries and especially large new emitters like Brazil , South Africa , India and China stepping up to the plate in terms of playing a role in reducing emissions , " said Guilbeault .	1	Nominative
Sign - up lists will be available at the services on Feb. 27 and March 6 , or you can email me .	18	Nominative
I 'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY .	0	Nominative
We have tried many different computer people until now - we will stick with Qualitech Computers !!!	10	Nominative
I worked with Andrew for 2 months and did acupuncture and herbs .	0	Nominative
You 'll also find some stories .	0	Nominative
Only one thing can protect us from this unfortunate fate and that is the rule of unanimity .	5	Accusative
The following illustration shows the Orders page with two group levels .	1	Nominative
This was after I brought the car !!!! !	3	Nominative
Still ... . But at the moment it presented itself simply as a confounded nuisance .	9	Accusative
From the amount of time spent with us to explain things during the initial quote , to the communication through the approval process to the actual workmanship of the build itself .	7	Accusative
He never once contacted us .	0	Nominative
Unfortunalty my husband and I had to put our 13 year old lab down that morning and we were not expecting this .	17	Nominative
Richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit .	7	Nominative
If I can get a few minutes with Mark H. today , I 'm going to propose that I speak to Stan Klimberg about getting this signed before Thursday 's meeting with LIPA .	1	Nominative
She , her mother , and younger sister made ends meet by doing needlework , washing , and other jobs .	0	Nominative
He was an unshaven little man in a threadbare coat like a gaberdine , with his feet in slippers , and I thought him a harmless fool .	23	Accusative
I forgot to tell you that I saw your friend on a re-run Jeopardy the other night and I almost called you but it came on at 11:30 .	21	Accusative
The bear dwarfed the 6 - foot - 1 Mr. Parenteau , knocking him to the ground , he said .	13	Accusative
I left in a French steamer , and she called in every blamed port they have out there , for , as far as I could see , the sole purpose of landing soldiers and custom-house officers .	32	Nominative
No , I captained in 2010 .	2	Nominative
I did n't end up buying my car here , but I did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me .	0	Nominative
How did the CPA get to the point where it has turned even Iraqi Shiites , who were initially grateful for the removal of Saddam Hussein , against the United States ?	9	Nominative
No matter what progress we make as individuals in becoming healthier , we will never achieve real health until we collectively decide to create a healthier reality .	19	Nominative
i was thinking somewhere that requires a jacket , like tony 's .	0	Nominative
Never in history , not even in the Nazi period , was there such total disregard of all of the above as we observe now .	22	Nominative
Bending forward suggests : " I completely surrender to You . "	9	Accusative
I would appreciate the opportunity to visit with you on the 14th .	8	Accusative
They felt like they were going to fall off of me and it was very difficult to see what I would actually look like were I to purchase some of these dresses .	3	Nominative
The computer disk was confiscated from him during his arrest by the CIA in Azerbaijan and handed over to the Egyptian authorities .	6	Accusative
They know their job and you do not have to watch them to be sure everything is done right .	5	Nominative
She really listens to what it is you would like to achieve , and I am very happy with my results .	7	Nominative
Merrist Wood ( I 'm there on a NVQ equine course ) do HND in equine management .	3	Nominative
I 'm so glad you dance , she said ; he was ashamed that he had asked her only out of politeness .	14	Nominative
I suggest a " blind draw " on the teams , best ball not scramble on the golf , and as for the wager , no emails from the losing team for one week !	0	Nominative
Any time ... we 'd be very pleased ...	7	Nominative
Dogs , cats , rabbits , wolves , moose , horses , you name it , we have it .	16	Nominative
There 's no need to cover them , unless you want to use netting to keep the birds off .	6	Accusative
I would give the Wildernest inn ten stars of five !	0	Nominative
This is too much for me .	5	Accusative
I know that some of you are , and that some of us are , and this is what gives me hope .	0	Nominative
The Persians call it " Nesf-e-Jahan " , meaning " Half The World " .	3	Nominative
Secondly , he will still out price performers that you have in the same job group that are excellent and strong performers respectively eg. Paul Thomas , Jason Choate , Todd DeCook and Peter Makkai .	2	Nominative
Who knows how much they want me to pay to fix this thing .	6	Accusative
You CAN Do It .	3	Accusative
Do n't blame him please , he feels lonely and wants to show his attention to all of you to look after you , please forgive and sympathy if he miss something .	3	Accusative
He was quite alone , but where he was , he had no idea .	0	Nominative
Hope she stops laying eggs because she will get really skinny !	6	Nominative
He was in the process of making me a pie and when I got home , the pie was the worst I have ever seen .	7	Accusative
Do n't forget about me .	4	Accusative
The Chili Relleno .. had no batter on it .	8	Accusative
And , she granted , “ you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different — we can do better — and where she has expressed regret . ”	30	Nominative
However , having driven with you on several occasions I feel confident you will be able to pass the test with flying colors .	12	Nominative
He had kept up , since he finally left Africa ten years ago , a close contact with Adamson Mweta and the other leaders of the African independence movement .	0	Nominative
They recently surprised me a larger order .	0	Nominative
You do realise it is quite expensive to visit Ireland ?	3	Nominative
Do you personally record audiobooks , and did you already do so before LibriVox ?	8	Nominative
Strings of dusty niggers with splay feet arrived and departed ; a stream of manufactured goods , rubbishy cottons , beads , and brass-wire set into the depths of darkness , and in return came a precious trickle of ivory .	14	Nominative
I say this remembering that Jacques Maritain once characterized European anti-Semitism of the twentieth century as an attempt to get rid of the moral burden of Christianity .	0	Nominative
They may not respond right away and they may fight so ther smaller one can fit in one of hide spaces if it gets attacked .	22	Nominative
Just yesterday we switched over to a new site which has a demo of the VM ( virtual microscope ) I invite you to check it out .	2	Nominative
I was beside the bear 's head and I stabbed it with an upper cut below the jaw in the neck a couple of times . "	8	Nominative
The employees at this Sear's are completely apathetic and there did n't seem to be any sort of management that I could see .	20	Nominative
Been living there ? he asked .	0	Nominative
Not to mention the fact that they gave us our cats back not even 30 minutes after they were out from surgery .	6	Nominative
The long awaited relief you 've needed in your love life is around the corner , and by the end of the year you will feel much clearer about your partnerships in general .	4	Nominative
This means that I could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely , because it would have expired and disappeared by the time I returned .	29	Nominative
Too little is being done in this area . More needs to be done , but we must avoid creating more bureaucracy .	16	Nominative
The real testament is not in how much she likes your animals but how much they like her .	8	Nominative
This one person who I never met took a picture of me and sent it to me in an e-mail .	16	Accusative
I love this place lots of people to talk to and school is across the street !	0	Nominative
On January 8 , 1880 , Norton collapsed at the corner of California and Dupont ( now Grant ) streets and died before he could be given medical treatment .	23	Nominative
The tag builds on the original punchline or twists back on it in a surprising way .	11	Nominative
We need to change the Prod Description fro the LME Product .	0	Nominative
Bray had a lot of questions , not all of them kind , to ask about other people .	10	Accusative
There is no escape from the collective ocean we all swim in .	8	Nominative
He is my mechanic going forward !	0	Nominative
I 'm very happy with the piano lessons Mrs. Lynda Mcmanus taught me .	0	Nominative
When the passengers climbed aboard again , their clothes felt hairy and the plane was airless .	0	Nominative
It should be 4 - easy .	0	Nominative
1 First , the Sport field is filtered to display only Golf sales .	4	Nominative
It s a Reel and i have danced to it before ..	5	Nominative
Actually , I think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just do n't be too mad if I have to cancel .	25	Nominative
Cheer the team today ; ( your boys in orange and blue ) Let them hear you shout as they fight for what 's mightily due	16	Accusative
... I ve been living in Fujairah my entire life and I must say that it is developing in a good way .	1	Nominative
Anyway they jimmy rigged it so i could drive it home .	1	Nominative
Probably it is .	1	Nominative
Hmmm , she says , Then why are you calling here , we do n't go past broad ?	2	Nominative
I 'm looking for a camera that has really good zoom during a video and pictures ; and good quality pictures / videos	0	Nominative
Guess who I saw in Borgin and Burkes ? Harry asked Ron and Hermione as they climbed the Gringotts steps .	15	Nominative
We support Mr Martin 's report and we say one thing : quality not quantity !	7	Nominative
" No , I do n't think so . "	3	Nominative
His eyes were permanently fixed on the pavement , as though he were searching for something .	11	Nominative
We called few companies before we decide to hire them .	0	Nominative
Within seven days , I started getting money in the mail !!	4	Nominative
He is credited with helping efforts to tackle the mountain of debt accumulated by local governments in China .	0	Nominative
i think they are all bark and no bite .	0	Nominative
In the meantime make sure she had plenty of water available to her .	5	Nominative
He turned to his work .	0	Nominative
If you have any questions please feel free to call me ( after Sat. the 26th , when I will return from a trip ) .	10	Accusative
and where can I find them ?	5	Accusative
The daytime temperature varies ; in January , it is about 24 ° C ( 75 ° F ) and in June , about 35 ° C ( 95 ° F ) .	8	Nominative
I knew that he was an innocent but I would never have believed him to be ignorant of such a thing .	8	Nominative
If I have a criticism of the Legal Affairs Committee 's opinion , it is that it is too one-sided .	1	Nominative
I have the impression that the honourable Member believes the public invitation to tender in connection with the tunnel has already started .	0	Nominative
Thank you for your patience and I hope you can take a few moments to enjoy the holidays .	1	Accusative
We went to Kobey s on Saturday and had our whole team s uniforms done !	0	Nominative
Harry just caught sight of a pair of bright brown eyes staring at him before it closed with a snap .	19	Nominative
He can not accept calls , visits or flowers at this time , since he is in the emergency room .?	0	Nominative
Unless you have a particular skill they need - and firm job offer before going - I would think twice about it !	16	Nominative
Several years ago I developed a short paper and pencil screening test which , in a small pilot study , discriminated between ADHD , LD , and control subjects .	3	Nominative
The moment they know the de-gnoming 's going on they storm up to have a look .	2	Nominative
I tried to stay here for a few nights with my girlfriend , so we asked for a single queen bed .	0	Nominative
Check out http://www.restaurant.com lots of restaurants you can look at the menu and check out prices .	6	Nominative
About XML data and Access	4	Nominative
I assume you have your anwser and do n't need me .	0	Nominative
They will whistle when they hear you as an encouragement for you to give them a treat like leaf lettuce .	11	Nominative
For example , you can group a field with date values into different months , and specify the interval as 2 , to create groups such as Jan-Feb , Mar-Apr , and so on .	5	Nominative
i handle him every few days .	2	Accusative
After assuming absolute control over the country , he saw no further need for a legislature , and on October 12 , 1859 , he issued a decree formally abolishing the United States Congress .	24	Nominative
Jesus said that what you do the least of the people you do to him .	4	Nominative
If you 're not presently married , and want to be , you just might wed by the end of the year .	1	Nominative
If I wait , would the tours I find there for less money be the same quality type tours ?	1	Nominative
I think that this is for you since I do n't know any of these people .	0	Nominative
I suppose we said many times we 'd come back when they got their independence .	10	Nominative
We also liked the way that Ray checked on the job every day .	0	Nominative
I love her and want to help her but I do n't know when I 'll be able to take her to to vet :( please help .	14	Nominative
Due to its beautiful hand-painted tiling and magnificent public square , it is considered to be one of the most beautiful cities in the world .	11	Nominative
I believe that Doug told me the extra was for the cashout that was not invoiced .	5	Accusative
Are you in the office to initial signature pages today ?	1	Nominative
looks like it is rearing its head again in Louisianna ..	2	Nominative
Do n't worry about avoiding temptation ... as you grow older , it will avoid you .	15	Accusative
I 'm pretty sure it 'll be worth it .	4	Nominative
I 'll be in tomorrow .	0	Nominative
hey kido u made me smile	4	Accusative
But he suffers the severe effects of the aftermath , and we are all suffering along with him now , since he is the most powerful man in the world .	11	Nominative
I dropped the truck off in the morning and it was ready that afternoon .	9	Nominative
Will we be allowed to take duty free bottles onto our connecting flight to Christchurch ?	1	Nominative
How long does it take to train new people at work ?	3	Nominative
However , I was n't going into any of these .	7	Nominative
It was surrounded by trees that blocked it from view of the village below , meaning that they could practise Quidditch there , as long as they did n't fly too high .	26	Nominative
Anyway , I tried to get a preorder but no places were selling it so I missed out on 2/3 weekend events .	13	Accusative
I would recommend Bayside Chiropractic to anyone who is in need of a regular adjustment or is suffering from a chronic condition .	0	Nominative
We returned after 3 PM , found no one there , and a note from the innkeeper with directions to our room .	0	Nominative
So Harry had been brought up by his dead mother 's sister and her husband .	13	Accusative
We support Professor Cabrol 's attempt to get things moving and put the uncertainties behind us .	0	Nominative
As he wandered through the station , he reminded himself of who he was supposed to be .	12	Nominative
But it is clear that not only did Bush slack off on his National Guard service , but he slacked off from his campaign work .	18	Nominative
I have my paralegal gathering the pleadings Enron requested .	0	Nominative
Listing his priorities , Abbas told supporters of the ruling Fatah party that he was determined to provide security to his people and continue the struggle against Israel 's partially completed West Bank barrier .	13	Nominative
You can not walk 5 feet without smelling that disgusting cigarette smoke and it blows right into the windows all day and all night .	13	Nominative
When the plants become a few inches tall and their leaves mature , it 's time to transplant them to a larger container .	18	Accusative
I 'm studying to be a teacher , so I know that there will definitely be jobs out there when I 'm done .	20	Nominative
I was ready to buy a new jacket , a new sweater and a couple of your overpriced belts and I walked out because of your obvious lurking	20	Nominative
He began at the beginning and went through the entire story , step by step .	0	Nominative
It will give us some weekend reading !	0	Nominative
I have had my back fused in 2 places .	0	Nominative
I explained to him what I wanted and that I previously went to Braman Honda .	5	Nominative
The plots were thin , there was little development of character and they were loaded down by excessive sentiment , especially when compared to what she was writing concurrently in her diary .	25	Nominative
Let me know when you get the quotes from Pauline .	4	Nominative
You should reply ASAP .	0	Nominative
Also that , I heard in the next few years Fujairah would be as good as Dubai , is it true ?	3	Nominative
I highly recommend any one considering home repair to give these guys a call .	0	Nominative
I could only take it as they would seat the people they know first .	11	Nominative
You understand it was a Continental concern , that Trading society ; but I have a lot of relations living on the Continent , because it 's cheap and not so nasty as it looks , they say .	9	Nominative
One poster admitted to being a part of the effort , writing in a blog post " I have myself , as per instructions , loaded up Gigaloader and started bombarding the Scientology homepage .	19	Accusative
i tried to say i was n't that drunk but z was n't having any of that conversation .	4	Nominative
I explained to him what I wanted and that I previously went to Braman Honda .	9	Nominative
We 'll have to buy some more today ah well , guests first !	0	Nominative
You 'll need to have intermediate French to have a good time in Paris .	0	Nominative
Just one is plenty — it should n't be a recurring theme throughout your conversation .	5	Nominative
She stole the information and gave it to another guy that did all the work .	6	Accusative
With tears in her eyes she said , " Thank you , Mets Poet , thank you . "	16	Accusative
We have no way to estimate how many times we 've served it overall , but we 're now pouring around ten a night .	0	Nominative
I remember one of our ads that I had put in said , " If you think nice girls do n't do S&M , " -- I forgot what the rest of it said --	26	Nominative
The rider needs to have independent hands as well , because you do NOT want to pull too hard on a bit like that . ;)	11	Nominative
Please clarify " all " do you intend 10MM for ENA as well ?	6	Nominative
They are doing it deliberately .	0	Nominative
She trusts me , she ’s more my dog than anyone ’s , and she did n’t like it but for me she lay there .	18	Accusative
Since work has gone to hell , I am hoping to find some excitement in the possibility that LSU may play in the Cotton Bowl ( if Rohan " Alabama " Davey shows up for the next 3 games . )	7	Nominative
Upon arrival at the school , however , it became clear that the children were not accustomed to playing with puppets and that the data collection would be a novel experience for them .	8	Nominative
I would very much like to know on what kind of scientific evidence the Greens are basing all these amendments .	0	Nominative
I can rent another machine for like $ 60 that will give it a finished look .	0	Nominative
What did the Dursleys care if Harry lost his place in the house Quidditch team because he had n't practised all summer ?	16	Nominative
Still , I 've always suspected that Cervantes devoured those old romances .	2	Nominative
Also notice the entity &amp;apos; which will be transformed to an apostrophe when the data is imported by the receiving application .	19	Nominative
My own cousin , Nota Gordon , two years out of the Soviet Union , says to me , " You are no match for them .	25	Accusative
Do n't feed them broccoli , cauliflower , garlic , onions , head lettuce .... they are all too difficult for them to digest .	3	Accusative
If you get a good wife , you 'll become happy ; if you get a bad one , you 'll become a philosopher .	1	Nominative
I 'm not even in Iraq and I could have predicted to you the consequences of doing what the CPA has been doing .	12	Accusative
Each filter you apply is added to the ones you already have in effect .	8	Nominative
In this case we are talking about the market for processed meat products .	3	Nominative
We played a new version of Uno called " African Uno " that was complex , fast and at times , physically challenging .	0	Nominative
Had a meal in this pub and i have to say it was excellant .	7	Nominative
I 'm leaving for Sao Paulo on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow .	0	Nominative
He was ordained as a Baptist minister .	0	Nominative
One thought is to have just the agenda as a couple topics and then lead in with the first two questions as I 've listed .	22	Nominative
If you can present opportunities such as access to private equity or hedge funds , or other ideas with strong growth potential and low correlation to the S@P , I 'd listen .	1	Nominative
Using the default SA account , users can access the SQL Server database through the Access project without any additional security requirements .	15	Nominative
We can start that side of the work now , anticipating having more beasts in the future .	0	Nominative
why do nt you get some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does something right .	16	Nominative
So you do n’t have writers coming up with a story and headline , but you will instead have a team of writers choosing the best headlines and then assign it to a particular writer who was not necessarily involved ?	30	Accusative
I have not had good experience with travel agents .	0	Nominative
they will talk to me if i am mexican ?	0	Nominative
i v owned beardies for ovr 3 yrs and i handle mine all the time .. they do nt go hard lik eneedle hard but they ar nt pillow soft .	9	Nominative
It is a political process and I have decided not to be present , so it was said .	0	Nominative
Fast Service Called them one hour ago and they just left my house five minutes ago .	3	Accusative
you 'll love it	3	Nominative
Would n't you expect some of the religious leaders to do it themselves , or to talk their sons into doing it , if this is truly a supreme act of religious fervor ?	2	Nominative
I searched all over the internet , but I could not find one place in Tampa Bay that sells morcillas , also known as blood pudding , black pudding and blood sausages .	8	Nominative
Some , I heard , got drowned in the surf ; but whether they did or not , nobody seemed particularly to care .	2	Nominative
I 've known the guy for about 10 years .	0	Nominative
I hurried home .	0	Nominative
You had to hand it to them , thought Harry , as George took an ordinary hairpin from his pocket and started to pick the lock .	6	Accusative
I asked her who she worked with and she just told me ti was the sales manager .	0	Nominative
They got out of the car .	0	Nominative
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I am determined to prove to the Admissions committment that I can do the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business .	23	Nominative
Now you are far above the earth - into space .	1	Nominative
Camp , cook , sleep , strike camp , march .	0	Nominative
I ordered 1000 postcards , we normally order 5000 or more .	5	Nominative
They will , however , cost a bunch .	0	Nominative
Is that what you want ?	3	Nominative
I went home at lunch to check on him and he is doing 1000 etter he was actually walkin around and wagin his tail :) thanks everbody for the info it s greatly appreciated .	10	Nominative
I see that it is a 4 , so that will be no problem .	3	Nominative
When you have a looming project that 's bogging you down and making you unproductive in other areas , tackle it first .	9	Accusative
actually i have an project on it so please give me as much as you have information about migratory birds in punjab	1	Nominative
They will not kill mice but they should keep them out of areas where the product is applied .	0	Nominative
I have to say the value of this place always amazes me .	0	Nominative
If you must use them , be vigilant and be ready to push , if you can go elsewhere then I would .	1	Nominative
It 's just like cooking kidney , just boil the piss out of it	0	Nominative
He supported himself during his studies through part-time work as a schoolteacher and as a shorthand reporter in the Danish parliament .	2	Accusative
I 've a feeling there 's been a terrible mistake .	1	Nominative
And she pulled a heavy book from the stack on the mantelpiece .	1	Nominative
actually i have an project on it so please give me as much as you have information about migratory birds in punjab	6	Accusative
The great Golden Gate that will open when the Redeemer appears stands sealed .	7	Nominative
I know that I have the possibility of treating him and still having to put him down .	3	Nominative
As you may recall , they say they want a deposition on the parties ' intention .	1	Nominative
I would highly recommend that you read through some reliable bearded guides to make sure you have everything set up correctly :	15	Nominative
We take the Wikipedia approach : if you think it should be better , please help it be so .	16	Accusative
As a parent , I can well imagine how painful it must be for those families whose children are succumbing to radiation poisoning .	4	Nominative
Yes , I am traveling quite a bit .	2	Nominative
I 've referred everyone i know here and they all feel the same way !!	4	Nominative
the camera only begins to work again when i take out the battery and put it back in .	15	Accusative
she is waiting to see if she can get financing .	6	Nominative
not until the plane had come to a stop on the runway , and they were waiting for the health inspector to come aboard .	14	Nominative
You want your dog to admire you as his pack leader , not fear you .	0	Nominative
I was on vacation from October 4th to October 19th and I did n't submit my timesheet yet .	0	Nominative
Then an engine man from the Balkans said , " In our village we nailed owls to the church door when we caught them . "	12	Nominative
I recommend you to everyone in Calgary , as she is a professional and the cost for her was low .	2	Accusative
I think that providing people with a practical education is one of the most empowering things you can offer a person .	0	Nominative
It actually needs to be relatively waterproof - the last one I bought had me soaked in anything more than light / moderate rain .	0	Nominative
Although Ramzi Binalshibh provided him $ 14,000 in July , accused September 11 conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui told his trial judge that he had an al Qaeda mission that would have come after the terrorist attacks .	21	Nominative
He showed me the car I was interested in and we took a test drive .	0	Nominative
The fact that Stillman took this scavenging seriously intrigued Quinn , but he could do no more than observe , write down what he saw in the red notebook , hover stupidly on the surface of things .	12	Nominative
You were just in front of me when we got out in Rome .	6	Accusative
She talked about ' weaning those ignorant millions from their horrid ways ' , till , upon my word , she made me quite uncomfortable .	22	Accusative
Overall , 2005 is sure to be a year you wo n't forget .	9	Nominative
I have participated in all the weekend beta events and the world preview .	0	Nominative
Called to check if they had a product I 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .	8	Nominative
" They are not going to rush it , because they do n't want it to be a budget buster .	10	Nominative
well since i do nt know your budget , i recommend Hakka Restaurant for chinese food	2	Nominative
You can select the proper route and travel plans by consulting the agents prior to the booking ........	0	Nominative
Good , good for there , he mumbled , and then with a certain eagerness asked me whether I would let him measure my head .	18	Nominative
They have the best Egg Drop Soup I have ever tasted .	7	Nominative
Quinn was no longer that part of him that could write books , and although in many ways Quinn continued to exist , he no longer existed for anyone but himself .	30	Accusative
I love to play with that and I am always looking for muses that fit that bill because it is so interesting making a collection when I find one .	7	Nominative
Side note : If you have anything due right now , and you have n't finished it , leave this article and complete that work .	16	Accusative
He could see him sitting in the chair across from him , but at the same time it felt as though he was not there .	0	Nominative
I occasionally wonder whether that is why the world is so uncomfortable with them .	0	Nominative
I am going to try and study aboard but idk where I can go I can not decide where do you think would be the best place to go ?	14	Nominative
We must help them to improve their border security .	3	Accusative
There he is , she said .	1	Nominative
They already have rights to take it , alter it , and release those changes to the world - this is what the whole open source thing is about .	9	Accusative
US Marines moved into most of Fallujah on Wednesday , though they were still meeting pockets of resistance .	11	Nominative
She told me that was to bad she would do nothing to help me since she could not use or resell the piece .	2	Accusative
I have been shopping there for over six years now .	0	Nominative
Maybe if you formulate your questions a little more specifically it will help you in acquiring the answers .	10	Nominative
All he could tell was that he was standing in the stone fireplace of what looked like a large , dimly lit wizard 's shop – but nothing in here was ever likely to be on a Hogwarts school list .	0	Nominative
Recall that it was two Exocets that ripped the USS Stark to shreds in 1987 , killing 37 sailors .	2	Nominative
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive .	16	Nominative
In retrospect , I think we probably should have selected the CC BY-SA license instead of CC-BY-SA-NC .	3	Nominative
I wish I had the capital to open my own shop ?	0	Nominative
We heard nothing .	0	Nominative
I think 90 percent of the tenants are smokers !	0	Nominative
He did n't take a dislike to the kids for " no " reason !	0	Nominative
Today we have two directives before us , including this one on capital income .	1	Nominative
In any case , we have had some more time to do some exploring ( and shopping ) , so we have some good ideas about what to do if you come .	20	Nominative
We would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on our home .	10	Nominative
I 'm still a beginner .	0	Nominative
He stressed , however , that NASA would not follow this week 's Chinese mission through formal channels .	0	Nominative
I trust that they will give us better love than they are getting from us , for ours is a very low-quality upward-seeping vegetable-sap sort of love , as short-lived as it is spontaneous .	3	Nominative
Then , Ron , you come bounding downstairs going , Mum , look who turned up in the night ! and she 'll be all pleased to see Harry and no one need ever know we flew the car .	25	Nominative
I have finally found a mechanic I trust !!	0	Nominative
She was wearing a flowered apron with a wand sticking out of the pocket .	0	Nominative
I have just checked with RAC ( David Gorte ) and we have a green light to go ahead with the project .	11	Nominative
Do you get what 's wrong with this picture ?	1	Nominative
3 TO 4 DAYS if you are lucky on average it takes about 6 days .	5	Nominative
Be persistent , but do n't pester them about it cause that 'll get you nowhere fast .	14	Accusative
She ran down to meet them , her bushy brown hair flying behind her .	13	Accusative
If only one could be transported on a magic carpet ...	8	Nominative
that will help to reassure him , and he will be less aggressive with her .	8	Nominative
there will be some girls there and then we can get them to meet up with us at that garden in the heights party later that night .	16	Accusative
You should have you chiro out before you decide if you want this horse or not .	0	Nominative
I have a Kodak Camera ( 10.2 Megapixels ) ... Kodak AF 5x OPTICAL LENS ... how do I pause it while recording ?	20	Nominative
But like i said nothing ever came of It .. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up ..	2	Nominative
Do it properly , and legally , and you will be OK .	8	Nominative
I understand the imminent cold weather is making things crazy , so now may not be the best time to be in your way .	0	Nominative
If they 're going kinda slow and like fake biting ( not biting as hard as they can ) , and fake scratching ( not hitting as hard as they can with their paws ) then they 're playing .	29	Nominative
Should I send the resume to Dawn or you directly ?	8	Nominative
I visited their huge Chicago lighting showroom and all I have to say is WOW !!	9	Nominative
The good Ã³l US of A ai nt what it used to be .	9	Nominative
Above , to the left , a Muslim cemetery .	7	Nominative
4 . In Section 6.2.1 I 'll just note that the discount rate sentence I think is still an open issue .	14	Nominative
Hartpury College ( I think that is the name , but if you type it in it should come up with an alternative suggestion ) , in Gloucestershire .	3	Nominative
If you need a cater that is affordable and easy to work with they are the ones .	13	Nominative
She has not only helped me through some challenging computer - work and sports related injuries , she was wonderful to work with throughout my pregnancy and beyond .	0	Nominative
Maybe if you post the question again , someone will give you a good answer .	11	Accusative
I have visited Dr. Cooper 's office twice and I am very impressed with how friendly and polite the staff is .	0	Nominative
Then , the more power they gave to Linda , the worse the place got .	5	Nominative
This is what I would say if I did answer her :	7	Nominative
You can move a control or align it relative to another control .	8	Nominative
No , I will not attend _______	2	Nominative
Paris claims that she was kept at Flag Land Base in Clearwater , Florida until she was eighteen and then transferred to the Freewinds .	15	Nominative
From behind that structure came out an impression of pale plumpness in a frock-coat . The great man himself .	9	Nominative
The young were mostly dead , and the old men had been taken away , they told us , to learn important new things and to come back when they were ready to contribute fully .	17	Accusative
So far what they have done together has been good for us and that ’s how we would like to keep it ’’ , says Karzai .	21	Accusative
She is a creme tabby and I 've had her for over 2 years now .	6	Nominative
They asked us things that we would have never have thought of , and took extra time to meet with us when we needed it before the wedding .	0	Nominative
He might be sick take him to the vet to see	5	Accusative
The Kerry camp blames Bush for the Swift boat veterans ’ attack , but anyone who has spent much time talking to the Swifties gets the sense that they are doing it entirely for their own reasons .	28	Nominative
Once you 're there , ask if you can hold a ball python .	1	Nominative
Place them in a food storage container with an airtight lid .	1	Accusative
see you there at 4:00 unless I call you	8	Accusative
You can find American girls all over the city .	0	Nominative
As for Christchurch , yes the aftershocks are still happening , but these are fairly small - you can feel them , but the do n't do any damage .	17	Nominative
I ca n't get through on the phones .	0	Nominative
I have n't personally but I know a couple of people who have .	5	Nominative
At last he called the operator and asked whether the phone was out of order .	2	Nominative
At the back table sat two old men in shabby clothes , one very fat and the other very thin , intently studying the racing forms .	17	Nominative
" You might find them a little hard to live with , " I tell her .	15	Accusative
The receptionist of " Hand made " , the former film making company of George Harrison said : " we do n't have any relation with that man anymore and we do n't want to know anything about him " .	38	Accusative
If you would like this executed , please let me know .	1	Nominative
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .	3	Nominative
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	0	Nominative
When the war ended he came to Israel via Cyprus , joined Kibbutz Sdot Yam , married , and had two children .	0	Nominative
Wish they could see famous Harry Potter now , he thought savagely , as he spread manure on the flower beds , his back aching , sweat running down his face .	9	Nominative
There were no other options available ( I only brought my check card to cover any overage cost ) and she rang it up and applied it to the gift card before telling me about the tip policy .	20	Nominative
I think it is wonderfully responsible that you are going into this rescue eyes open and are getting the opinions of qualified professionals ( and a bunch of Yahoos ) before you decide to take this horse on .	7	Nominative
Just recently discovered them last time I was down there , they 're very nice ) www.kaffeeeis.co.nz	6	Nominative
Some confounded fact we men have been living contentedly with ever since the day of creation would start up and knock the whole thing over .	3	Nominative
I like to imagine the thought processes going on in W 's head if he were to actually read the letter , but it is hard to picture him actually reading this letter .	14	Nominative
And it is as simple as walking in a direction from there , for the first few neighborhoods , since Old Oakland is along 10th Street , just west of Broadway .	1	Nominative
i 've only tried to feed him one at a time .	0	Nominative
He was warned that they were building up a huge Army and would eventually launch an attack , but he ignored his military advisers .	19	Nominative
And he earned 112 points in 1971 - 1972 .	1	Nominative
It can also make him or her question your motives , leading the person to believe that you may be trying to get something out of him or her .	26	Accusative
I took the receipt and the metal that did not fit and asked Pomper for my money back .	0	Nominative
FusionRetail helps us to maintain the store in an organised way .	2	Accusative
And then you say you wo n’t commit a mistake , so you ’ll commit new mistakes .	4	Nominative
Trust me and most especially trust and believe in yourself .	9	Accusative
In the same way , he chose the three others to play the roles he destined for them .	14	Nominative
Thank you for your patience and I hope you can take a few moments to enjoy the holidays .	6	Nominative
The laser is made into the hand grip and has a switch on the side to turn it on .	17	Accusative
What can we do about it ?	2	Nominative
They need to be expulse from the country and if they are not there they should be banned entering the country to plant their eggs , as they are considered as the rotten left overs of dinasaurs	14	Nominative
At first it was all cool and all .	2	Nominative
It ’s this quiet experience where you are trying to soak in what the joke is , have we done anything like this , is it a unique take , what are other people doing .	18	Nominative
But I was not pleased to read the description in the catalog : " No good in a bed , but fine against a wall . "	1	Nominative
I called the " 207 " number and listened to the same recording loop 3 times before I gave up .	0	Nominative
I could handle my mice , but they where skittish and preferred their cage .	0	Nominative
It was here they stole a small canoe left by the Australian Aborigines of the region .	0	Nominative
In discussion with Dave , we thought it would be good to put this together in a format of questions and answers .	5	Nominative
Jealousy of your achievements or seeming lifestyle can cause another person to feel smug or arrogant about something they think they do better than you or own / have that you do n't .	20	Nominative
Their attempts to ingratiate themselves with India and other neutralist nations have gained them little .	13	Accusative
When you feed him how many pinkies do you feed him ?	1	Nominative
Then they simply insult their trophy friends when they are n't looking .	8	Nominative
She spoke to CNN Style about the experience .	0	Nominative
Of course , you would then be in a position to sell calls again if the stock makes a bounce .	3	Nominative
anybody is open to answers but I would much prefere somebody with traveling experience .	6	Nominative
Is it only girls you hire ?	1	Nominative
I would say if he does not call you back by friday call him again he could be playing hard to get ?	15	Nominative
where can I get morcillas in tampa bay , I will like the argentinian type , but I will to try anothers please ?	17	Nominative
I will not eat halal meat , so guess what , I opted for foods which were n't a meat dish , there were plenty of other options .	11	Nominative
He also runs the AntyScience blog .	0	Nominative
But having allowed Glenda to score such a blinder , who can blame it ?	13	Accusative
Do you have the heart to face monumental failures while bravely struggling beyond where we are now ?	14	Nominative
I 've tried bland white rice but he wo nt eat anything .	0	Nominative
Do n’t skip it .	3	Accusative
There were so many possibilities , he could not even begin .	6	Nominative
I 'm pretty sure it 'll be worth it .	8	Accusative
He said , " Andy Warhol was the center of the Zeitgeist for the 20th century and everything since .	0	Nominative
We thought it was funny .	2	Nominative
you have brought someone else into his territory , and he needs to be reminded that you still love him , and support his claim to his space .	19	Accusative
In any case , I congratulate Mrs Thors on her French ; I certainly can not speak in Swedish or Finnish .	9	Accusative
It is no surprise that the federal and state governments have classified the National Natural Heritage as a nation - wide endeavor of the highest priority and have documented it starting in 2005 in a coalition contract .	29	Accusative
He should have taken a cue from another bomber some pesky dark - skinned foreigners want extradited , CIA operative Michael Meiring .	0	Nominative
WHEREAS , a body of men calling themselves the National Congress are now in session in Washington City , in violation of our Imperial edict of the 12th of October last , declaring the said Congress abolished ;	7	Accusative
" But he likes everyone .	2	Nominative
Same as yours , I believe .	4	Nominative
I am a licensed mental health counselor and I work with variety of mental health problems .	0	Nominative
You now have it in you to create the kind of life for yourself that you want .	13	Accusative
Pursuant to your business question : we only hire nice people .	6	Nominative
Be nice to your feathered friend and let it get back to its business .	8	Nominative
I found them and purchased both from a gallery in London , William Weston .	2	Accusative
It is now threatening to pull out of the Allawi caretaker government .	0	Nominative
It has also opened VW up to huge compensation claims , legal action and has seen it take more than € 16bn of provisions .	0	Nominative
He shuffled athwart , keeping one eye ahead vigilantly .	0	Nominative
It was as part of that surveillance in early 2001 that Jafar the Pilot studied tourist helicopters in the NYC area .	0	Nominative
I have the HTC Evo .	0	Nominative
That 's why I rang the buzzer without asking who it was .	3	Nominative
Major general Fuad Basya , spokesman for the Indonesian military , said fisherman first noticed the people and a warship was deployed to retrieve them .	24	Accusative
You 'll still have to take another bus or the Metro down to Montparnasse .	0	Nominative
For heaven 's sake , let them have it , it 's someone else 's turn to burn the midnight oil there , now ...	6	Accusative
As it moves over land , it is cut off from the source of energy driving the storm [ which is ] the evaporation of water from the warm sea surface ;	6	Nominative
Abbas , a refugee himself from what is today the northern Israeli city of Safed , called the refugee issue " very important and very dangerous . "	4	Accusative
Harry , trying to say Shh ! and look comforting at the same time , ushered Dobby back onto the bed where he sat hiccoughing , looking like a large and very ugly doll .	9	Nominative
On top of that though they tried to charge us service charge just to rub it it ....	15	Accusative
And they would not have to land on the moon to take us down a notch . "	12	Accusative
( He already had the traumas that his previous girlfriend Jane Asher had caused him when she made him aware of his little manliness and effeminate manners ) .	14	Accusative
I am going to try and study aboard but idk where I can go I can not decide where do you think would be the best place to go ?	11	Nominative
They have been extremely helpful whenever I have asked for help .	6	Nominative
I have a Nacho Libre question .?	0	Nominative
You will be asked to register , and then you should wander over to the Announce Your Arrival Section and present yourself .	9	Nominative
As he wandered through the station , he reminded himself of who he was supposed to be .	7	Nominative
Thank you ,	1	Accusative
I have never seen this car before until this lady at wal mart had it and she told me she got it here and that everyone was so nice to her .	14	Nominative
We have had enthusiastic responses from companies such as AT&T , Duke Energy , Pitney Bowes and Daimler Chrysler , and I would be pleased to answer any questions you may have about this focal point for our educational efforts .?	21	Nominative
So we try it out here .	1	Nominative
It incorporates Mr. Stojic 's and Mr. Kelly 's initial comments .	0	Nominative
Just my opinion here - no judgement - getting your snake on frozen / thawed will prove to be much easier for you and safer for your snake in the long run .	22	Accusative
I should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you did n't spell her name right in the email - I mean it 's such a common spelling .	25	Nominative
i knew someone in college who had one and i loved it .	9	Nominative
You can even make the whole language not based on the Latin Alphabet at all like Chinese !	0	Nominative
if that happens , separate them , and give them time apart .	5	Accusative
Last year we just knew we were going to the playoffs ; we knew we were going post-season .	2	Nominative
I came in for alterations ( free , by the way ) and told her about a stain I had on my new leather purse .	0	Nominative
I laid her down on some sticks .	2	Accusative
I am looking forward to seeing Ginger " Rees " Copeland when she comes to Houston .	0	Nominative
It could be due to nausea or any number of things .	0	Nominative
I could not go to their country and demand they slaughter and sell an animal as meat the way I prefer to eat it .	0	Nominative
they use them to look prickly .. would you try to eat a cactus [ if u had no knife ] i know i would nt .	8	Nominative
My parents do not like me , They constantly reassure me that they will throw me out of home when I turn 18 .	10	Accusative
Afterwards I took it back when it was borne in upon me startlingly with what extreme nicety he had estimated the time requisite for the ' affair . '	11	Accusative
Dr. Ruona , if you read this , thank you for helping me get more healthy .	9	Accusative
I like my food hot both ways not warm or cold .	0	Nominative
They expect you back , she said with pride .	0	Nominative
I said I would buy you a racing broom , said his father , drumming his fingers on the counter .	0	Nominative
Then I 'll take it to Ed for his approval .	1	Nominative
I do n't know if I should call him again tomorrow or not ?	5	Nominative
There are a couple decent people working there , but the rest are VERY dishonest , as well as rude , I have yet to hear the truth come out of their mouths .	21	Nominative
I said great and Dan arrived on time at 10 am to make the repair .	0	Nominative
I called 3 times to talked to a manager , never a call back .	0	Nominative
At the age of six , I myself wore a tallith katan , or scapular , under my shirt , only mine was a scrap of green calico print , whereas theirs are white linen .	20	Nominative
Both the engagement and wedding pictures that he took for us we absolutely amazing .	7	Nominative
I rated it 5 stars .	0	Nominative
Harry Potter must say he 's not going back to school –	4	Nominative
A joint of roast pork was sizzling in the oven .	1	Nominative
I did n't think so but you could be right . "	6	Nominative
My father was a young man , thirty-five , younger because he liked to be outside , to play softball on Saturday and to take my mother and me camping on vacation .	28	Accusative
If we do not achieve our objective of resolving this dispute , then I fear the WTO will slip on a banana skin .	1	Nominative
I am having a meeting with Vicki and Janet Dietrich on Thursday to discuss our view on the ability to extend our current contracts in CA ( for customers already on DA ) .	0	Nominative
Jealousy of your achievements or seeming lifestyle can cause another person to feel smug or arrogant about something they think they do better than you or own / have that you do n't .	18	Nominative
I 'm sorry he makes me want to puke so I shut him off .	0	Nominative
You may want to use ANSI-92 SQL for the following reasons :	9	Nominative
Clinton and allies , meanwhile , are seeking to keep the spotlight on Trump , charging that his disparaging comments about women and minorities , and his temperament make him unfit for office .	29	Accusative
Just the zinc fumes will get you , if you do n't take precautions .	6	Accusative
I have tryed to give him water but he wo nt take it .. what should i do ?	8	Nominative
Tina Anselmi was born on the 25th of March , 1927 in Castelfranco Veneto ; she grew up in an anti-fascist Catholic family , which was marked by the persecution of her militant socialist father .	15	Nominative
East Jerusalem toughies of fourteen are smoking cigarettes and stiffening their shoulders , practicing the dangerous-loiterer bit as we pass .	18	Nominative
These responses have the added benefit of being natural launching points for conversations about your hobbies , like the writing you 're doing on the side and the great bourbon you tasted the other day .	20	Nominative
Two or three times I consider whether to mention to him a letter I sent Le Monde during the 1973 war about the position being taken by France .	4	Nominative
You could stay in a city & get a bus tour to say the Cliffs of Moher or Dingle peninsula but you will be with all the other tourists .	21	Nominative
Yeah , I see O.J. Simpson .	2	Nominative
The Dursleys liked everything neat and ordered ; the Weasleys house burst with the strange and unexpected .	11	Nominative
But then again I was nice to them so that could have been why .	3	Nominative
We collected wild colonies of Formica fusca by searching through old tree-trunks in old logging sites in southern Finland .	0	Nominative
This tax is not well publicized but it is essential to remember it .	12	Accusative
The pastor at this church is cool , I met him after some holiday service .	10	Accusative
I love their costumes .	0	Nominative
There are several businesses on Chatham Island that will rent you a vehicle .	10	Accusative
Memon also said she believed the social movement in reaction to Mohamed helped improve Muslim / non-Muslim .	3	Nominative
It will also give us a future in the two very important industries that we can not ignore and ensure Europe 's future prosperity .	4	Accusative
4 ) If they are not going up by now you just got ta keep trying and keep trying .	10	Nominative
If you are moving the line towards the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows smaller .	32	Nominative
He will be in Calgary in a couple of weeks and will interview you then .	0	Nominative
Let me know which is easier and we can coordinate .	7	Nominative
How are you doing ?	2	Nominative
You could look at yourself , turning to catch different angles and say “ All right , all right , now we ’re talking , ” very loudly .	0	Nominative
He worked on the news and current affairs side of radio and TV for decades .	0	Nominative
He had not really lost himself ; he was merely pretending , and he could return to being Quinn whenever he wished .	13	Nominative
Do you think there are any koreans in Miramar ?	1	Nominative
No cards , no presents , and he would be spending the evening pretending not to exist .	7	Nominative
Addressing the OAS , Amin had provoked laughter and applause among the delegates by saying that the hostages were as comfortable as they could be in the circumstances surrounded by explosives .	22	Nominative
I am very artistic so I decided I was going to make her a giraffe sculpture .	5	Nominative
If it lasted 1 month i could suck it up but 1 day ?	8	Nominative
For a split second , Uncle Vernon stood framed in the doorway ; then he let out a bellow like an angry bull and dived at Harry , grabbing him by the ankle .	2	Nominative
I am asking respectfully if you could give me a recommendation or referral to ETS technology department .	5	Nominative
Please let me know ... we are eager to keep trading with Global and yourselves ...	2	Accusative
We favour a reform involving the alignment of prices to world market prices and a reduction in export refunds .	0	Nominative
She had a soft , dry voice and her accent was slighter than her husband 's .	13	Accusative
Sheer contrast to getting it done at karol bagh which is done under the wooden plank	4	Nominative
Let s try before Fri , as I am planning to take that day off	7	Nominative
Thank you , Bowtie !	1	Accusative
What Stillman did on these walks remained something of a mystery to Quinn .	5	Nominative
If your cat is not trained to use the litter pan , you may have a problem taking her .	12	Nominative
it s jack s aquarium and pets I believe . ?	7	Nominative
The disembarking passengers were all strangers again , connected not with each other but to the mouthing , smiling faces and waving hands on the airport balcony .	11	Nominative
The other ethicities were n't well represented in politics yet -- or rather , they were just breaking the color barrier in the 70's due largely to the more open - minded hippy generation .	14	Nominative
She told me she could not use the piece I was returning and the company would only put it in the trash so I could not return it .	27	Accusative
Another variation is where the referee places the snitch somewhere in the field ( in this case it 's a small ball ) .	17	Nominative
If you own a Retail Store or are a Professional Vendor who exhibits at Sport , Hunting , or Craft Shows and are interested in selling our products , please give us a call !	1	Nominative
I feel like shit for saying that but after what they have done already i wo nt be buying grocerys for the next few weeks .	0	Nominative
I see we expect to have separate contracts for each project .	2	Nominative
Please give me a call if you would like to discuss .	6	Nominative
He could suggest to Virginia Stillman that she get an unlisted telephone number .	7	Nominative
What would you have done differently than him ?	7	Accusative
Do n't do it , put it on a list and do it later .	3	Accusative
Try googling it or type it into youtube you might get lucky .	2	Accusative
He also announced this in January :	0	Nominative
And , she granted , “ you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different — we can do better — and where she has expressed regret . ”	16	Nominative
I would understand if I was being treated this way by a staff member but the club 's actual OWNER ?!	0	Nominative
After these successes , he signed a contract with Team Telekom and moved in with his girlfriend in Merdingen in Südbaden , where he lived until 2002 .	23	Nominative
I sat generally on the floor , while , of faultless appearance ( and even slightly scented ) , perching on a high stool , he wrote , he wrote .	28	Nominative
If we 're not careful , we 'll have another Head Boy in the family .	6	Nominative
We 've only had one urgent issue to deal with and they were very prompt in their response .	11	Nominative
I was like Ummmm i can see your ass cheeks ... he was like Oops did i forget my Underwear ???	4	Nominative
Ginny seemed very prone to knocking things over whenever Harry entered a room .	8	Nominative
Auster was no more than a name to him , a husk without content .	8	Accusative
Ok to book for me and my husband , Joseph .	4	Accusative
We inherit our mode of appreciation from the Victorians , from a time of safety and leisure , when dinner guests knew better than to smoke after the main course , when Levantines were Levantines and culture was still culture .	0	Nominative
I know now where to get all of my wine and beer .	0	Nominative
I 'm checking my emails .	0	Nominative
it s your cat you can pick and name you want	4	Nominative
Bryan , you 're in , right ?	2	Nominative
China and Japan , and the world at large , have more dollar reserves than they require .	15	Nominative
I got him back the first of the month and he had lost some weight but attributed that to be worked everyday ( I expected him to drop some ) .	2	Accusative
HOWEVER : you will pay as if there are 2 people in the cabin , even if it is just you .	17	Nominative
I would like to come down to Austin this spring to meet with you to further discuss my application file and to personally meet you .	24	Accusative
South Africa are almost at the point of no return and we have to be able to match their desire .	11	Nominative
For our readers who are unaware of your site , could you briefly explain what wikiHow is ?	11	Nominative
She trusts me , she ’s more my dog than anyone ’s , and she did n’t like it but for me she lay there .	2	Accusative
( Kut is in southeastern Iraq and has an overwhelmingly Shiite population , who are on the lookout for Baathist saboteurs and willingly turn them in .	24	Accusative
Would it be possible to persuade others to agree with what he said , even though they did not believe him ?	6	Nominative
I have been here 3 to 4 times and every time food they served seems warmed up not cooked after you order it .	20	Nominative
You might be able to make a version of your setup work , but it would take quite a bit of charcoal and a lot of forced air .	14	Nominative
But it did revolutionize the way we think of as a smartphone .	6	Nominative
Quinn , he muttered to himself .	5	Accusative
Quinn , he muttered to himself .	2	Nominative
I work as a Transformational Life Coach .	0	Nominative
I would like to see the quotes and a description of the work to be done .	0	Nominative
For some reason , he found it unpleasant to look in the mirror and kept trying to avoid himself with his eyes .	4	Nominative
Attached is the letter I originally sent to you on May 10 in this regard .	8	Accusative
We got into talk , and by-and-by we strolled away from the hissing ruins . Then he asked me to his room , which was in the main building of the station .	7	Nominative
While Tanya is reviewing credit , can you please send a " blank form Paragraph 13 " for this master .	7	Nominative
i m pretty sure that they do see things on the tv screen because my cat chases things around the tv screen	5	Nominative
She said quietly , We certainly did n't think we 'd be the proprietors of the Silver Rhino .	0	Nominative
You are a clear thinker and all you demand from life , in a relationship , is a partner whom you can trust and with whom you can , together , develop a foundation of trust based on understanding .	20	Nominative
If you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone .	1	Nominative
There was also a list of the new books he 'd need for the coming year .	14	Nominative
What they wonder is whether Google can be anything more than what it 's always been -- a great search engine with some real grass - roots support , successful by the grace of simplicity .	12	Nominative
The draft you received has been approved by Dan .	2	Nominative
you have brought someone else into his territory , and he needs to be reminded that you still love him , and support his claim to his space .	16	Nominative
Rebecca Edwards came in from the veranda , smiling good-naturedly , inquiringly , under the remarks shied at her .	18	Accusative
This means that they have not benefited from the uplift that the fall in sterling has given to overseas assets .	3	Nominative
Also , I have an extra ticket for the Comets game on Sat. you said you wanted to go ?	2	Nominative
" Nobody thinks that there will be a lot of oil and gas in this part of the world , " he said .	21	Nominative
The garden was large , and in Harry 's eyes , exactly what a garden should be .	1	Nominative
Dewar says that bureaucrats of the Conservative government have complained to him about document security to the point that they ca n`t share the information with their own colleagues .	11	Accusative
More than anything else at Hogwarts , more even than playing Quidditch , Harry missed his best friends , Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger .	3	Nominative
I really appreciate BJ s for making that special day even better with their wonderful food and service .	0	Nominative
make sure that you have a shallow dish of water for it .	3	Nominative
NOTE : You may want to retain every name and address sent to you , either on a computer or hard copy and keep the notes people send you .	13	Accusative
all know that after the end of the year they 'll be on contract , and that means they 'll be replaced in three years .	9	Nominative
It was huge and scared the crap out of me .	0	Nominative
I 've never met a hamster that did n't bite me .	0	Nominative
As time went on , I came out with books and CDs , and I became used to that kind of thing .	14	Nominative
Do you think it was an appropriate form of satire for Dan Savage to popularize the definition of the santorum neologism created in his advice column ?	1	Nominative
It 's complicated , I 'm afraid . Very complicated .	4	Nominative
her long curly hair had sprung out , diademed with raindrops , because she had done her marshmallow toasting outside over the spit fire .	0	Accusative
Besides parking is a pain .. cramped and un-ruly with Kumon Parents next door .... gives me heebee gee bees'	16	Accusative
Nervous people make mistakes , so I suppose there will be a wave of succesfull arab attacks .	6	Nominative
The man told him that a war between the two universes is coming , as he and Walter had predicted ; it is for this reason that Olivia , among others , was trained as a child .	15	Nominative
At first , it looked as though Uncle Vernon would manage to gloss the whole thing over ( Just our nephew – very disturbed meeting strangers upsets him , so we kept him upstairs )	27	Accusative
You will find the people of Tulsa love their city and they have that southern charm , so they are willing to help you find your way around .	18	Nominative
They already have rights to take it , alter it , and release those changes to the world - this is what the whole open source thing is about .	0	Nominative
It was conducted just off the Mexican coast from April to June .	0	Nominative
Also , I would like to continue our dialague regarding creating an Energy - Finance Private Equity Fund at UT .	2	Nominative
They might want to change the name to reflect the new yorkedness of the pizza , scrummy yummy sounds gimmicky to me .	21	Accusative
Text the other person a brief message asking them about their day , asking them a specific question about work or school , or simply saying " Hi ! " .	8	Accusative
I love this cage , it 's easy to clean , very spacious and fun for the hamster	5	Nominative
A connection file stores information about a connection to a data source ( such as an OLE DB data source ) and the data associated with the connection .	13	Nominative
I am waiting longer at BNA for my pickups and last time I parked with them , they lost my car key .	17	Nominative
She talks to you at each appointment .	0	Nominative
After looking at the menu and seeing the new menu items they had , we knew we were in for a treat !	16	Nominative
I have taken this tour and it was great .	0	Nominative
Victim of hard times and I suspect failing corporate management .	5	Nominative
they all need love and attn , food , proper surroundings etc .	0	Nominative
Under the Unitary Executive Theory , the Laws of Congress and Decisions of the Supreme Court have no actual authority unless the President agrees with them .	25	Accusative
They must also get something to keep take - out warm , so it 's not room temperature at best when you get it home .	13	Nominative
I seem to have arrived , he said to himself .	9	Accusative
Of course I do n't open wrong kind bottle .	2	Nominative
As a matter of fact , he was as not normal as it is possible to be .	6	Nominative
There are no same-day return flights , so once there you have to stay at least one night .	10	Nominative
lol They where super friendly towards us and treated us like people not walking bags of cash .	9	Accusative
could you also CC me the first few times you send it ?	4	Accusative
When starting off , follow closely to a language you like .	9	Nominative
I also believe that the regional authorities are not all in a position to establish contacts with the Commission .	0	Nominative
This is a gnome , he said grimly .	5	Nominative
It has major airlines with direct flights to major cities in the U.S.	0	Nominative
Jane , on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .	13	Nominative
On his best walks , he was able to feel that he was nowhere .	5	Nominative
I mean , is the problem national , say between Jews and Arabs ; or is it a matter of generations between an old age and a new age ?	16	Nominative
We were also served salad and soda .	0	Nominative
Please let me know when he can expect to receive it .	2	Accusative
He originated nothing , he could keep the routine going – that 's all . But he was great .	16	Nominative
I look downward toward the Dead Sea , over broken rocks and small houses with bulbous roofs .	0	Nominative
And , she granted , “ you have to look at where she has acknowledged that we need to do something different — we can do better — and where she has expressed regret . ”	6	Nominative
I knew I had found the real deal , big pies , sold by the slice , with the pizzas sitting under the glass in the front .	2	Nominative
I like old Hjalmar .	0	Nominative
So , can rabbits and chickens live together as long as they have separate places for their food and water ?	11	Nominative
The opinion must be expressed when the vote on the full text is taken in committee .	5	Nominative
I presume you need the Pakistan base for rescue operations in case anything went wrong .	2	Nominative
It s a Reel and i have danced to it before ..	0	Nominative
Try to be playful and even slightly sarcastic as you respond to the statements of the person you 're talking to .	9	Nominative
UN Secretary - General Kofi Annan has indicated it is time to " recognize Hezbollah " after easily being duped by " the message on the placards they are using " .	27	Nominative
Do whatever it is you ’ve been daydreaming about so that the temptation is removed once you get back to work .	2	Nominative
I think for starters , myself and those of you who believe in God could say a special prayer for them .	5	Accusative
He now discusses his work with Wikinews .	0	Nominative
The Only Catch Is That You HAVE To Have An Income ABOVE $ 21,000 ...... And ...... You HAVE To Follow The Easy Instructions Provided To You .	17	Nominative
When they are cruel , their friends will usually ignore it or not do anything to stop it since they 're afraid that they 'll be treated badly by their ' friend . '	10	Accusative
There had been so many delays already that he did not know who was dead and who was alive , and how they got on – and so on , and so on .	22	Nominative
He thanked him , listening to the two men at once and hearing neither , and followed the firm rump in white shorts past barriers and through the reception hall .	2	Accusative
You may also starve it by preventing new blood from reaching it from other parts of the body , thereby preventing new " supplies " from expanding the tumor .	4	Accusative
From May 1972 to May 1973 , he earned just 56 points — not much , but enough to meet his requirement .	7	Nominative
I would recommend him to everyone !	0	Nominative
There 's lots of towns called Miramar , it 'd help a lot if you listed a state or some sort of context you 're looking for it in .	27	Accusative
However , what they hoped to do during the Tet Offensive was to sneak past the Americans and attack the ARVN in the urban areas where they were deployed doing successful Clear and Defend operations .	3	Nominative
“ You want it ? ” she says .	3	Accusative
It notes 10 points at which the US made key mistakes that might have stopped Bin Laden 's plot .	0	Nominative
soon he will make the whole house his , but he needs that one safe place to start from .	10	Nominative
I have been a friend and customer of Signs of Saltford for well over 12 years now and I also became their website supplier some 3 years ago .	0	Nominative
only once it looked like my male cat was biting at her neck and then her stomach and she was meowing fairly loud and hissed once then he backed off and now they are fine .	27	Nominative
If you are moving the line away from the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows larger .	15	Nominative
Additionally , reviewing the standings of Louisiana and Mississippi in the educational stakes , you 'll find they usually land near the bottom of a list of 50 states .	14	Nominative
What individuals would you like to see in a Hill administration ?	3	Nominative
Open the door and let him out and see how he acts .	5	Accusative
We are much safer today on board ship due to SOLAS , and I suppose if any good came out of the Titanic tragedy , the adoption of SOLAS is probably it .	31	Nominative
Then , also , he 's got so much stuff in there right now , that I do n't know how he 's going to fit baby stuff .	16	Nominative
' No , not yet , ' he answered , with great composure .	7	Nominative
The two hands when upraised and folded together represent : " Now I am trying to establish a link with Parama Purus'a ( Supreme Consciousness ) . "	12	Nominative
I wo n't find out until Monday .	0	Nominative
Some time ago ... a word in your ear , I said , you 'd be unwise to lose Brigadier Radcliffe .	2	Nominative
I was like Ummmm i can see your ass cheeks ... he was like Oops did i forget my Underwear ???	16	Nominative
At Madison Avenue he turned right and went south for a block , then turned left and saw where he was .	19	Nominative
We called our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it taken care of .	0	Nominative
I am intrigued by the competition for trading platforms and was astonished to hear that Goldman , Morgan , BP and Shell were going to launch a site to compete with yours .	0	Nominative
He was one of the first six international scholars to be elected as honorary members of the Linguistic Society of America .	0	Nominative
It has been a pleasure meeting you and I hope we can continue to talk about energy and finance in the future .	10	Nominative
It 's the best meal for the money you will find in all of metro Atlanta .	0	Nominative
It has three parallel chapels at the apse and many lateral chapels between the buttresses .	0	Nominative
She was an anthropologist , and Bray accepted this as an explanation for her passion for arranging excursions , on which she carried her baby tied on her back , African style .	23	Accusative
When we start the summer process , we will interview the candidate and slot him for your group .	1	Nominative
It depends on if you ever registered the birth .	4	Nominative
After he finished eating , Quinn wandered over to the stationery shelves .	1	Nominative
I was very upset when I went to Mother Plucker , they had NO FEATHERS and the quality is TERRIBLE .	11	Nominative
Midas has the most high tech equipment in town & I guarantee you if they told you it was electrical then in deed it s electrical !	16	Accusative
You can also choose whether you want to use an existing connection file or create a new one .	10	Nominative
Let us know and we can add it , and make any other changes you 'd like to make at this end .	1	Accusative
I 'm like , ‘ Are you insane ?	6	Nominative
I think if you can not afford to get him treated that you should not consider him as a prospect .	9	Accusative
We all know that the market share of the railways has declined in recent years .	0	Nominative
He has become our department expert on the PSA account ( much more knowledgeable than myself ) and the various plan provision amendments .	15	Accusative
Seeing another " Columbia " incident can be quite frightening ( I woke up to it early in the morning when I was in Texas ) .	21	Nominative
My husband has been a professional chef , so he is a good judge of quality food .	9	Nominative
I should have asked then but i did n't the only line i remember is de lunde bar .. or something like that .. does anybody know which song i am talking about ?	29	Nominative
They certainly know what they are doing .	4	Nominative
Just the zinc fumes will get you , if you do n't take precautions .	9	Nominative
He was very anxious for me to kill somebody , but there was n't the shadow of a carrier near .	0	Nominative
When she was spayed the vet had a hard time because she only has one uterine horn and he said this could mean she only has on kidney .	11	Nominative
North of Naples they had bad weather and engine trouble , but they reached their harbor and anchored near two Japanese ships .	15	Nominative
Because of the ants I dropped them to a 3 star .	6	Accusative
i have talked to some people that say that a medical exam is an invasion of privacy and other say it s a routine thing when entering another country .	0	Nominative
I also did not feel like they tried to sell me a bunch of services that I did not need .	6	Nominative
" We believe the action we took addressed a severe concern , '' Robinson said .	1	Nominative
Attached are the fax cover pages for each of the Nylon and Polykron Deemed ISDAs I just sent you .	15	Nominative
I was told to leave a restaurant because I ordered water with my meal ( apparently this is " washing down " your food " ) and not ordering wine .	0	Nominative
For one brief instant Quinn thought , So this is what detective work is like . But other than that he thought nothing .	1	Nominative
Built during the Safavid period , it is an excellent example of Islamic architecture of Iran , and regarded as one of the masterpieces of Persian Architecture .	6	Nominative
His delight in killing people became a campaign issue in 2000 when he seemed , in one debate , to enjoy the prospect of executing wrong - doers a little too much .	12	Nominative
I assume you mean the crazy horse memorial .	0	Nominative
rug works for me	3	Accusative
she knows she is invading someone else 's territory , but ca n't help it , and has no where to go .	2	Nominative
He then spent four years with BBC World Service radio at Bush House .	0	Nominative
I live in the neighborhood and this place is one of my favorites for a tasty , quick and inexpensive meal .	0	Nominative
For example , when you move a Product field to the filter area , you can have the chart display category and series values for one product at a time .	0	Nominative
Broad sections of the population having access to these new forms of knowledge and learning is something we should very much welcome .	21	Nominative
I have known him for only a few years but he has become a dear friend .	10	Nominative
Beside him , Kabata 's strong thighs filled the seat .	1	Accusative
Additional printed copies should be available within the next day or so and I will make them available to all of you - just let me know how many copies you need .	21	Accusative
But if not just say no but i hope there is like one out there somewhere .	7	Nominative
I had a dead battery last week and called this company since they were the closest they had very quick service for a Monday morning , thanks again guys .	0	Nominative
These are concentrated rays , but they do not penetrate down to where we usually are .	6	Nominative
If you can smell the cupcakes earlier , check to make sure they are n't browning earlier ( this means they 're more than ready ) .	1	Nominative
I especially liked the Eco friendly atmosphere and the owner s love of all animals .	0	Nominative
Sure , some items are a little pricey , but c'm on ... have you ever been out to eat in Seattle before ?	14	Nominative
" I find it troubling that a candidate for president in our country -- the world 's oldest democracy -- would characterize the military takeover as " good news , " Gore said .	3	Nominative
It is very clean and is Sandalwood , Driftwood or something of that nature in color .	0	Nominative
But it can not be avoided .	1	Nominative
She answers all questions asked and provides the best service i have ever seen .	0	Nominative
She seemed to know all about them and about me too .	6	Accusative
How do you run a cafe , with no refills on coffee - ?	2	Nominative
He found himself tending toward a jacket and a tie .	0	Nominative
if so how quick will she adapt to a litter box inside ?	5	Nominative
We see this as the ideal opportunity to provide these educative sessions not only to our own librarians , but also to the academic librarians of other Dutch research libraries .	0	Nominative
They sometimes do nt get along ( you know how some girls are lol hahahaahh but for real though , two girls tend to fight a lot .	0	Nominative
if that happens , separate them , and give them time apart .	9	Accusative
However , they could not find this same pattern in tissues such as the bladder , which are not directly exposed .	2	Nominative
I have n't the book handy , so I paraphrase .	0	Nominative
He went into the room kept darkened by drawn curtains and slept .	8	Nominative
You also need Pakistani air space .	0	Nominative
I have never been disappointed .	0	Nominative
I assume you need both gas and power .	2	Nominative
I know that some of you are , and that some of us are , and this is what gives me hope .	20	Accusative
But you know what ?	1	Nominative
So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)	2	Nominative
The staff do occasionally get game info correct , but if you r looking fot a good game and are n't a nerd , do nt ask them .	27	Accusative
" I ca n't accept such a sacrifice from you . "	1	Nominative
As you know , the suffix ONLINE is purely descriptive and now used by many companies .	1	Nominative
And , let 's remember , flying supersonic fighter jets is dangerous !	3	Accusative
I got yelled at , literally yelled at because i asked if i could pick up my car 5 - 10 minutes late .	12	Nominative
He took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of his shoes ??	13	Nominative
He 'd almost be glad of a sight of his arch-enemy , Draco Malfoy , just to be sure it had n't all been a dream .	0	Nominative
Afterwards I took it back when it was borne in upon me startlingly with what extreme nicety he had estimated the time requisite for the ' affair . '	17	Nominative
They wear extremely loud shirts , blue-green sprigged with red berries , but they strike me as good fellows and are neat and nimble about the table .	13	Nominative
Do it properly , and legally , and you will be OK .	1	Accusative
Surgery visit timings were always made to suit me and not them and they gave me the feeling that I mattered and was important to them .	11	Accusative
I remember one of our ads that I had put in said , " If you think nice girls do n't do S&M , " -- I forgot what the rest of it said --	32	Accusative
I believe the message you forwarded to me belongs to the Mark Taylor at EI ( based in London ) .	4	Nominative
“ Do n’t you quote the founders at me , ” Derya snaps .	8	Accusative
We went in for a third visit and they fixed it again , but this time when we picked up the car , the radio and clock did not work .	8	Nominative
Google has finally had an analyst day -- a chance to present the company 's story to the ( miniscule number of ) people who have n't heard it .	28	Nominative
We did receive a payment for $ 3,202.61 on 11-20-2000 .	0	Nominative
Basically , she came up with a few class projects , and I came up with a few class projects ;	2	Nominative
He sat at the checkout desk , stamping books and reading Tristram Shandy for a graduate class ; he was almost asleep when someone said , " Excuse me . "	0	Nominative
Baghdadis do n't venture much out of their neighbourhoods any more , you never know where you might get stuck .	16	Nominative
I specially did n't say anything about the colour because I did n't want to muddle you up .	0	Nominative
Auster was somewhat reticent about it , but at last he conceded that he was working on a book of essays . The current piece was about Don Quixote .	10	Nominative
When I found out them came up with the Nook Tablet , I was pretty disappointed though , because I bought my Nook color for the same darn price !	19	Nominative
A bus that runs through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her , but I could n't do it .	20	Accusative
He made a grab for the letters , but Dobby jumped out of reach .	0	Nominative
i want it b/c it is really small and cute .	4	Nominative
Work it into your speech -- something along the line of , " And Jen , you come from great people and have fantastic friends .	16	Nominative
Before coming to Acupuncture DOCTOR I was a big baby about needles and only came because my boyfriend 's aunt recommended it .	21	Accusative
Make sure that it is a language that while speaking , you do n't get a literal knot in your tongue !	11	Nominative
You need our insights just as we need your structure .	0	Nominative
Both bathrooms look like they were flooded and the wood cabinets are thrashed at the bottom and they slapped some pieces of wood over to try to cover it up .	17	Nominative
She noted then that women customarily walked about 10 feet behind their husbands .	0	Nominative
If you have received this transmittal and / or attachments in error , please notify us immediately by reply or by telephone ( call us collect at +1 212-848-8400 ) and immediately delete this message and all its attachments .	24	Accusative
At the very worst , they could take on new identities , live under different names .	5	Nominative
We feel that the Internet provides an effective way of avoiding that stranglehold .	0	Nominative
of course , his hopes had n't been high ; they 'd never given him a proper present , let alone a cake – but to ignore it completely .	10	Nominative
Well that ’s kind of an unending war , so do we want NATO to exist , do we want there to be a Western military alliance that carries out these activities , with no pretense of defense ?	18	Nominative
I 'm not sure about the origin of the name but they are a lot of different cities with different and unique names like Miramar so it 's just a name .	26	Nominative
Could you tell me what deal tickets you are seeing ?	3	Accusative
But since in my country it lasts for minimum 6 years , and I want to go aground the world , what do you think , should I do it before or after medical school ?	23	Nominative
I know that some of you are , and that some of us are , and this is what gives me hope .	5	Accusative
I hope everything went all right and that Harry is okay and that you did n't do anything illegal to get him out , Ron , because that would get Harry into trouble , too .	21	Accusative
I needed a part for my appliance , the cost was very high so I said never mind , paid the fee and called a local business for a second quote .	14	Nominative
The least we can do is pass this news along .	2	Nominative
If you have plants in your tank .	1	Nominative
ONLY IF YOU HAVE BEEN ON BOARD * BOTH * !!	2	Nominative
You can group based on the first n characters of the individual items .	2	Nominative
Maybe if they see how much time and effort you 've devoted to researching the animal they 'll reconsider .	9	Nominative
It also came with free balance and rotation for the life of the tires !	0	Nominative
Quinn smiled weakly . No problem , he said .	7	Nominative
They are the best !	0	Nominative
I am thinking about getting a rabbit as a pet , but my parents said that it has to stay outside .	16	Nominative
I liked it so much there I ended up doing a PhD and I 've been working on social insects ever since .	13	Nominative
I feel like shit for saying that but after what they have done already i wo nt be buying grocerys for the next few weeks .	14	Nominative
I have had all three of my children attend Lake Forest Tots .	0	Nominative
1 . The pricing that we have given CRRA is specific to FuelCell Energy and would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer ( i.e. , ONSI would be a lot more money ) .	5	Nominative
Dobby has them here , sir , said the elf .	5	Nominative
What disturbs is whether Americans understand the world at all , whether they are a match for the Russians the Sadats are in themselves comparatively unimportant .	12	Nominative
By Friday December 1st , could you please tell me the percentages / amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and November .	16	Nominative
Dash it all ! I thought to myself , they ca n't trade without using some kind of craft on that lot of fresh water – steamboats !	4	Nominative
However , paying people to write and edit articles ultimately means that you have to make one of two sacrifices .	12	Nominative
It was an ingrown toenail .	0	Nominative
There 's no other candidate – since he is the only one who accompanies Don Quixote on all his adventures .	7	Nominative
My waiter was so excellent I gave him a 75 % tip , and it was worht every penny ..	14	Nominative
Jared just told me you have a BUNCH of stuff on your plate and I think you are about to get much busier too .	16	Nominative
Try the local sake too if you can .	6	Nominative
We would like to thank you for the roofing job you did on our home .	5	Nominative
" There is always the possibility they could jam us up , make us look like we are not numero uno , " Pike said .	13	Accusative
They close whenever they feel like it , often well before their listed closing time .	3	Nominative
Either Stillman knew what he was doing or he did n't .	4	Nominative
It was pretty epic as I remember and would love to send my friend there .	0	Nominative
You have fallen in a cultural misunderstanding .	0	Nominative
Be a little more reasonable with your expectations of a place like this ; and maybe do n't jump to personal attacks suggesting that they do n't want to work hard , just because you bruised your own ego .	24	Nominative
The magician behind the counter was wise enough not to sell it to me , but instead sold me two books which I still own today - " Scarne on Card Tricks " and " Scarne on Magic Tricks " .	22	Nominative
Where else can you go for $ 10 and recieve this treatment ?!	3	Nominative
" Would n't it be the most horrible of ironies if the Jews had collected themselves conveniently in one country for a second Holocaust ? "	12	Nominative
We recently asked you to create an eSpeak " wish list " for us .	3	Nominative
i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex female and the silkie females would make ?	0	Nominative
I would like that ability in order to hedge some exposure I have of unexercised vested options .	11	Nominative
Ken said to go ahead and equip it with what you think it should have .	10	Nominative
I did the same thing that you did for christmas .	6	Nominative
Not once does he claim to be present at what happens .	3	Nominative
This , in turn , has discouraged international investment in Israel and has made it less likely that immigrants to the country will actually remain there .	14	Nominative
They hit the branches , they thresh the leaves with their sticks , and the fruit rains down .	0	Nominative
I am putting the credit worksheet on the fax machine to you as soon as I send this message .	15	Nominative
We could hear every single thing that happened outside like it was inside our room .	0	Nominative
You will be greeted by many members of this wonderful family .	0	Nominative
They have acquired Urchin , Zipdash , Applied Semantics , Picasa , Blogger , and satellite imaging company Keyhole , so why not Firefox ?	0	Nominative
I heard the name of Kurtz pronounced , then the words , ' take advantage of this unfortunate accident . '	0	Nominative
What do you guys think .	2	Nominative
Al - Qaeda wants them , Iran wants them , Russia wants the better ones , and all the US wants is to give them all a piece of coal .	8	Accusative
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines ( physical and financial ) for the London traders .	5	Nominative
He shooed the shocked Masons back into the dining room , promised Harry he would flay him to within an inch of his life when the Masons had left , and handed him a mop .	0	Nominative
The pizza is usually pretty good , the only bad one we got was on a Friday night and it just needed to be cooked a little more , but it was still good .	19	Nominative
They do n't just dump your ingredients on and cook either , but carefully separate meat to the hotter parts of the grill and still manage to keep the veggies from turning to mush .	0	Nominative
At parties she does not want to be considered in any way attached to you , which is consistent .	14	Accusative
Anyway , I 'm sure my Mom told you guys but Travis and Kathy got to meet him and I think it went well .	8	Accusative
I searched all over the internet , but I could not find one place in Tampa Bay that sells morcillas , also known as blood pudding , black pudding and blood sausages .	0	Nominative
i am going to my grandma s in north carolina and we are going camping in a cabin in west virginia .	11	Nominative
Sometimes I make them more pretty then they were actually .	7	Nominative
I was just a boy with muddy shoes .	0	Nominative
Not everyone can rise above it .	5	Nominative
i also think the National Endowment for the Arts is a waste , but i guess i would rather see my money go to the NEA than NASA .	16	Nominative
Needs to go to $ 41 and then I will be happy .	8	Nominative
The other stylists around me kept pressuring me saying he 's so wonderful , you 're going to love your hair .	4	Accusative
well i d just come straight out and tell them how you feel	9	Accusative
But we do not take the view that including a corresponding reference to this in a recital can produce that result .	1	Nominative
As such , we have a CPA , Larry Lewis , working with us to audit and set up transition files .	13	Accusative
the difference is that when a bomb goes off in a West End restaurant the fundamental right of England to exist is not in dispute .	4	Nominative
Our fence was installed quickly in August and they had their money and left saying " Workmanship is guaranteed for a year ! " .	8	Nominative
These three little ones do n't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice Dad , but I 'm sure they 'll find out soon .	9	Nominative
But for those of you tempted in that direction , please look up Carter 's Tabas operation .	4	Accusative
And they 'll probably add interest to what you 've already racked up .	8	Nominative
In addition , we will need the groups that have current needs to commit to taking one or more of these Analysts should they be extended an offer .	23	Nominative
We have been working with the State Affairs legislative committee and keeping them apprised .	12	Accusative
how can you get wifi anywhere 24 / 7 on your apple ipod 8 gb ?	2	Nominative
In the fuss to find somewhere to sit he saw the light of the fire under the spit running along the shiny planes of the woman 's face as it did on glasses and the movement of knives and forks .	8	Nominative
All aspects of the joke you tell , from the content to the length , need to be suited to your audience .	5	Nominative
I show that we also had 20.000 at LS HPL for the 13th .	0	Nominative
To unsubscribe ( or subscribe if this message was forwarded to you ) go to : http://www.bbc.co.uk/email	11	Accusative
I would appreciate reviews from anyone who has worked with me before in the mental health setting .	10	Accusative
Wait staff is always ready to help if you ca n't decide ( which happens every time for me d / t the huge menu of rolls ) and always courteous !	18	Accusative
he saw the consul 's wife , whom he had met briefly , disappearing upstairs with her head bent consolingly to a Siamese .	0	Nominative
where can I find the best tours to the Mekong Delta at reasonable prices ?	2	Nominative
Please help us to help her win this fight .	2	Accusative
Note that the No " Out " version requires us to pay the premium on Tuesday !	9	Accusative
The smell is simply too intense for rodents and they will not try to go near it .	16	Nominative
I suppose that it 's damn lucky for the GOP that she is populated with gullible idiots .	11	Nominative
If you are looking for towing services that can offer you a good towed car service , then Auto Towing is the company for you .	10	Accusative
I want to check with Mr. Lay before confirming .	0	Nominative
It was strange , he thought , how quickly time had passed in the Stillman apartment .	4	Nominative
Where and to whom do you want it faxed ?	5	Nominative
then i told her i felt i should be able to screw missy just once .	6	Nominative
I did n't end up buying my car here , but I did think the guy who worked with me was pretty cool - he was willing to budge a little on the price which means a lot to me .	11	Nominative
I 'm still here . Sort of .	0	Nominative
they have n't heard from you in a while .	5	Accusative
We have to leave him at the vet for 3 days and I was told to call for check ups as often as I wished that no matter how many times I called I would not annoy them .	12	Nominative
I shall send you a copy today .	3	Accusative
I just moved into the city , and I 'm wondering if there 's a place I can get good deals on restaurants here .	8	Nominative
I guess you get what you pay for .	0	Nominative
I enjoyed my time at Franklin High School .	0	Nominative
You 're not committed to the real world .	0	Nominative
You can then use your Skittles vodka to make brightly-colored cocktails or even serve it as a sugary shot !	0	Nominative
She seemed to know all about them and about me too .	9	Accusative
" So you 've talked to her about me . "	2	Nominative
You should have listened to Maw , as long as you keep your mouth shut and your pants zipped , you will be alright .	20	Nominative
My concept is that over time I would like to own one of all the following artists and they are all depending when I find something that we really like .	27	Nominative
Thank you .	1	Accusative
i 'm the king	0	Nominative
My point is that these are all just questions and I am undecided as to the answers .	10	Nominative
A friend and I recently took our 16 and 18 month olds here .	3	Nominative
My conclusion is that you should only go there if you want to wait a least an hour and see all kinds other people being seated before you .	4	Nominative
We are all Hasidim there .	0	Nominative
I have a 3 week old baby budgie and I noticed that his / her mother does not stay with him in the nest at night .	9	Nominative
Please let me know how you would like to proceed .	5	Nominative
How do they treat those not like themselves ?	2	Nominative
He could go to Paris , for example .	0	Nominative
I 'll be sure to come back .	0	Nominative
Just do n't take it for granted - you still need to be cautious this year .	4	Accusative
You 'd need their Apple ID and password , if you had that then yes you can track any iPhone .	0	Nominative
When you discussed it , i was trying to think back to our remedies and discussions but the 3 years have made it difficult .	5	Nominative
Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !	1	Nominative
As you can see it will take someone with some very good skills in organizing and interpersonal relationships .	1	Nominative
they may then chose to ask you to bring more evidence , or just look up the record and hand you the certificate .	6	Accusative
I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed .	2	Nominative
Richard - please let me know what we need to do next to file suit .	4	Accusative
With single servings like this , you can decide which flavor(s) you like best and proceed to making bottles , if you desire .	21	Nominative
Harry stood in the kitchen , clutching the mop for support as Uncle Vernon advanced on him , a demonic glint in his tiny eyes .	14	Nominative
On one occasion , it is implied he is an undercover agent whose target is Homer .	7	Nominative
i am not going unless lisa promises to get all wasted and boob out .	0	Nominative
If you 're playing quidditch you 're probably just having fun so play nicely .	1	Nominative
You can try picking up the eggs and holding it up against a very bright light .	0	Nominative
And she offered him the flowerpot .	1	Nominative
They said he had caused the fire in some way ; be that as it may , he was screeching most horribly .	0	Nominative
I 'm a 20 year old female travelling by myself so it could be anything .	9	Accusative
The private detective , he repeated softly .	4	Nominative
Yo mama `s so fat , she could sell shade .	6	Nominative
He had made it to the third or fourth paragraph when the man turned slowly toward him , gave him a vicious stare , and jerked the paper out of view .	19	Accusative
Mr Weasley took Harry 's glasses , gave them a tap of his wand and returned them , good as new .	16	Accusative
I was hoping to have found a regular place to eat .	0	Nominative
What inspired you to create a cocktail after the santorum neologism ?	2	Accusative
Drop by my house , I can get you some real cheap .	5	Nominative
I m really looking forward to Guild Wars .	0	Nominative
I shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me .	14	Accusative
" We are moving in the right direction : the Paris Agreement will slow climate change , as will the recent Kigali Amendment to reduce HFCs , " said Erik Solheim , head of UN Environment .	1	Nominative
I called them for an estimate and they INSULTED ME WHEN I ASK THEM QUESTIONS .	0	Nominative
He demonstrates an excellent " Judicial Temperament , " being courteous , mild - mannered , respectful of all people ; careful in his work , meticulous in detail .	0	Nominative
There was no mention of a detective agency , but that did not necessarily mean anything .	3	Nominative
We are much safer today on board ship due to SOLAS , and I suppose if any good came out of the Titanic tragedy , the adoption of SOLAS is probably it .	13	Nominative
Quinn had his doubts , but this was all he had to go on , his only bridge to the present .	8	Nominative
Sorry about that , I was working on the Teco O&M costs .	4	Nominative
Feel you 're surrounded by infinite peace and happiness , and feel that your own sense of existence is in direct contact with that endless peace and happiness all around you .	30	Accusative
They said it would be made exactly like the one I needed to replace .	0	Nominative
Let me know if we need to discuss anything .	1	Accusative
It was a Texas accent .	0	Nominative
I 'm assuming this was in reference to the January earthquake , do n't worry , it was very deep , so nothing was effected :)	0	Nominative
Here I am now driving confidently on my own .	1	Nominative
As it stands , MKM and I will probably bring it up with Sommer in OK City and strongly suggest the importance of coordinated communication to the producers .	10	Accusative
So before hand I kinda knew about him , but I never met him .	7	Accusative
Cinnamon basil really does smell like the sweet spice , and it also has unusually beautiful and fragrant flowers .	11	Nominative
If she is nicer when you are alone I 'd say it is because in public view she is making sure that people do not think that you might be her boyfriend .	17	Nominative
Also , remind me of Patterson 's email , so I can harass him directly .	3	Accusative
Then he leaned back on the sofa and looked Quinn in the eyes .	1	Nominative
It depends on if you ever registered the birth .	0	Nominative
Look around you and notice all the mind numbing trailor trash cretins out there who should not be procreating , yet they do .	21	Nominative
At an elevation of 1100 ft ( 335 m ) , it is situated in the biologically unique Sonoran Desert .	11	Nominative
It is trying to play ice hockey by sending a ballerina ice - skater into the ring or to knock out a heavyweight boxer by a chess player .	0	Nominative
I need suggestions for San Francisco restaurants with good food and good catering service .?	0	Nominative
okay .... I have a dog and my mother is really really terrified of hamsters .	2	Nominative
A rocky cliff appeared , mounds of turned-up earth by the shore , houses on a hill , others , with iron roofs , amongst a waste of excavations , or hanging to the declivity .	1	Nominative
They moved off with their plates of food , and Wentz said to a woman settled in one of the canvas chairs , Margot , here is Colonel Bray .	0	Nominative
if you had any pics of your hens i would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks ?	16	Accusative
Can you tell me the whole process of breeding them and taking care of the babies ?	1	Nominative
It results in a less clear definition and is , in our view , an unnecessary change .	1	Nominative
Even if you did melt it , I doubt you foresaw the issues of handling it and pouring it .	9	Nominative
when the door opens , he will get that the one room is hers , and he will be OK with that .	5	Nominative
I think they 'll send us another update once he 's out of emergency and into a room .?	9	Nominative
The amazing thing is that all of these crooks demand protection under international law , and define all those who attack them as " war criminals , " with some Western media repeating the allegations .	21	Accusative
They are invoicing for this and I do n't have an invoice for it .	13	Accusative
I highly recommend Bay View if you are looking for Accommodation in Camps Bay .	6	Nominative
I wrote to her saying we were going to try and rescue you from the Dursleys .	0	Nominative
Stillman could wander , he could stagger like a blindman from one spot to another , but this was a privilege denied to Quinn .	14	Nominative
If you hear a lot of awkward pauses or “ah”s or “um”s , your joke isn ’t ready and you need to practice more . [ 8 ]	19	Nominative
She looks at me and then at Renata , who is smiling , and finally submits uncomprehendingly .	3	Accusative
you do n't know what that means ?	0	Nominative
We were in Santa Fe for a special event and our hosts rented out the El Paradero for all their guests to stay at .	0	Nominative
" A few seconds later my girlfriend saw the shadow of a bear 's paw through the tent fly and then it started ripping through the ceiling . "	21	Nominative
The only thing I found edible were the potato wedges , I finally gave up , he kept trying - he found the fried wantons to be OK - His Mongolian bowl was awful .	3	Nominative
We hope you do !	0	Nominative
They are dependable , have great connections in the community , and are a great resource for finding a job .	0	Nominative
The receptionist of " Hand made " , the former film making company of George Harrison said : " we do n't have any relation with that man anymore and we do n't want to know anything about him " .	19	Nominative
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch .	22	Nominative
The next item is the joint debate on the following statement and oral question :	9	Nominative
I go to see her to have my hair cut .	4	Accusative
I think that a vibrant public domain is very important to a healthy world , and so I thought : here 's a way to help the cause .	0	Nominative
What is the best pos system I can buy in philadelphia pa ?	6	Nominative
I am trying to develop similar guidelines for the Southern Cone regions ( first Argentina ) and thought your expertise would be very helpful .	0	Nominative
I had to get a permit here , it was cool	0	Nominative
Last night , I adopted a 2 year old Male German Shepherd .	3	Nominative
They had a room with a $ 99 rate , which I booked .	11	Nominative
He loves to flirt with her when Cyprian 's not looking , but get her doing her marvellous wriggle on the floor and he just stands there like Andrew , dragging his feet .	6	Nominative
But because we do n't want to sound hateful we must pretend everyone 's a possible suspect and make airline travel more miserable than it 's ever been .	2	Nominative
Who are we ?	2	Nominative
3 TO 4 DAYS if you are lucky on average it takes about 6 days .	10	Nominative
I just want a simple way to get a good deal to whatever Restaurant I want , whenever I want .	18	Nominative
I found it on the street .	0	Nominative
He decided to light a cigarette .	3	Nominative
He is too great , too good , to lose .	0	Nominative
He was sent to France to have insignias made for members of the Society , a group of veterans of the war .	0	Nominative
If you buy too many boxes you can return the unused for a full refund .	1	Nominative
PS - we also have more cats coming in for re-homing see our ' Homes Wanted ' page	2	Nominative
I 'll see you there !	0	Nominative
They climbed two more flights until they reached a door with peeling paint and a small plaque on it , saying Ronald 's Room .	6	Nominative
Quinoa will continue cooking for a bit even after you take it off the heat .	9	Nominative
They want to go , they 're longing to , you can see they ca n't stand the sight of your face when you 're working together ... which makes things very pleasant , you can imagine ...	13	Nominative
How much more could you accomplish as an individual if you could learn any activity ?	4	Nominative
I had a conversation with the woman running this place in April 2010 .	0	Nominative
actually i have an project on it so please give me as much as you have information about migratory birds in punjab	14	Nominative
It 's a really huge place over there , and so many visitors / foreigners went to put chains and locks over there !	0	Nominative
He was an unshaven little man in a threadbare coat like a gaberdine , with his feet in slippers , and I thought him a harmless fool .	0	Nominative
In the light , Margot Wentz 's head was the figurehead of a ship above the hulk of her body :	18	Accusative
' A radical Shiite Muslim cleric has expressed solidarity with the militant Palestinian group Hamas and said that he should be considered the group 's " striking arm " in Iraq .	18	Nominative
can you please give me an update on where you are in the negotiations of the ISDA with the following counterparties and confirm which Enron entity you are negotiating on behalf of .	1	Nominative
Shared responsibilities , both at work and in the family mean a better quality of life for both men and women .	0	Nominative
You can group in intervals such as days , weeks , and quarters .	5	Nominative
The US Army Corps of Engineers says it could take a month to clear the flood waters , and the government 's disaster relief agency has urged evacuees not to try to get back to their homes .	7	Nominative
You review and approve it , keep it on your desk , and I will come over and make the change at your desk on Monday .	0	Nominative
It did not occur to him , however , to consult his watch .	5	Accusative
I would have interest in meeting if you can present unique investment opportunities that I do n't have access to now .	14	Nominative
You swallow on a dry throat .	0	Nominative
I do n't believe that we are quite at the point that we can say that all business controllers worldwide have reviewed , understand and have implemented these standards .	5	Nominative
3 ) After about day 2 , they will start to eating the millet spray from your hand .	7	Nominative
" People are still intrigued by how stars live , dress and socialize , since it is so different from most people 's every day lives . "	15	Nominative
Sometimes before the dusk wavered the wood away into the distance , he went out into the sunlight that collected like golden water in the dip of the meadows and shot a partridge .	12	Nominative
She handed me a shirt she bought at the stadium and she gave me a big hug .	2	Accusative
Let me know if this is your understanding , as well .	1	Accusative
Over the years I have performed in 32 countries and 40 states .	3	Nominative
The Jewish marriage living to the right of George 's house said that he is an arrogant person who does never return a greeting .	13	Nominative
" So far , it 's the Internet : 1 , Scientology : 0 . But it 's a long game . " - Matthew Ingram	16	Nominative
If yes , you do n't need to change it because you board later .	11	Nominative
No , because I really ca n't call and tell them I 'm yeah , so-and-so 's applying here for a position .	11	Nominative
And he strode away , head and shoulders taller than anyone else in the packed street .	5	Nominative
I was wondering if you could give me some references regarding the calculation of correlation coefficients from a GARCH model .	0	Nominative
I wanted to follow up with you regarding the creation and approval of ISDA Confirmations for the following equity trades that I understand Laurel had discussed with you previously .	27	Accusative
I love her and want to help her but I do n't know when I 'll be able to take her to to vet :( please help .	7	Accusative
The doctor swabs her upper arm with antiseptic and says , “ I ’m going to give you something to numb it , okay ? ”	12	Nominative
The history of alcoholism and possibly other drug use is a key issue because it not only speaks to Bush 's character as an addictive personality , but may tell us something about his erratic and alarming actions as president .	30	Accusative
I would like to discuss this with you on Friday am .	0	Nominative
Do I need a protein skimmer or any other equipment ?	1	Nominative
It was the favorite fruit of founder Steve Jobs .	0	Nominative
They climbed two more flights until they reached a door with peeling paint and a small plaque on it , saying Ronald 's Room .	0	Nominative
Two shabby-looking wizards were watching him from the shadow of a doorway , muttering to each other .	5	Accusative
He began to speak as soon as he saw me .	9	Accusative
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand , i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube .	11	Nominative
" Norman is one of my good buddies , so it totally sucked to see him in that emotional state . "	15	Accusative
As a yoga studio , I 'm sure you 're all aware that all actions generate karma …	8	Nominative
Do we have a sense for how many we can reach , how many we ca n't and where they are ?	14	Nominative
okay so i live in San Rafael Ca like by the mi pueble and the Home Depot .. what are fun things to do around there ?	2	Nominative
It 's really too advanced for a beginner , both in tooling and safety .	0	Nominative
It looks as if NASA is transitioning away from the shuttle model , as in the past they have proven to be quite dangerous as Columbia has recently proved .	0	Nominative
He was crossing the street and moving eastward .	0	Nominative
Even though I live pretty far from her office I still make the trip so my daughters will have the BEST !	2	Nominative
In addition , could you look over the list below to see if there are any additional employees in your group that spent time on ECP , so we can ensure we bill all of our used resources to ECP .	4	Nominative
I could n't help asking him once what he meant by coming there at all .	2	Nominative
i know you remember the bet .	2	Nominative
Arrogant people often subconsciously know that they do n't have any good friends .	6	Nominative
In fact you can ask questions about why it should ever have existed , but now why should it exist .	8	Nominative
" You 're ashamed of me , " he guessed , and Rachel kissed him and smiled and did n't say anything .	1	Nominative
They are by far the best salon in 50 miles , Trust me I know !!	12	Accusative
As they approached it , they saw to their surprise a large crowd jostling outside the doors , trying to get in .	5	Nominative
This may be of interest to you I have a free online dating service .	7	Nominative
He eats all of his grain but it just takes him a while to get it chewed because of the lack of muscle in his jaws .	7	Nominative
Moreover , I respected the fellow .	2	Nominative
He was Paul Auster now , and with each step he took he tried to fit more comfortably into the strictures of that transformation .	0	Nominative
I listen carefully , closely , more closely than I 've ever listened in my life , utterly attentive , but I often feel that I have dropped into a shoreless sea .	25	Nominative
So do n't be afraid to get something a little bigger than " perfect " just in case you hit a growth spurt .	18	Nominative
They said good night to each other in the bright slanting sun and the Bayley children were already out on the grass in their pyjamas , riding bicycles .	5	Nominative
It has also opened VW up to huge compensation claims , legal action and has seen it take more than € 16bn of provisions .	16	Accusative
But in a break from his past rhetoric about curtailing immigration , the GOP nominee proclaimed that as president he would allow “ tremendous numbers ” of legal immigrants based on a “ merit system . ”	19	Nominative
It had been eating dog food the whole time .	0	Nominative
They laughed at him again .	3	Accusative
After he already put product on my hair he said " I should warn you , I 'm expensive . "	14	Accusative
This was my chance , and it made me the more anxious to go .	8	Accusative
With single servings like this , you can decide which flavor(s) you like best and proceed to making bottles , if you desire .	11	Nominative
It ’s more analytical and clinical ?	0	Nominative
Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization ?	1	Nominative
The Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles ( not a drop of magical blood in their veins ) and as far as they were concerned , having a wizard in the family was a matter of deepest shame .	22	Nominative
Users without licenses will be able to view and print the components and the data in them , but they can not interact with or make changes to them .	28	Accusative
I have n't seen her for a couple of weeks and have only talked to her .	15	Accusative
I do n't hear from you in months and then you level me with such a thought provoking , soul searching article .	0	Nominative
He had followed the old man for two weeks .	0	Nominative
A slight clinking behind me made me turn my head .	4	Accusative
the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open - ended downside , loses $ 50 million , and then claims that it was not a valid contract .	34	Nominative
Security measures are strict on flights to Israel , the bags are searched , the men are frisked , and the women have an electronic hoop passed over them , fore-and-aft .	28	Accusative
We were very happy how clean looked our windows .	0	Nominative
This means that in addition to being well-formed , the documents conform to a defined schema .	14	Nominative
But let s hope for their sake ( and the sake of all space lovers out there ) that they can redefine their image and rekindle the hope of space colonization again .	2	Accusative
Since being a good friend to someone usually means helping them , they often ca n't stand the thought of a good friendship .	12	Nominative
i do nt want him to get dehydrated and also should i try to give him a little bit of food ?	4	Accusative
When I tried to return it they refused , so I had to leave without a refund and still hungry .	5	Nominative
When the guys arrived ( 2 hours later than agreed ) they told that you have to pay all the tolls they payed coming from Brooklyn and extra $ 100 for them to drive back from your destination .	31	Accusative
Whenever you are presented with something that you do n’t want to do or would consider putting off , ask yourself , “ will this take me less than two minutes to finish ? ”	20	Accusative
I 'll get back to you as soon as I have more info ( hopefully later today )	0	Nominative
They are not a national park , but are extremely beautiful .	0	Nominative
I read somewhere that you have to hold his mouth together , and keep it that way til he panics .	0	Nominative
I get that careless teenager kind of treatment from some of their staff ... perhaps they should hire more serious adults to help serve / cook .	0	Nominative
I 'm just –	0	Nominative
You can randomly select items from a row or column field and group them into higher-level groups .	12	Nominative
If you wonder why there is misery and curse in your house , it is because you own some L.P , CD or another article related to the CURSED BY GOD Beatles and Rolling Stones .	1	Nominative
She trusts me , she ’s more my dog than anyone ’s , and she did n’t like it but for me she lay there .	21	Accusative
ever since Harry had come home for the summer holidays , Uncle Vernon had been treating him like a bomb that might go off at any moment , because Harry Potter was n't a normal boy .	0	Nominative
EDIT : I love how she says it 's not callum but does n't deny it 's me .... i think we all know who she 's talking about ...	7	Nominative
Now when I was a little chap I had a passion for maps .	2	Nominative
By the way the Lichtenstein is up and hanging in our formal living room and it is magnificent .	15	Nominative
If I were , said I , I would n't be talking like this with you .	7	Nominative
I usually use ZebraKlub .	0	Nominative
For one brief instant Quinn thought , So this is what detective work is like . But other than that he thought nothing .	3	Nominative
I recently converted this test to an online test in order to norm it to a larger population and , subsequently , to make it available to any one who has access to a computer and the Internet .	13	Nominative
Then earlier this year these shirts started to come out that said , " Poet says We Know " .	16	Nominative
One day he remarked , without lifting his head , ' In the interior you will no doubt meet Mr. Kurtz . '	2	Nominative
" We staged this fair to explore the limits of freedom Westerners believe in , " Masoud Shojai , head of the country 's " Iran Cartoon " association and the fair organizer , said .	1	Nominative
I went with Emily and her Mom last night to see the musical " Rent " and it was wonderful .	17	Nominative
Then they simply insult their trophy friends when they are n't looking .	1	Nominative
The sitting was suspended at 11.25 a.m. until voting time at 11.30 a.m. .	1	Nominative
I do hold a HHa certificate in the state of NY but I looking to move to Delaware anyone know how I can get certified in delaware ?	21	Nominative
HBS will shadow Enron and a number of other companies over the next five years to assess how we react to market changes and to see how we morph during this time period .	27	Nominative
I was on my way to my wedding fearing death , basically . "	0	Nominative
However , I can say what features they would / could have .	7	Nominative
It would tell us why the call went to you , but not why they wanted to speak to me in the first place .	3	Accusative
Called to check if they had a product I 've been using on my dog for years ... the boy who answered the phone could n't possibly have been ruder to me .	4	Nominative
You can skip this step if you have purchased pre-rinsed quinoa in a box .	0	Nominative
By the time we got to the budget i told him I could work with , there was basically no design .	11	Nominative
Laura and I are Methodists .	2	Nominative
I hope your dad 's surgery goes well !	0	Nominative
I 'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually , I 'm sure I do n't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me .	16	Nominative
I called them back a few hours after putting my Bodhi down and they still would n't budge .	2	Accusative
3 . Is there any cheap way to give it a shine like I made it in a kiln ?	15	Accusative
This gave us the data that ants choose more medicine after they have been infected .	2	Accusative
As far as the call with Uncle Ben goes , if he was thrilled to hear from me I could n't tell by his voice .	18	Nominative
Against all his expectations , it was a book he himself had written – Suicide Squeeze by William Wilson , the first of the Max Work novels .	25	Nominative
Please only reviews on the three I mentioned earlier .	6	Nominative
He had served three terms of three years out there ... Because triumphant health in the general rout of constitutions is a kind of power in itself .	0	Nominative
This frightened me so that I did n’t dare turn .	5	Nominative
It sounds like your dog may benefit from being hospitalized , and put on IV fluids to help his hydration , administer the antibiotics IV , and to ensure that he starts to recover .	0	Nominative
I do wear a lot of black .	0	Nominative
it 's did you watch your girl on tv last night ?	3	Nominative
It is estimated to have some 5,000 armed fighters , and they have pursued attacks against Israeli forces to compel them to withdraw from the Shebaa Farms , a sliver of Syrian territory that Israel annexed after the 1967 war .	0	Nominative
Then , eschewing normal procedure , the Department of State waived the fees that they charge for evacuating U.S. citizen .	14	Nominative
Yeah they ruined some shirts I had too .	5	Nominative
I 'm free any day but Tuesday .	0	Nominative
I have never seen this car before until this lady at wal mart had it and she told me she got it here and that everyone was so nice to her .	30	Accusative
She was an anthropologist , and Bray accepted this as an explanation for her passion for arranging excursions , on which she carried her baby tied on her back , African style .	21	Nominative
yes do not hold any animal s mouth shut it wil close their air way , he s just a kitty and they are very rambunctious , get him toys .	16	Nominative
Quinn watched them all , anchored to his spot , as if his whole being had been exiled to his eyes .	3	Nominative
If you select controls of different types , Microsoft Access displays only the properties that are shared by the group in the property sheet .	9	Nominative
Within himself , however , it felt as though his stay had lasted three or four hours at most .	1	Accusative
Just let me know and I can send you a new attachment .	8	Accusative
he was one of those people who , late at night , suddenly have a desperate need of certain companions .	0	Nominative
We need to include all outstanding transactions .	0	Nominative
He could be killed years ago and the israelians have all the reasons , since he founded and he is the spiritual leader of Hamas , but they did n't .	0	Nominative
I have counted around 25 of them and they currently reside in a 20 gallon tank .	0	Nominative
It was amazing .	0	Nominative
When I first get on I take 1 leg and pull it back up to touch my butt with my heel and hold it there for 1 lap at a walk around a large dressage arena .	23	Accusative
I just want a simple way to get a good deal to whatever Restaurant I want , whenever I want .	14	Nominative
This command displays the Import dialog box so that you can select an XML document as well as a schema , which describes the structure of the data .	15	Nominative
Even when he robbed Dostoevski , he pitied him as one might " a little cherub-like child . "	8	Accusative
To get her to talk , although I was tired of lingua and I did n't really want to think about anything .	7	Nominative
The wife smiled her smile , said she was glad to meet Quinn as though she meant it , and then extended her hand to him .	22	Accusative
We were quiet after that .	0	Nominative
Yo mama `s so fat , she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth .	6	Nominative
‘’ President Musharraf promised to help us and cooperate with us on curbing terrorist activity by the Taliban , ’’ says Karzai .	6	Accusative
To promote one of the most trivial interests we have , thousands of animals are tormented for their whole lives . "	8	Nominative
Beware of the nail program you are not taught to use a nail drill AT ALL you learn the old fashioned way of doing nails you will not be able to do well in a salon !!!	5	Nominative
Midas has the most high tech equipment in town & I guarantee you if they told you it was electrical then in deed it s electrical !	17	Nominative
I love to play with that and I am always looking for muses that fit that bill because it is so interesting making a collection when I find one .	0	Nominative
We do n't want to have to give anyone permission to use our recordings , we want anyone to use them for whatever they want .	20	Accusative
i just love him to death .	0	Nominative
They were amazingly hospitable .	0	Nominative
It is too beautiful altogether , and if they were to set it up it would go to pieces before the first sunset .	8	Nominative
if you had any pics of your hens i would like to see them to compare them to mine thanks ?	8	Nominative
I 'll get you the announcement .	3	Accusative
It 's just disappointing .	0	Nominative
I want to make sure that I understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value would be booked .	0	Nominative
they have their own website which you can easily find using any search engine .	0	Nominative
It was a tournament that I wish we 'd actually gone back to more often .	7	Nominative
The Saudis are beginning to understand it , but they fight the inner circles , while still financing the infrastructure at the outer circle .	9	Nominative
If you 're looking for a good burger , some great fries ( they are too die for ! ) , and good drinks , go to Chickie & Pete 's !	1	Nominative
He wondered if Peter saw the same things as he did , or whether the world was a different place for him .	9	Nominative
I had sonic in many other palces but for some reason this sonic is always just covered in grease and not good ... :(	0	Nominative
I do n't suppose he 's going to turn up for the honour of standing in the crowd and waving a flag , eh ?	4	Nominative
I am going to find out how much line we currently have available ... you probably already have this .	9	Nominative
Do you not think some of them , not all , are getting too big for their boots .	9	Nominative
Ken said to go ahead and equip it with what you think it should have .	7	Accusative
The family 's lawyer advises me that Aafia did not have enough money to pay for airfare tickets for herself and the kids and called Ismat from the train station .	19	Accusative
I met him last week at the meeting of the Science and Industry Advance with Mathematics society at the University of Houston .	0	Nominative
I was basically hauled in and told that my mum had attacked the church and that I needed to disconnect from her because she was suppressive .	23	Nominative
Well I recently bought the Nook Color , and I have to say that I am very happy with it .	19	Accusative
In fact , he orchestrated the whole thing himself .	8	Accusative
I recommend to you , even though most of you do not understand Arabic , to watch Al Jazeera , from time to time .	3	Accusative
Does she have any interest in meeting one - on - one or is she just looking for a public hanging ?	14	Nominative
On the other hand though , if I 'm a client he should really of called back by now because you do n't leave a customer hanging .	20	Nominative
They had a great selection of colors to choose from and their seats are super comfty .	0	Nominative
Nowhere did we stop long enough to get a particularized impression , but the general sense of vague and oppressive wonder grew upon me .	2	Nominative
It can also make him or her question your motives , leading the person to believe that you may be trying to get something out of him or her .	0	Nominative
He was the only man of us who still followed the sea .	6	Accusative
Richard , below is a list of oc invoices sent to you for approval on 5/30/00 .	11	Accusative
Or else I will not tell you .	2	Nominative
I go to see her to have my hair cut .	0	Nominative
It is no exaggeration to say that HBO ’s Game of Thrones is more than just a television series or a successful brand :	0	Nominative
It is possible to establish the phase of the moon on a particular day two thousand years ago but not whether it was obscured by clouds or haze .	21	Nominative
Otherwise we will find ourselves forced to take more serious decisions as regards our trading relations with Israel .	1	Nominative
Now my car s gears and brakes have never run so well ... ever it s like driving a new car .	14	Nominative
Will they treat and announce the competitions as they do all others — for better and worse ?	1	Nominative
He told me " no problem , we will match the offer or do better . "	7	Nominative
BTW you do nt want your leg locked in place , it will move WITH the horse a bit .	11	Nominative
A bus that runs through UofH arrived and I almost got on without her , but I could n't do it .	16	Nominative
and we do n't know them except for eating there .	5	Accusative
An old woman with crinkly grey hair woke up at her post outside the lavatory and opened the door , smiling and grasping a filthy cleaning rag .	25	Nominative
I found nothing else to do but to offer him one of my good Swede 's ship 's biscuits I had in my pocket .	0	Nominative
And , everyone , all of our friends and all of our acquaintances would say , " Hey , you 'd get along with him really well . "	19	Nominative
I 've had a few great shots ruined myself because there was something in the background I did n't notice at first .	0	Nominative
They spent a lot of time with me and got me into a great pair of shoes .	10	Accusative
It smelled like March .	0	Nominative
It was good having the girls down .	0	Nominative
I do n't know if there is anything I can do but I 'm always willing to help .	0	Nominative
I did n't realize how much " stuff " you could pack into a one bedroom apartment .	0	Nominative
The problem is that the vast silent majority of these Moslems are not part of the terror and the incitement , but they also do not stand up against it .	29	Accusative
I have two cats , and at first they hissed at each other because cats are very territorial , but now they do fight and play .	0	Nominative
Even that locution , ' his appointment ' , seemed odd to him .	12	Accusative
He took me to his good bosom .	0	Nominative
Surgery visit timings were always made to suit me and not them and they gave me the feeling that I mattered and was important to them .	15	Accusative
can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep. ireland and put a irish pay , go dongle in it ?	10	Nominative
I have a 3 week old baby budgie and I noticed that his / her mother does not stay with him in the nest at night .	20	Accusative
She was offered several scripts , television commercials , and stage projects , but none piqued her interest .	0	Nominative
ANSI-89 describes the traditional Jet SQL syntax .	4	Nominative
You review and approve it , keep it on your desk , and I will come over and make the change at your desk on Monday .	13	Nominative
I think it 's a combination of the beauty , of the imagination , of the freedom .	2	Nominative
where can I get morcillas in tampa bay , I will like the argentinian type , but I will to try anothers please ?	2	Nominative
Arrogant people counteract this by creating an atmosphere that revolves around them , and get angry if they 're reminded of the real world .	11	Accusative
The few times I have consulted with a travel agent I was able to find the same for less on my own , and more options than what they were selling .	28	Nominative
I flung out of his hut ( he lived all alone in a clay hut with a sort of veranda ) muttering to myself my opinion of him .	27	Accusative
Rebecca Edwards had just told Neil Bayley that Felix Pasilis , the Pettigrews ' Greek friend , was furious with her because she 'd forgotten some essential herb that he wanted for his sheep ...	20	Accusative
Let me know if you have any questions .	4	Nominative
It s fab !	0	Nominative
I CAN NOT afford to treat whatever is wrong with him .	0	Nominative
that is how i want you to refer to me as " the king "	5	Nominative
The most important thing is that you are comfortable , and that you 're not wearing baggy or loose fitting clothing so you can make sure you 're forming and moving correctly in the mirror .	12	Nominative
Questar has already informed us that they would help obtain parts / materials to our specifications if it helps achieve an in - service date of May 1 .	4	Accusative
Pewter is perfect for what you are doing , and it melts on a stove top .	10	Nominative
I will not eat halal meat , so guess what , I opted for foods which were n't a meat dish , there were plenty of other options .	0	Nominative
Because I do n't feel like spending over $ 20 on a freakin DVD	1	Nominative
I think that providing people with a practical education is one of the most empowering things you can offer a person .	16	Nominative
It arrests us .	0	Nominative
Our company is a high end designer handbag and fashion accessories company , thus we are certainly a niche market .	14	Nominative
Russia also announced that it was seeking and building the best nukes the world ’s ever seen .	4	Nominative
I have not had the patience to get it working - I will call you some evening and we can walk thru it .	8	Accusative
It was like walking into a furnace : nearly everything in Ron 's room seemed to be a violent shade of orange : the bedspread , the walls , even the ceiling .	21	Nominative
In the scented , mothy evening she felt the presence of the house like someone standing behind her .	17	Accusative
They already are altering their patterns of behavior in response to what is happening .	0	Nominative
He has been having diarheya everywhere and he began to vomit last night .	7	Nominative
I did n't argue with him but I asked him what he believed would be a viable solution to this mess .	7	Nominative
It pretty much covers dating stuff .	0	Nominative
What she ’s saying and what she ’s doing , it — actually , it ’s unbelievable .	10	Nominative
Neither was this day less fortunate to his father Philip ; for on the same day he took Potidea ; >> - JOHN AUBREY , F.R.S.	16	Nominative
It s a Reel and i have danced to it before ..	9	Accusative
I had no difficulty in finding the Company 's offices .	0	Nominative
Intrepid is good at getting you away from the most touristy spots and showing you something a little different .	14	Accusative
When their precious cartoons are released I highly doubt it will look like the end of the world .	9	Nominative
i must have had you messed up with some other girl i made the bet with .	0	Nominative
Not many of those she looked at ever saw her again – not half , by a long way .	13	Nominative
Try Varkala , it s a ammazing and is by the beach .	3	Nominative
At last he called the operator and asked whether the phone was out of order .	1	Nominative
He thanked him , listening to the two men at once and hearing neither , and followed the firm rump in white shorts past barriers and through the reception hall .	0	Nominative
I agree with Steve 's position stated in his separate e'mail .	0	Nominative
If you have any questions please do not hesitate to give me a call .	1	Nominative
I met you at the Risk conference last week in Houston .	2	Accusative
In addition , repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .	15	Nominative
In any event , my presentation should give you a starting point .	8	Accusative
Then , suddenly , with great clarity and precision , he saw Bartleby 's window and the blank brick wall before him .	21	Accusative
In retrospect , I think we probably should have selected the CC BY-SA license instead of CC-BY-SA-NC .	5	Nominative
If you look at the rooms , there 's all the accouterments you 'd find in these types of places --	1	Nominative
I feel like they did n't tell me the pitfalls before I pulled out this tile and now that I have no other options they want 5 TIMES the price ?	3	Nominative
Dobby might have saved Harry from horrible happenings at Hogwarts , but the way things were going , he 'd probably starve to death anyway .	18	Nominative
Have you had any knowledgement about pearl pigment .?	1	Nominative
The first time I used them they arrived on time and towed car for me to the destination I needed .	3	Nominative
Money ca n't buy you happiness ... but it does bring you a more pleasant form of misery .	8	Nominative
I 'd go back if I could get the last minute rate again of $ 99 , but I would n't pay their rack rate .	5	Nominative
I 'm talking soaking all the litter box and then some .	0	Nominative
I ca nt speak for them but any tests or appointments they recommend are probably in the best interests of us ( the patient ) and you have the ability to decline anything that they suggest to you .	20	Accusative
We promised him a liberal education when we left South Africa , you see .	7	Nominative
I needed a part for my appliance , the cost was very high so I said never mind , paid the fee and called a local business for a second quote .	0	Nominative
I find in Elie Kedourie 's Arabic Political Memoirs facts unknown to most about American diplomacy in the late forties .	6	Nominative
IF you have NOT begun the Application process's NOW < you are about 2 to 3 years away from being approved by Immigration Canada .	1	Nominative
Also , let me know of any other ideas about replacement property .	3	Accusative
If it becomes apparent that you cannot open either of your two parachutes , or that for some other reason they are fatally non-functional , then the following steps may be of some minor assistance .	20	Nominative
Their sense of humour and calmness when dealing with the little ones amazes me every time I walk in .	16	Nominative
I felt very annoyed .	3	Nominative
I do hope to see you visiting us at the fire and we shall prepare a feast for you , as well .	12	Nominative
I could not understand any his reasons .	0	Nominative
John Key is too busy looking after his rich mates , while the rest of us pay .	15	Accusative
In a few words ... I 'm pleasantly surprised that you can still find " old school " service out there where company care more about good name and customers than their pockets ...	10	Nominative
She said , There 're bulbs like you see in films round the star 's dressing-table , and they light up and spell INDEPENDENCE HURRAH .	18	Nominative
They own blogger , of course .	0	Nominative
You may need to play it cool and curb your spending .	0	Nominative
Brazil we have current data already	1	Nominative
He listened to the bush and had the old feeling , in the bush , of being listened for .	0	Nominative
she did nt even let me finish a sentence without insulting me and telling me how i should have said it !	0	Nominative
When a user connects to the SQL Server database through a Microsoft Access project , the connection is enabled through a Windows NT user account .	0	Nominative
i 'll be coming back for years to come !	0	Nominative
Two of them were being run by 2 officials of the Ministry of the Interior !	2	Accusative
That did it for me .. no more Raina 's .	2	Accusative
In 1997 , he married María Elena Fernandez-Miranda , a lawyer and diplomatic attache .	3	Nominative
Although I 'll have to drive a little out of my way to go there , I 'll gladly do it knowing that since she 's been astounding to me once before that she 'll always be that way !	20	Accusative
In the scented , mothy evening she felt the presence of the house like someone standing behind her .	6	Nominative
Well one of the first things he did was to back down on the promise of not expanding NATO to the east .	6	Nominative
We got to talking and he got me set up and I test drove with Craig and I fell head over heels for this car all I kept saying , " was I got ta have it ! "	7	Accusative
A damned sight better than some of our fellows .	5	Nominative
Stan may also bring the letter up orally next time he 's on the phonne with Gibson or Kyle as an example of how not to handle this situation .	10	Nominative
I just give them guide and they can find anything they need .	10	Nominative
If they have been saying bad things about you , they may simply not like you .	8	Nominative
Overall , it is very family oriented , and I recommend it to everyone !!!	11	Accusative
I am definitely going back	0	Nominative
It represents a person who is repulsive in appearance and action and is barely human .	0	Nominative
When darkness came , Stillman would eat dinner at the Apollo Coffee Shop on 97th Street and Broadway and then return to his hotel for the night .	0	Nominative
He studied art at the Royal Academy in the Louvre , as well as with his father at the Royal Academy of Painting and Sculpture .	0	Nominative
As they approached it , they saw to their surprise a large crowd jostling outside the doors , trying to get in .	1	Nominative
Ironically he almost burst out laughing and it was all he could do to keep his mirth down to a barely controlled smirk .	7	Nominative
Then he began again , assuring me Mr. Kurtz was the best agent he had , an exceptional man , of the greatest importance to the Company ; therefore I could understand his anxiety .	7	Nominative
The post id I am looking at for Calgary is 11608 .	3	Nominative
I guess they figured me for an easy mark , and tried to explain that my car would n't pass unless I replaced a hose .	2	Nominative
' Ah ! So they talk of him down there , he murmured to himself .	4	Nominative
We feed the chickens scraps of veggies and fruits throughout the day , but it 's nothing that a rabbit would n't be able to digest just fine .	0	Nominative
All you can do is take each section ( individual video ) and edit them together on software .	1	Nominative
We all know by now that Bush did not even do his full service with the Texas Air National Guard , absenting himself to work on the Alabama senate campaign of Winton " Red " Blount .	22	Accusative
" What was wanted was an elite to underpin the rulers , themselves in turn supported and buttressed by a population which presumably understood , approved , and legitimated the aims of such an elite .	34	Nominative
All the guys at work are saying I should n't bother having it fixed I should just buy a new one .	12	Accusative
So anyone looking for an Excellent night out for Chinese or maybe just lunch should stop in and try it because I promise you 2 things --- You wo n't regret it !!	27	Nominative
“ I had it done when I was little and see , you ca n’t even tell . ”	12	Nominative
I recommend you to everyone in Calgary , as she is a professional and the cost for her was low .	0	Nominative
As most of them have few technical skills , and the Andamans have little demand for them in any case , they turn to smuggling and other unlawful activities .	3	Accusative
and I was going to take charge of a two-penny-halfpenny river-steamboat with a penny whistle attached !	1	Nominative
And they seem to be posted at fairly regular intervals ?	1	Nominative
All he had to do for a complete victory was allow the military to go into Laos and Cambodia and finish off the shattered Communist forces .	1	Nominative
We plan to use the same basic form for the Enron guaranty that will be made in favor of EPMI with respect to the seller 's obligations under the PPA .	0	Nominative
As far as Quinn could tell , the objects Stillman collected were valueless .	8	Nominative
Not once did I feel listened to like they actually cared about what I wanted , all they were interested in was me signing a contract right then and there .	17	Nominative
It led me to believe that the reviewers simply had difficulty tolerating people with strongly - accented English .	0	Nominative
I have been going to Nick for 5 months now precisely because he does pay attention to detail .	0	Nominative
How Would You Like To Know How YOU Can Live In A Beautiful NEW House That Is Custom - Designed To YOUR Specifications ......... And At NO COST To You ?	7	Nominative
You have to have two because they do n't do well alone .	0	Nominative
We took our 7 month old and she laughed and giggled when ( very harshly I might add ) grabbing and ' kissed ' the goats and lambs .	7	Nominative
It is right on the hustle and bustle of Wisconsin Ave but some might miss it as it is nestled in between Subway Sandwiches and Modell 's .	0	Nominative
They 're pathetic , man ;	0	Nominative
You can increase or decrease the space between controls , or you can specify that controls are evenly spaced .	4	Nominative
some parents would not eat there fish till a certain age jack dempsey for example would not eat there offspring till they mature but i would move the baby fish into a smaller tank and feed them flakes	21	Nominative
they may then chose to ask you to bring more evidence , or just look up the record and hand you the certificate .	0	Nominative
" Are you here for stories ? " I asked .	2	Nominative
This is a nice place , and I know we will return to meet my sister - in - law from Chicago !!	9	Nominative
I have lots of containers in there .	0	Nominative
I 'll believe it when I see it .	7	Accusative
Jane , on deal 763736 for May 01 sales to Southwest Gas , we have a pricing discrepancy .	13	Nominative
I know that we address audit rights in the LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already have .	22	Nominative
I survived it without a problem .	0	Nominative
I wanted to watch it with them , but they decided they ’d rather watch it without me in the end .	9	Nominative
Can you give me the Sitara deal # ?	3	Accusative
It was now , 8:15 and there was no sign of her bus .	0	Nominative
I would recommend him to anyone .	0	Nominative
He was in the process of making me a pie and when I got home , the pie was the worst I have ever seen .	0	Nominative
Do n't pack one box full of books or paperwork - you might not be able to carry it at all .	11	Nominative
I have done a fair amount of metal casting , but never tried to build my own furnace , but I think your version is just too small and does n't get hot enough .	20	Nominative
She trusts me , she ’s more my dog than anyone ’s , and she did n’t like it but for me she lay there .	0	Nominative
This is not a rip - off , it is decent ; it 's legal ; and it is virtually no risk - it really works !!	17	Nominative
Let me know if this is the appropriate steps that you would like to see .	10	Nominative
It 's fine - just make sure that the room the cage is in is kept warm .	0	Nominative
Magazines constantly change their policy on it ; they want it , they do n't want it ...	6	Accusative
I did n't fought is it good or not than .	5	Nominative
But I ca n't give him too many shocks at once , and I say , " She has not had a Jewish upbringing . "	5	Accusative
He stood up and said , I was about to make some lunch for myself .	14	Accusative
But I can see that the Archbishop gives him bad marks for lighting up after the main course .	8	Accusative
My cat s Called Frank because the year we got him was the year Frank Sinatra died	10	Accusative
At the height of the development of his biological weapons program , his brother was extradited pursuant to a death sentence in the " Albanian returnees " case ( now he faces retrial ) .	30	Nominative
A few days ago he was in that house , packing to leave in the flat progression of practical matters by which decision is broken up into reality .	3	Nominative
other than that i do n't know .	3	Nominative
But my wife and I first went there thinking it would be Brazilian food ( think lots of meat ) , but it turned out to be a vegan restaurant !	4	Nominative
I personally provided the request on four separate occasions and they claim there is a glitch in their systems ?	10	Nominative
i doing a research paper on donatello and i notice that there are two statues of David , a bronze one and marble one .	0	Nominative
Dando pulled ticks off the dog 's neck and burst them under his shoe while he drank and dealt out judgements .	15	Nominative
I love it .	0	Nominative
I 'm willing to give it a shot .	0	Nominative
My waiter was so excellent I gave him a 75 % tip , and it was worht every penny ..	5	Nominative
not sure , but i assume that the bluegrass songbook is mine .	4	Nominative
Earlier , Kerry said , “ Just because you get an honorable discharge does not , in fact , answer that question . ”	8	Nominative
" But everything went wrong with us .	6	Accusative
I have attempted to revise them to make them clearer .	8	Accusative
So , as I was leaving I asked for the designer / dress name or style number associated with my top picks .	6	Nominative
We are told we must balance interests but , quite frankly , all interests are not equal .	3	Nominative
When Dando 's opinion of someone was really low he did not seem to hear his name .	0	Nominative
We signed our name in about 6:00 pm .	0	Nominative
You can filter on more than one field at a time to further narrow the focus .	2	Nominative
Neither of them had written to him all summer , even though Ron had said he was going to ask Harry to come and stay .	15	Nominative
I had hear great things about Phet and G&G Automotive so I decided to give him a try .	15	Accusative
The name Malfoy still commands a certain respect , yet the Ministry grows ever more meddlesome .	4	Nominative
It boggles the mind that ANYONE can take at face value Bush 's claims to be a christian , yet many seem to do just that .	0	Nominative
She still has some sort of scholarship but I am not for sure how much it pays .	15	Nominative
I wish I could make it .	2	Nominative
Yes ; but it is like a running blaze on a plain , like a flash of lightning in the clouds .	11	Nominative
I ended up going to the Centre for Social Evolution at the University of Copenhagen where I did a project on learning in Ants under supervision of Prof. Patrizia d'Ettorre .	16	Nominative
Till I felt somebody touch me on the back .	1	Nominative
I hope that this would mean that you would remain involved at some level .	7	Nominative
So I think the first question is , what is this all about , why should we even be debating NATO , is there any reason why it should exist ?	27	Nominative
love TO HAVE YOU ALONG FOR THE COMPANY , BUT IT IS NOT NECESSARY .	10	Nominative
We looked at the venerable stream not in the vivid flush of a short day that comes and departs for ever , but in the august light of abiding memories .	25	Nominative
Rather surprised , I said Yes , when he produced a thing like calipers and got the dimensions back and front and every way , taking notes carefully .	3	Nominative
I was in two weeks ago and had the worst pedicure that I have had in my life .	0	Nominative
And as I looked at the map of it in a shop-window , it fascinated me as a snake would a bird – a silly little bird .	2	Nominative
So you can pretty much get whatever deal you want anytime .	8	Nominative
They have been accumulating for years , and basically give the president to sieze the government whenever he feels like it .	0	Nominative
A coalition forces spokesman confirmed they had not received " any weapons from Bosnia " and added they were " not aware of any purchases for Iraq from Bosnia " .	5	Nominative
It was formed to allow many different guilds who were all strictly honorable to come together as a family and allow them many people to game with .	0	Nominative
did you hook up with that blonde chick saturday night ?	1	Nominative
He was of middle size and of ordinary build .	0	Nominative
It is a time to learn what happened and how it may affect the future .	10	Nominative
There are no clearly defined rules governing the sharing of responsibility .	4	Nominative
I 'd forgotten how blown away I was by some of the songs the first time I saw it in NY .	16	Nominative
In Agra I 've stayed in a place fellow travellers recommended , they found it in the Rough Guide .	14	Accusative
Well , I 've got news for you , boy . I 'm locking you up you 're never going back to that school . never . and if you try and magic yourself out – they 'll expel you !	33	Accusative
We are doing quite well .	0	Nominative
Then he dialed once again .	1	Nominative
However , I seriously doubt that the introduction of free market principles , which the report so enthusiastically recommends , is the right solution .	2	Nominative
She did n't sleep , I do n't think .	5	Nominative
... Nope and I am proud of it ... because my teacher have nt taught us that yet ...	7	Accusative
Quinn asked him about the essay .	2	Accusative
We just happen to stumble across this little restaurant one day when we had to visit the Bexar County Tax Office off of Bandera Road .	0	Nominative
He looked around , saw Harry , and jumped .	0	Nominative
No matter when you buy you will get a newer version .	5	Nominative
When I was quite young I was interested in psychoanalysis and in dreams .	1	Nominative
They can do tricks and they are nt messy .	5	Nominative
I bought a beginner s quilling set and like making the filigree forms you can make and add to other crafts .	13	Nominative
A strategy that might prove helpful is to consider how fortunate you are that life has been good to you so far .	19	Nominative
I found out they did not even drive the car , stated they looked at it before .	0	Nominative
I still have them and they are doing well .	5	Nominative
I loaded ferry boats in Jersey City across the river to deliver goods to Ground Zero .	0	Nominative
It was the evening when Bray , Neil , Evelyn Odara , one of the South African refugees , the Pettigrews , and a few others set off for the Sputnik Bar .	25	Nominative
By Friday December 1st , could you please tell me the percentages / amount of time you spent on East Coast Power during the months of October and November .	9	Accusative
Thought you 'd like to know that the Dixie Chicks are coming back to Houston Dec. 12 and will performing just down the street from you at the Compaq Center ... it 's all about you and your needs .	35	Nominative
You will also often see Thais doing a wai as they walk past temples and spirit houses .	0	Nominative
Mr President , I should like to start by offering my sincere thanks to Mr Martin .	3	Nominative
But that 's between the two of them .	7	Accusative
He 'd almost be glad of a sight of his arch-enemy , Draco Malfoy , just to be sure it had n't all been a dream .	22	Nominative
I 'm not sure we have much to tell them at this stage - actually , I 'm sure I do n't have anything new to report but if you do that would be fine with me .	29	Nominative
These numbers are slightly different from the ones you put together a few weeks ago .	8	Nominative
They trust you and me to be befuddled by their actions , while they " do as they wilt " .	0	Nominative
I think she likes her special room in your house .	2	Nominative
For he was obliged now to concentrate on what he was doing , even if it was next to nothing .	9	Nominative
We 'll show them how good we all are and well-meaning and generous and open-minded and evenhanded .	0	Nominative
She guided me through a very difficult period dealing with a family member 's suicide , coupled with elder abuse .	2	Accusative
Before you buy ANYTHING in NY , make sure you stop by Jack -s first .	9	Nominative
Telling good jokes is an art that comes naturally to some people , but for others it takes practice and hard work .	16	Nominative
I do n't know .	0	Nominative
She was also never forced to perform labour in the engine room .	0	Nominative
In the photo on the couch , the pillow she is resting on clashes with everything else in the shot .	9	Nominative
They had been drinking at a pub called the Midnight - the centre of the heavy metal scene in Milan - and they never came home .	0	Nominative
He earned 137 points in 1970 - 1971 .	0	Nominative
She then blows herself up , killing 20 people , including many children , with heads and arms rolling around in the restaurant .	3	Accusative
No matter what progress we make as individuals in becoming healthier , we will never achieve real health until we collectively decide to create a healthier reality .	4	Nominative
You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment , but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you .	0	Nominative
But I also see that as a fatal misconception , which is doing Sunnis harm , because I do n't believe the US is going anywhere so soon .	17	Nominative
She starred in the 2012 film The Five - Year Engagement , directed by Nicholas Stoller and co-starring Jason Segel .	0	Nominative
I suppose we said many times we 'd come back when they got their independence .	0	Nominative
" What do I need English for ?	3	Nominative
When you have invasive surgery you could also get infections , accidental nicks and cuts that cause other problems too !	5	Nominative
In addition , repelling and removing rodents from your home can be a hassle if you do n't know what you are doing .	20	Nominative
They said he had caused the fire in some way ; be that as it may , he was screeching most horribly .	2	Nominative
A taint of imbecile rapacity blew through it all , like a whiff from some corpse .	8	Nominative
3 ) If he shows no interest in water , then take him back to your vet .	3	Nominative
When someone comes in , say , " I 've got this , " before you push all of the buttons .	8	Nominative
Fresleven – that was the fellow 's name , a Dane – thought himself wronged somehow in the bargain , so he went ashore and started to hammer the chief of the village with a stick .	21	Nominative
Nearly every day , rain or shine , hot or cold , he would leave his apartment to walk through the city – never really going anywhere , but simply going wherever his legs happened to take him .	12	Nominative
Properly-fitted ballet shoes should be snug , but not so tight they cut off blood flow and create numbness in the feet .	11	Nominative
The current Windows NT user must be an Administrator for the computer .	2	Nominative
He has also had to pay the £ 15 each up front so woul d be grateful if you could get the cash to him as soon as poss ible .	0	Nominative
It all came to a panting standstill morning and evening without fail .	1	Nominative
The thing about The Script is they do not sound that Irish , I was surprised to hear they were from Dublin .	13	Nominative
Jealousy of your achievements or seeming lifestyle can cause another person to feel smug or arrogant about something they think they do better than you or own / have that you do n't .	24	Nominative
Try to go in there with the right frame of mind and enjoy them for what they are .	16	Nominative
I just need to talk to an another american who has gone to the UK before so that I know what expect when arriving at the airport and with going through visa process and everything .	0	Nominative
We love everything about the fence .	0	Nominative
is it for guitar ?	1	Nominative
It is very clean , staff is friendly , and I have never waited !	0	Nominative
You might have to make your own nightlife by finding an izakaya ( pub ) somewhere .	0	Nominative
or is he Not your type ?	2	Nominative
YOU REALLY DO NOT HAVE TO GO .	0	Nominative
With regard to our annual review of this list of laws we need to comply with , do we not want to add the Canadian provinces new " eligible swap participant " equivalant rules ?	18	Nominative
I personally trust this Midas store with all my vehicles , I have been going there for years & would never go anywhere else !	11	Nominative
I expect that many of the displaced people ( those affluent and those not ) will remain in the places they were evacuated to .	20	Nominative
I do n't think it will be hard to keep his weight up so long as he can eat the grain .	0	Nominative
They have not all been met , but a great many have .	0	Nominative
Does it make sense for us to set up a meeting with you participating from Buenos Aires ?	12	Nominative
Just yesterday we switched over to a new site which has a demo of the VM ( virtual microscope ) I invite you to check it out .	20	Nominative
He could detect the effects of the election around him , in the bursts of conflict and the curious intersection of new ideas with old ones .	0	Nominative
I was asked by the officers , in their inimitably dumb way , whether I knew the writer Günter de Bruyn and whether we are intellectual relatives .	14	Nominative
So they are 3 times larger than us and they have all the oil in the world .	1	Nominative
they use them to look prickly .. would you try to eat a cactus [ if u had no knife ] i know i would nt .	0	Nominative
The Sunni AMS told Iraqis , " You sinned when you participated with occupation forces in the assault on Najaf , and beware lest you repeat this same sin in Fallujah .	24	Nominative
The staff was very helpful and gave me exactly what I needed for my first time ballerina .	10	Nominative
Two or three times I consider whether to mention to him a letter I sent Le Monde during the 1973 war about the position being taken by France .	13	Nominative
then i told her i felt i should be able to screw missy just once .	1	Nominative
You made a choice to be a mommy , you do nt get a break until they move out , that s the choice that you madea and that 's life .	9	Nominative
We always took ours to dinner and discussed what things we felt we ' had ' to do and which ones we felt like skipping in lieu of just chilling .	21	Nominative
Well , Clinton came into office what did he do ?	8	Nominative
let me know if you have any interest in the Tco - Pool Leach swap for the winter .	4	Nominative
I do hope to see you visiting us at the fire and we shall prepare a feast for you , as well .	0	Nominative
We could certainly slow the aging process down if it had to work its way through Congress .	0	Nominative
Going back after graduating you r told you get a discount on services nope you do nt .	7	Nominative
Fortunately no one saw this except Harry , because just then Ron 's elder brother Percy walked in .	1	Nominative
I revised the language based on our discussions and added the language concerning interest which we had both previously approved .	15	Nominative
They also have the best tea I ever had , not at all like the junk you get at the grocery stores , I stock up when ever there because they are closed in the winter .	30	Nominative
that is how i want you to refer to me as " the king "	3	Nominative
I called them back a few hours after putting my Bodhi down and they still would n't budge .	13	Nominative
It was completed rather late in the war ; although a number of B-29s were equipped with Eagle and it worked well , it came too late to make much difference .	23	Nominative
By comparing my observations to what my colleagues and predecessors had found , I figured out what group it belongs to , and was able to determine that within that group , it was a new species .	13	Nominative
The doctor begs them to stop intermarrying but they say they have to keep the blood pure .	3	Accusative
He walked a hundred yards or so up the road , and , meeting a man on a bicycle , greeted him in the language that had come back to him as he lay in the room .	32	Nominative
It was the best Chinese food I have ever had .	6	Nominative
I 've been to quite a few tattoo shops around this area and Stainless Steel is by far the best .	0	Nominative
make it fifteen the next day , then twenty , and so on .	1	Accusative
No , it 's really not , so it 's really important to be able to get as a many international trips throughout the year to continue our improvement .	8	Nominative
Cheap Hotel Rome - thanks for finding us a hotel at the last minute .	7	Accusative
Just because you 're stuck , does nt give you the right to drag down all the singles around you .	2	Nominative
In addition , could you look over the list below to see if there are any additional employees in your group that spent time on ECP , so we can ensure we bill all of our used resources to ECP .	28	Nominative
If we choose to do something on J-Lo , it ’s going to be something like that , something less obvious .	9	Nominative
And were the Columbine killers acting out this " real morality " when they indescriminately murdered their classmates .	13	Nominative
He crossed the lawn , slumped down on the garden bench , and sang under his breath : " Happy birthday to me . happy birthday to me "	0	Nominative
If you consider that you still need the assistance of other visualizations to help the mind feel the spirit of transcendence , try the following before moving onto the more formal method below .	4	Nominative
I 've been looking at the bose sound dock 10 i ve currently got a jvc mini hifi system , i was wondering what would be a good set of speakers .	0	Nominative
It was obviously out of excitement at this great event that I forgot to sign the register .	11	Nominative
We must feed you up while we 've got the chance . I do n't like the sound of that school food	12	Nominative
We took our 7 month old and she laughed and giggled when ( very harshly I might add ) grabbing and ' kissed ' the goats and lambs .	15	Nominative
But as I stood on this hillside , I foresaw that in the blinding sunshine of that land I would become acquainted with a flabby , pretending , weak-eyed devil of a rapacious and pitiless folly .	29	Nominative
Security in the hotel seemed to be excellent , but we were never given an explanation as to why someone would open these items .	10	Nominative
I have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm ( Houston time ) with Antonio Felix de Araujo Cintra from the Tozzini firm regarding further research on derivative products for trading in Brazil .	0	Nominative
They needed someone that could convince the jury they had been able to see all relevant documents in CIA files on Wilson .	8	Nominative
If you keep the cans away from the house , they are less likely to take up residence in your home .	1	Nominative
~ It took over 40 mins to be taken to our table , once there it took another 20 mins to get our orders and a further 45 mins till our starters landed on our table .	1	Nominative
After one month 's full - bore effort , I 'm pleased with the results ( e.g. , we forecast Nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned out $ 46 ) .	18	Nominative
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .	0	Nominative
They did nt take x - rays they offered them but i just could nt afford any more treatment .	7	Nominative
If I had time to drive to Tacoma before they closed during the work week , I would just so I could get those boots fixed properly again .	9	Nominative
How do you approach the difficult challenge of talking to the Palestinians when , in the end , they do n’t want Israel to exist .	18	Nominative
He was shabby and careless , with ink-stains on the sleeves of his jacket , and his cravat was large and billowy , under a chin shaped like the toe of an old boot .	33	Nominative
So I say : I 'm at the Radison Warwick hotel in Rittenhouse Square ( built in 1926 ) do you deliver to the Warwick ?	4	Nominative
The outfit he had chosen , khaki pants and a blue button-down shirt -- no tie -- lay neatly folded on the bed .	2	Nominative
It 's important that you take retreats and plenty of time for yourself to regenerate , as the rate of change in your personal and professional life will be fast and unpredictable .	0	Nominative
for a tank that size i would suggest oscars or piranha every time awesome fish !!	5	Nominative
I apologize , I 'm on the road and have n't heard when that will be .	3	Nominative
will only be in Ho chi Minh for 4 days and I am looking for a 1 day or 2 day trip to Mekong delta .	11	Nominative
EDIT : My memory may not be good so you might get a more accurate answer from someone else who remembers the time .	9	Nominative
I assume you have your anwser and do n't need me .	10	Accusative
the primary reason we need these things is for the scenario where a muni does a derivative deal with an open - ended downside , loses $ 50 million , and then claims that it was not a valid contract .	3	Nominative
Oh well , I 'll get it when it comes out in Febuary .	8	Nominative
Hedwig had woken up with a particularly loud screech and was beating her wings wildly against the bars of her cage .	7	Nominative
Do you have this information ?	1	Nominative
Browsing the catalog , I find that the quality of the spoken audio varies greatly from text to text or even from chapter to chapter .	4	Nominative
" My father , he 's an anthropologist , " she said .	4	Nominative
And he is not following me when I was walking .	1	Nominative
There was a violent scuffling noise , the peony bush shuddered and Ron straightened up .	9	Nominative
Voters see the two-party system for the sham it has become .	8	Nominative
" So you 've talked to her about me . "	6	Accusative
We are more popular than Jesus and Pope " ....	0	Nominative
I expect that many of the displaced people ( those affluent and those not ) will remain in the places they were evacuated to .	0	Nominative
" We came here to build a just society .	1	Nominative
I wished he would turn his head .	2	Nominative
It was built of horizontal planks , and so badly put together that , as he bent over his high desk , he was barred from neck to heels with narrow strips of sunlight .	22	Nominative
I want to make sure that I understand exactly how you propose valuing the transaction and how this value would be booked .	6	Nominative
They 'll die off , I suppose .	0	Nominative
If you do add all the entities , does that mean that we would not need to put in place a separate agreement for ECCL ?	12	Nominative
And , a relationship you begin now will last a very long time - like , for the rest of your life .	4	Nominative
And the village was deserted , the huts gaped black , rotting , all askew within the fallen enclosures .	2	Nominative
As long as you are a gentleman and treat them with respect they wo n't have any problem talking with you and your nationality will have nothing to do with how they treat you .	31	Nominative
They passed me within six inches , without a glance , with that complete , deathlike indifference of unhappy savages .	2	Accusative
It 's cool ... it 's like another family .	4	Nominative
Have patience with him , you just got him and who knows how he was treated before you brought him home .	13	Nominative
I believe the Commission has done a very good job in many cases .	0	Nominative
you need to learn about white balance , composition , angle , and work on using the camera properly ...	0	Nominative
I 'm not keen to go straight to the Director-General ...	0	Nominative
I put my foot in the water and it was cool .	8	Nominative
As it turned out , the Soviets never made it to the moon .	9	Accusative
He needs more info about these trades ( i.e. , price info ) and would like to talk with you about it .	21	Accusative
At the moment if you move overseas you can only come back to New Zealand for a short amount of time before they 'll force you cough up .	4	Nominative
He 'll make you fill one out .	0	Nominative
She pointed to the refreshment table with Campbell 's Soup served with " electric " Kool Aid and tables adorned with colorful gumball " pills " .	0	Nominative
But he was an inside / outside cat ( only one I owned - rest have been 100 0nside cats ) .	1	Nominative
Therefore , I need to know ASAP if there are any problems with the draft as written .	2	Nominative
I began seeing Dr. Romanick back in 2000 and have seen a significant decline in the quality of care , patient - doctor communication , and just the overall level of services .	0	Nominative
If you paste this in your browser , it will take you directly to our GW website .	1	Nominative
I think that ’s why they immersed themselves in pattern and colour .	7	Accusative
They made me feel confident in what they would do , and treated me like a member of their own family .	13	Accusative
No business is going to push customers away without good reason ; so is n't it reasonable to think they might know what they 're doing ?	23	Nominative
She has taken care of my sweet girl for almost 4 years now and I would not let Gracee go with anyone besides her !!!	0	Nominative
I had a rose named after me and I was very flattered .	0	Nominative
My house already feels fresh and good thanks to the Battery Park Pest I 'm enjoying my time indoors much better .	13	Nominative
We just came to visit . "	0	Nominative
And one of our friends , our common friends , he introduced us during study hall , and we just kind of hit it off from there .	10	Nominative
It had known and served all the men of whom the nation is proud , from Sir Francis Drake to Sir John Franklin , knights all , titled and untitled – the great knights-errant of the sea .	20	Nominative
To add insult to injury , he refused to refund our money .	6	Nominative
First , we must educate people on how to protect themselves better online .	10	Accusative
I shall you tomorrow to discuss the details .	2	Accusative
The flowers were all that I hoped they would be , I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all .	5	Nominative
Unless you want to take the " tell the customer how wrong she is and try and force her into a dress she 's obviously not loving " approach which will likely get you ... uh ... nowhere .	18	Accusative
In fifteen minutes we would be home and my mother would fry eggs .	3	Nominative
OVERALL DECENT BUT IF YOU ARE EXPECTING A RUTH CHRIS TYPE STEAK , THIS IS NOT IT .	16	Nominative
Rebecca Edwards had just told Neil Bayley that Felix Pasilis , the Pettigrews ' Greek friend , was furious with her because she 'd forgotten some essential herb that he wanted for his sheep ...	29	Nominative
He did not like the girl sitting next to him , and it offended him that she should be casually skimming the pages that had cost him so much effort .	26	Accusative
Please let me know of your availability .	2	Accusative
You can somewhat reduce your vulnerability by preventive and defensive measures and by strict border controls but not eliminate it and definitely not win the war in a defensive way .	0	Nominative
If there are any objections you need to get back to me ASAP .	5	Nominative
Even though you may not want to use them , it will give you some idea of what it might cost and what is fair .	2	Nominative
( plus they do nt stink that bad )	2	Nominative
I 'm unsure of this , because once I watched a commercial of cat food with my cat and she did n't react to seeing another cat on TV .	8	Nominative
Abby has three wonderful young children , and friends who love her and need her .	14	Accusative
why do nt you get some treats that he loves and only give him them when he does something right .	8	Nominative
He jumped the last six stairs , landing catlike on the hall carpet , looking around for Dobby .	7	Nominative
Per my conversation with Edmund this morning , we are moving the following countries to the non-approved list : Austria , Belgium , Croatia , Czech Republic , Denmark , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Singapore , and Slovenia .	8	Nominative
Which airlines should I look into and when should I buy my ticket ?	3	Nominative
for the past few days she has been shivering and wo nt eat but she could walk now her hid legs are not working but she is back to her self .. what should i do .?	14	Nominative
she did nt even let me finish a sentence without insulting me and telling me how i should have said it !	20	Nominative
( Two people in a cabin will spend more onboard , so cruise lines charge you more to sail alone .	15	Accusative
If he does know and approves of this behavior then it is a poor reflection on him .	1	Nominative
You 're getting old , he said to himself , you 're turning into an old fart .	5	Nominative
It is a glorious idea . I know the wife of a very high personage in the Administration , and also a man who has lots of influence with , &c. , &c .	6	Nominative
I am taking my wife out for our first year wedding anniversary and we both agree that we want a good steak .	0	Nominative
I purchased a 2 - year old certified pre-owned BMW from this dealership .	0	Nominative
When you feed him how many pinkies do you feed him ?	3	Accusative
Additional printed copies should be available within the next day or so and I will make them available to all of you - just let me know how many copies you need .	25	Accusative
It looks like The Lunar Transportation Systems , Inc. is visualizing a " space highway " going from the moon to Earth ( and back again ) .	0	Nominative
So I checked it out with the U.S. Post Office ( 1-800-238-5355 ) and they confirmed that it is indeed legal !!	14	Nominative
It 's what makes America great . "	0	Nominative
Many details remain to be worked out , but we will keep you advised .	12	Accusative
he lectured at the Congress of Arts and Sciences in St. Louis in 1904 , and in 1909 – 1910 he visited both the University of California and Columbia University .	0	Nominative
He gives you a hooded look .	2	Accusative
and would you recommend it as a student ?	4	Accusative
The new NCL Epic does sound amazing , although I have n't sailed on her yet .	14	Accusative
The only agreement I can find is a Master Sale Spot w / City of Springfield .	3	Nominative
Did you get a chance to find those GTC's for ENA that you can forward this way ?	1	Nominative
I m glad his butt was facing me so he could n't see my red face I think my Mare was even laughing ..	0	Nominative
I walked out with 5 inch long hair on the top , 2 inch long hair on the sides , and 1.5 in the back .	0	Nominative
Be a little more reasonable with your expectations of a place like this ; and maybe do n't jump to personal attacks suggesting that they do n't want to work hard , just because you bruised your own ego .	34	Nominative
If you have any problems or questions , please feel free to call me at 713-853-1696 .	1	Nominative
I have a fax machine at home , though , if you prefer .	11	Nominative
Otherwise , I think you have captured the points excellently .	4	Nominative
He seemed to understand how important it was for us to make sure the whole house was sprayed so he took his time .	19	Nominative
I was thinking of converting it to a hover vehicle .	0	Nominative
Over time it has merged with the neighboring cities of Scottsdale , Tempe , Glendale , Peoria , Chandler , and Gilbert to form the Greater Phoenix Metropolitan Area .	2	Nominative
If you know or work there could you enlighten me ?	9	Accusative
We become most fully human when we love another person .	0	Nominative
You now have it in you to create the kind of life for yourself that you want .	5	Accusative
After a while I needed to start thinking about an internship for my M.Sc. studies , and decided to write a couple of professors .	3	Nominative
Then , Ron , you come bounding downstairs going , Mum , look who turned up in the night ! and she 'll be all pleased to see Harry and no one need ever know we flew the car .	30	Nominative
You need either a filter for each device except the DSL modem , or a whole home filter which filters all the jacks , except the one which the DSL modem connects .	0	Nominative
i am deadly serious , i really do get sexual releif from even hearing of torture of animals , now some people may call me a brute or a coward but i ca nt help my true feelings .	31	Nominative
They sometimes do nt get along ( you know how some girls are lol hahahaahh but for real though , two girls tend to fight a lot .	7	Nominative
He was about to tell her who he was , but then he realized that it made no difference .	7	Nominative
Also you could use a stable rom like bugless beast and baked snake .	1	Nominative
You will run into significant difficulties if you do not have enough cash to pay this tax when leaving the country .	0	Nominative
Who he was , where he came from , and what he did are of no great importance .	11	Nominative
Pat had told me before he left that it would help me better grasp the process as a whole .	8	Nominative
She forwarded the Sommer letter to Stan and discussed it with him .	11	Accusative
We should n't put it past him .	6	Accusative
Wilson was claiming that he had been working for the CIA when he sold the C - 4 to Quaddaffi .	12	Nominative
My general convince your parents to let you get a reptile advice :	7	Nominative
They made me feel confident in what they would do , and treated me like a member of their own family .	0	Nominative
How do you feel about taking on another company ?	2	Nominative
Why did you decide to use a Creative Commons license ?	2	Nominative
It 's a completed term , but it is supposed to come from ' Flap ! '	0	Nominative
Should they decide to squeeze , we will all feel it .	6	Nominative
Any time ... we 'd be very pleased ...	3	Nominative
I 'm more than happy to help people with the site or answer any questions about Action Network - just drop me a message .	0	Nominative
it 's not me is it !?	0	Nominative
" While we do n't have anything specific to announce today , Google and the Wikimedia Foundation are collaboratively evaluating creative ways to support Wikipedia.org and its community . "	2	Nominative
The garden was large , and in Harry 's eyes , exactly what a garden should be .	14	Nominative
This is one example of what happens when Bush gets a question that he has n't anticipated .	13	Nominative
She smelled like honey that has been kept a while in a dark room , a little fermented .	0	Nominative
The woman who had dozed beside him all night communicating the intimate rhythm of her breathing but never exchanging a word , suddenly began to talk like a bird who has the cover taken off its cage .	14	Accusative
You 're right , Sue .	0	Nominative
Once again , however , Stillman 's face told him nothing .	9	Accusative
Here , cars are absolutely necessary , and he 'd have to have one , too .	8	Nominative
I agree w the answer from Nothing .	0	Nominative
We started it basically , because I wanted to - I wanted to work with Isabel on a lot of projects that we had going on together .	0	Nominative
I know it seems like a stretch , but the market for hourly traders is very strong right now .	0	Nominative
I do n't live in Lake St. Louis anymore , but deliveries were always correct and the service courteous .	0	Nominative
Enjoy it while you can , and then if your family enjoys it you can go again for a longer period of time .	13	Nominative
He found himself sitting on a sofa , alone in the living room .	0	Nominative
can i buy a laptop in u.k and then take it to rep. ireland and put a irish pay , go dongle in it ?	1	Nominative
I expected to pay for this service , but imagine my surprise when I received a bill for MORE than what I paid to have the original return prepared .	21	Nominative
I should ruddy well think not , growled Hagrid .	0	Nominative
Did you think when you created it that the Santorum cocktail would receive this news coverage ?	4	Nominative
If you can make it , please come !	4	Accusative
Put on a pair of spurs and before she makes that trot step , it 's in the feeling when you feel her think trot , tick her with the spur and lift with your body to keep her moving .	38	Accusative
He is no longer in the dominant Shiite list , the United Iraqi Alliance , and wo n't have many seats in the new parliament .	0	Nominative
I called dominos tonight , it rang forever , I get put on hold twice without saying a word and FINALLY someone says , MAY I HELP YOU ?	5	Nominative
We will only counter overproduction by introducing comprehensive new quality criteria .	3	Nominative
I could easily go to Nordstrom for my designer jeans and pay the same price , but I go to the Garment District for their service .	17	Nominative
The theory I present in the essay is that he is actually a combination of four different people .	9	Nominative
They made me feel confident in what they would do , and treated me like a member of their own family .	2	Accusative
They have one crack at redemption , beating England .	0	Nominative
And when I move it I guess he figures I 'm playing . x.x	2	Nominative
That is why we want to support research rather than make it more difficult .	3	Nominative
Thank you ,	1	Accusative
I believe he must have waited among the gorse bushes through which the path winds and struck him down as he passed .	0	Nominative
You 'll have to tell me what it 's about first .	5	Accusative
I do n't know if the kid had a bad day or what , but I had to sit and apologize about nothing for 10 minutes until he dropped the issue .	15	Nominative
You are a clear thinker and all you demand from life , in a relationship , is a partner whom you can trust and with whom you can , together , develop a foundation of trust based on understanding .	26	Nominative
I am being told by my better half that we need to get an accurate head count of who will be attending our wedding .	0	Nominative
And he is a teacher . "	1	Nominative
We 'll have four bands , and Big D is cookin' ..... lots of fun and great prizes .	0	Nominative
I rarely write reviews such as this one , but they certainly deserve anyone 's business !	10	Nominative
Or you could just scoop them out when the color dissolves .	1	Nominative
A bit pricey , so I did n't go very often , but it was always a treat when I did .	13	Nominative
He also said that London was going to be hiring 120 people to deal with the Credit Derivatives business .	0	Nominative
They seemed to be no more than broken things , discarded things , stray bits of junk .	0	Nominative
What , for instance , is ' appropriate after-sales service ' ?	2	Nominative
I do n't think it will be hard to keep his weight up so long as he can eat the grain .	16	Nominative
The fact is , when I began traveling for business to New England , when I first visited my in - laws in Montana and Idaho , I was shocked at the lack of racial diversity .	5	Nominative
It is my understanding , from good sources in the Gov s office that the Gov will order Loretta Lynch to expeditiously implement the provision to suspend all parties auhtority to enter into direct access contracts .	0	Nominative
" When I left , " he said , laughing , " the hostages wept and begged me to stay . "	17	Accusative
Can you pass this along to Elizabeth to ensure Sanders is on board as well ?	1	Nominative
It was 4:50 when a friend told me to call Bud , he would take care of me .	17	Accusative
I wanted you all to have a look at what we believe is the final draft .	10	Nominative
I would say it really depends on your riding ability , what disciplines you are interested in doing , or plan on doing , etc .	3	Nominative
Nida then sets forth the differences in translation , as he would account for it , within three basic factors :	14	Nominative
I am out all weekend and we have to have the final comments on the Analyst Presentation in by sunday night so I may be working over lunch .	0	Nominative
They can help you and it is close to a train station in Calcutta so check a few big ones ?	3	Accusative
I 'm looking for the confidentiality agreement , which may be in Bart 's files ( have n't checked closely yet ) .	0	Nominative
I asked them to change it but they rudely said that it was okay .	11	Nominative
I do hope to see you visiting us at the fire and we shall prepare a feast for you , as well .	18	Accusative
or it is normal ?	1	Nominative
It s not any of you lol	5	Accusative
He gained further reputation at court once he was dispatched as an envoy to the Khitan Liao Dynasty in the summer of 1075 .	0	Nominative
Could you please send an executable version of the contract to Fred , David , John and me tomorrow ?	17	Accusative
I am very concerned about this issue .	0	Nominative
WebLogic is required by BackWeb , although it is designed by a separate company .	7	Nominative
Okay , it 's partly about strippers and dope .	2	Nominative
But they can at least lay booby - traps to confuse and deter – a concept known as “ active defence ” .	1	Nominative
I would reccomend anyone to go see Jana Kueck and Robin Talley to see all the many procedures they have to offer .	18	Nominative
Therefore , if you are staying overnight in York and arriving by car , make sure that your hotel offers parking before you book .	22	Nominative
I just wanted to try your clinic because I was not totally happy with my current therapist I regularly see .	17	Nominative
They had asked Percy if he wanted to join them , but he had said he was busy .	0	Nominative
It seems he could not make bricks without something , I do n't know what – straw maybe .	2	Nominative
It is not an acronym as popularly believed .	0	Nominative
Today I went into Kwik Kar and there were two cars in front of me for inspection ... but I was still out of there pretty quick ... barely had time to read a chapter in my book .	1	Nominative
And a bunch of them had called and they said , " Wow . "	4	Accusative
I was already a vegetarian when I read it a little more than a year ago , but it was one of the bigger factors for me in going completely vegan .	6	Nominative
Please give me lots of links and places to look !	2	Accusative
i will let you know later .	0	Nominative
Think internally , intuitively , not by words , of the meaning , as you 're repeating it .	17	Accusative
“ I loved the tropical colours , ” he says .	1	Nominative
By Jove ! I 've never seen anything so unreal in my life .	3	Nominative
If I had time to drive to Tacoma before they closed during the work week , I would just so I could get those boots fixed properly again .	20	Nominative
Derya , of all people , hearing you scream !	7	Nominative
Throughout the United States , she said , " spring is about two weeks earlier .	5	Nominative
Kiara Perkins , a second year USI art major , admitted she was willing to skip class Thursday night to attend the opening exhibit but then circumstances allowed for her to attend the exhibit .	11	Nominative
If you have some problems with your windows , you should call them .	9	Nominative
As I watched my mother and father 's health deteriorate and ultimately watched them die , it is a very defining time in our lives .	1	Nominative
She was outside the building in the gardens , waiting for a photographer she had arranged to shoot her new Epic Mickey costumed character-style outfit .	13	Nominative
A part of him had died , he told his friends , and he did not want it coming back to haunt him .	7	Nominative
People aged 13 - 17 may be allowed to travel alone at Eurostar 's discretion - you should email them for a decision .	19	Accusative
*** Mary Perkins - Could you forward the number of transactions and accounts .	5	Nominative
Recently we were listed in New Hampshire and nationally with Politics1 .	1	Nominative
Or is there in the world by now a natural understanding of revolution , of mass organization , cadres , police rule , and secret executive bodies ?	15	Nominative
I LIVE THERE !	0	Nominative
We have used them for plumbing & A / C and they are affordable and get the work done right .	0	Nominative
So , I waited a week to call because I was busy and I wanted to have him come out on a day when I am more available in case we were to hang out after ;)	13	Nominative
If wikiHow volunteers think our site is going in the wrong direction , they can take all the content and all the software and move the project elsewhere .	13	Nominative
It is pointless to try to understand the subtle differences between the Sunni terror of Al Qaeda and Hamas and the Shiite terror of Hezbollah , Sadr and other Iranian - inspired enterprises .	0	Nominative
Mark at Tintman Nationwide tints Ltd , did a very Professional job very quick , no fuss , deliverd the car to me and I drove him back home , Great arrangement Great price !!	24	Nominative
I took him to the Animal Hospital and they ran blood work and everything came back normal .	0	Nominative
There are a number of key points that I would like to address before concluding .	8	Nominative
Another thing you can try .	2	Nominative
The salatim salads are the smallest plates I 've ever seen placed in front of me ( you would most likely think they were condiments if it were n't explained to you ) .	7	Nominative
If they smell strongly earlier , test with a wooden skewer ; if it returns clean after sticking into a cupcake , they 're ready .	22	Nominative
The vet said it was gastroenteritis and gave him fluids under his skin , an injection of nausea medication along with some take home antibiotics .	8	Accusative
The Beatles are very well known by people close to them for their arrogance and racism .	10	Accusative
I 'm now looking closely at the option liquidation problems .	0	Nominative
There is a wonderful quote attributed to Einstein — " If we knew what we were doing , it would n't be called " research " , would it ? "	11	Nominative
This person is not coming to visit you - the whole point of this scam is to gain your trust enough to steal your money and identity	7	Accusative
I took some photos of my model girlfriend with my Nikon D7000 .	0	Nominative
On Monday I called and again it was a big to - do to find anyone who knew anything about it .	6	Nominative
He is in my room , but there are so many things inside there , I du n no what to do .	0	Nominative
New York was the nowhere he had built around himself , and he realized that he had no intention of ever leaving it again .	15	Nominative
Robert Guthrie with the tax department has worked with us to develop this language .	9	Accusative
I really ca n't help you .	0	Nominative
If it 's inherently negative , then they 're either over-zealous , ignorant of other people or what to avoid those that contradict their fantasy land that caters to them and them only .	7	Nominative
I 've been doing this professionally since I was in my twenties , and before that since I was sixteen doing little tidbit poetry readings in coffeehouses .	17	Nominative
She was way easy to work with and made my wedding day so easy and she got some amazing pictures , not only of me , but of my family and friends .	24	Accusative
You wo n't even have time to read the entire menu before being asked to order and if you ask for more time your server will wait at the table .	0	Nominative
He can eat all his feed and does n't drop any , but can not eat hay from lack of muscle to chew it .	0	Nominative
Even when he robbed Dostoevski , he pitied him as one might " a little cherub-like child . "	2	Nominative
and thereafter he presents himself as no more than the editor of the translation .	2	Nominative
All I would regret was his prolonged absence from this House .	0	Nominative
Fill it halfway with books , and fill it up with lighter stuff .	8	Accusative
I can rent another machine for like $ 60 that will give it a finished look .	12	Accusative
He loves to flirt with her when Cyprian 's not looking , but get her doing her marvellous wriggle on the floor and he just stands there like Andrew , dragging his feet .	16	Accusative
It was all sorted with no hassle at all and I 'm really grateful - they were fab .	0	Nominative
Trying to stay calm , he wondered what to do .	5	Nominative
Well , I 've got news for you , boy . I 'm locking you up you 're never going back to that school . never . and if you try and magic yourself out – they 'll expel you !	32	Nominative
The pressure had been building up in him since Stillman 's disappearance that morning , and it came out of him now as a torrent of words .	7	Accusative
" Further , I find it even more disturbing that he made these comments about a nation that just last year tested nuclear weapons -- shortly after voicing his public opposition to the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty .	10	Nominative
If you knew what kind of " meat " they put in canned cat food you 'd understand this .	9	Nominative
Quinn picked up the phone and was about to dial when he thought better of it .	10	Nominative
The mere wealth I leave to others .	3	Nominative
Free of polution , free of oil dependency , and free of big business that is bleeding us dry for the short term good ( theirs ) .	17	Accusative
He always hugs me when he comes , but he gave me at least 5 tight , long , back rubbing hugs while he was there .	0	Nominative
These grew spontaneously one out of the other , and once you had been present at the first , you got handed on to all the others .	7	Nominative
And French he definitely is .	2	Nominative
A young woman leaned her elbows on it and her white breasts pursed forward within the frame of her arms .	9	Accusative
We said the first people came out of the sun .	0	Nominative
Give them a try !	1	Accusative
can anyone tell me exactly what it is and what took place ?	6	Nominative
We are staying in Jerusalem as guests of the Mishkenot Sha'ananim , the dwellings of serenity .	0	Nominative
The conference will also discuss what it will take in legislative action and regulatory initiative to achieve an efficient regime for ensuring that the nation has a reliable grid and regional trading system .	6	Nominative
I 'm considering taking a job with Steiner and noticed I have to pay for all my travel .	0	Nominative
First , Access searches for a RefLibPaths key in the following location in the Microsoft Windows Registry :	2	Nominative
I need 2 things from you .	5	Accusative
You ’re watching her lean out .	0	Nominative
It is a bustling place where separate parties are seated at the same table ( as in many European cafes ) , but if you are OK with that , the food is very good .	0	Nominative
Sometimes back , Paul told George in the Apple offices that the new generations are a bundle of idiots and useless people , but in any way they would have also been slaves of the Beatles .	27	Nominative
Prominent Builders in New Jersey are one the best building contractors , I was referred to them by my friend , I am so glad I used them for my Home renovation , and addition .	16	Accusative
You may support or oppose the Iraq war , but to refer to fans of Saddam , Arafat or Bin Laden as peace activists is a bit too much .	0	Nominative
It is difficult to think that Italy has fewer km of underground line than Madrid .	0	Nominative
I got a riding lesson today on one of my boss 's fino horses and it made me realize just how unsteady my left leg is .	0	Nominative
To prove that he was not a self-obsessed ingrate , he began to question Auster about his writing .	3	Nominative
So you want to flirt with a guy or gal on MSN , AIM , Facebook Chat , or any other instant messaging service and you do n't want to look like a creep ?	1	Nominative
" I have no doubt that as time goes on , there will be more and more cases documented "	1	Nominative
I 'm handling the afternoon -- I think that Harry has this morning .	0	Nominative
I am very artistic so I decided I was going to make her a giraffe sculpture .	0	Nominative
I 'm more than happy to help people with the site or answer any questions about Action Network - just drop me a message .	21	Accusative
Her mentor did not return her passionate , if discreet , love for him , and instead treated her as a younger sister .	18	Accusative
Huge selection and , great suggestions from the staff and they refer you to reliable places if they do n't have what you need .	22	Nominative
He willl eventually come and explore it and them you can handle him a little bit .	9	Nominative
The fact is , when I began traveling for business to New England , when I first visited my in - laws in Montana and Idaho , I was shocked at the lack of racial diversity .	27	Nominative
A few minutes after I left , I was called and informed that " I " left my wheel lock ( which they should have left in the car ) .	14	Nominative
Could you send me a set ?	3	Accusative
Is it OK to holiday in Christchurch since the Earthquakes ?	1	Nominative
A large number of them are Bangladeshis , who like millions of their countrymen have left their densely populated homeland to settle elsewhere .	4	Accusative
They picked my car up in Yarmouth and towed to Bath for a great price .	0	Nominative
I think it is wonderfully responsible that you are going into this rescue eyes open and are getting the opinions of qualified professionals ( and a bunch of Yahoos ) before you decide to take this horse on .	0	Nominative
I really should be going , he said .	0	Nominative
Well , I had my seventeenth and eighteenth birthdays in the detention camp at Fort Howard , the guest of Her Majesty 's governor , said Odara , that I know .	20	Accusative
And there are already Arabs who did it .	7	Accusative
They convince lots of people that they are a great store , when in fact they are a very average place at best , they are just another big box store like the others .	0	Nominative
You informed me that you would discuss this with your attorney .	2	Accusative
If your drawstring is longer than your pinkie then you should cut it off till it is roughly the size of your fingernail .	9	Nominative
The menu has the usual but then they step it up another notch .	9	Nominative
Have no idea what kind of restaurant this is or where it is .	11	Nominative
It surrounds you .	2	Accusative
If you have any doubts , refer to Title 18 Sec. 1302 & 1341 of the Postal Lottery laws .	1	Nominative
He 'll be fine , Molly , do n't fuss , said Mr Weasley , helping himself to Floo powder , too .	9	Nominative
If you have any questions , please request clarification prior to rating the answer .	1	Nominative
I really enjoyed meeting her and happy to learn she comes from Oklahoma and has the values of a solid no bs country girl .	9	Nominative
Even my PA i went to the other day said " it must by comforting to have gone to a heart surgeon like him who will do nothing for you " .	29	Accusative
I was there when they did a free raffle in August and I won a hard drive !	12	Nominative
They have sent over their top reporter Ahmed Mansour to the town , and he is spouting all kinds of propaganda hourly reminding me of Al - Sahhaf .	0	Nominative
4 . In Section 6.2.1 I 'll just note that the discount rate sentence I think is still an open issue .	5	Nominative
I interrupted him again .	0	Nominative
As you mark things off , you will be motivated to continue doing so , and seeing it on a regular basis will remind you that your project needs to be done .	17	Accusative
She continues to help me when needed even if I have a service question .	0	Nominative
Michael Chestney was very pleasant and patient with my wife and she suggested I go check it out .	13	Nominative
then I think I just kind of stopped smiling and just kind of sat there looking at the dates .	1	Nominative
And if a tree was not a tree , he wondered what it really was .	9	Nominative
Four months later , we were married .	4	Nominative
Remember that the snitch runner , if you choose to use one , is not an actual player in the game , therefore , not bound by any of the rules .	7	Nominative
I called dominos tonight , it rang forever , I get put on hold twice without saying a word and FINALLY someone says , MAY I HELP YOU ?	25	Nominative
because i have read that there are times it s not available .	8	Nominative
I just got a call from Dave and Frank and they tell me I have a whole week this time to approve the whole counterparty list to trade Australian financial power .	10	Nominative
The range of data types , reserved words , and wildcard characters are different in each query mode .	6	Nominative
So now i wanted to bouild up relationship with him so i got a piece of carrot and i put it on my hand , i moved very slowly and he suddenly run away to his tube .	9	Accusative
We do n't have to believe him .	0	Nominative
I was wondering if it would be OK for me to sit in with you one day to get a general feel of your end of the process .	4	Nominative
It varie$ company to company .	0	Nominative
IF you want flashy fancy food stacked high with lots of fussy garnishes , this is not the place for you .	20	Accusative
If you have received it by mistake please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system ; you should not copy the message or disclose its contents to anyone .	9	Accusative
As we are living in an age where intellectual capital is so valuable , it is important for every young person to obtain the very best possible education they can .	28	Nominative
You will also face the ire of most people there .	0	Nominative
Turns out the engine had no oil , and when oil was put it , it would just run out of the filter .	15	Nominative
But i paid $ 100 .	1	Nominative
Westfield and Rt 1 do it well , WHY CA NT U ????	5	Accusative
Cook onions until they are translucent , but not burned .	3	Nominative
I asked if they could copy the piece I dropped off .	0	Nominative
He wedged himself between the seats to recover the shoe she had lost somewhere over a distant desert ;	0	Nominative
For information about differences between PivotTable lists and Excel PivotTable reports , see Excel Help .	14	Nominative
We feel called to protest and oppose this injustice .	0	Nominative
I think it is wonderfully responsible that you are going into this rescue eyes open and are getting the opinions of qualified professionals ( and a bunch of Yahoos ) before you decide to take this horse on .	31	Nominative
I took my Mustang here and it looked amazing after they were done , they did a great job , I 'm very satisfied with the results .	0	Nominative
Do n't think I do n't know I 've got some bad times coming to me , he said , as if taking up , in private , current talk about himself .	3	Nominative
This convention is only slightly relaxed in modern age and now it is still unadvisable among friends to use the given name , but use of the family name is still common .	11	Nominative
You can then select all the popular promotions from the Other group and create a new custom group that will be captioned Popular .	10	Nominative
Wandering among the tombs till I began to think myself one of the possessed with devils . "	5	Nominative
It is the easiest thing that I have ever done and I tell all my friends that they should do it too .	17	Nominative
Would it be best for me to finish college ?	1	Nominative
I will be traveling in this area in the future and you can be assured that this experience will be helpful in my choice of hotels and Novotel will be my first selection .	11	Nominative
Maybe it 's true that life begins at fifty ... but everything else starts to wear out , fall out , or spread out .	1	Nominative
What they wonder is whether Google can be anything more than what it 's always been -- a great search engine with some real grass - roots support , successful by the grace of simplicity .	1	Nominative
If you move the line upward , the distance between the moving line and the nearest parallel line below remains constant , and the perpendicular line above the moving line contracts .	28	Nominative
It is literally monkey see and monkey do with them .	9	Accusative
I sent a phone to Mobile Phone Exchange and it failed a test due to lost or stolen what should I do ?	9	Nominative
Like most of us I was a little skeptical and little worried about the legal aspects of it all .	17	Accusative
Unlike an opossum , the chicken gives an unconvincing act , as it continues to blink and breathe in an obvious way . "	12	Nominative
i have tried EVERYTHING i can to get him to eat but he refuses .	12	Nominative
I remember going into Hollywood Magic and wanting that big red box with the dragons on it and I did n't even know what it did .	18	Nominative
“ I loved the tropical colours , ” he says .	8	Nominative
They squeezed me in and had me back up and running in no time .	0	Nominative
This is a busy group of hosts they are also running a restaurant , which also must be wonderful - so just ask for what you need , and I 'm sure they will do their best to be hospitable .	7	Nominative
This is possible because we release all of our software under the Open Source GPL license and release our content under a Creative Commons license .	4	Nominative
I go Disco dancing and Cheerleading .	0	Nominative
They said it was " plugs and wires " and quoted me $ 330 to do the work , including parts .	2	Nominative
Mrs. Indira Gandhi arrives this afternoon and yesterday it was United Nations and Sekou Toure .	10	Nominative
Ron 's magic wand was lying on top of a fish tank full of frog spawn on the window-sill , next to his fat grey rat , Scabbers , who was snoozing in a patch of sun .	2	Nominative
He said , All very festive , but it was distraction ; he had the feeling of listening inwardly , watching for something else .	0	Nominative
Let me know if you have any questions or need anything else .	1	Accusative
In her opening remarks for attendees , Waters pointed out those features to attendees , noting the touches of the Warhol Factory , or the studio where he worked , that were present around them .	34	Accusative
This is referred to in the emblem and when you hear the dwellers of Łódź ( łodzianin ( man ) łodzianka ( woman ) łodzianie ( plural ) ) calling themselves " the boat people " .	30	Accusative
I 'm not even in Iraq and I could have predicted to you the consequences of doing what the CPA has been doing .	0	Nominative
Your cycle of learning through the school of hard knocks has come to an end , Gemini , and now you 're going to start reaping the rewards these " lessons " have left in their wake .	20	Nominative
I do not want to have to bring them back before they are eight weeks old but they are ruining my apartment .	17	Nominative
It was Mr. Bush 's job to organize the Republican county chairpersons in the 67 Alabama counties .	0	Nominative
( we live in Pennsylvania btw ) I 'm mad and upset now !	7	Nominative
We would be glad to provide the same documents in an earlier version of Word , upon request by individual Parties .	0	Nominative
Do I need to cross reference the deals in my model to the deals in the system or did you already do that ?	19	Nominative
He heard Dando , forced by the old Labrador into the garden , walking about outside the guest hut and talking reproachfully to the dog ;	11	Nominative
I would recommend them to anyone ..	0	Nominative
If your washing machine is worth its salt , it will undo those straps in a heartbeat and tie them in a sheet bend unless you prevent it .	25	Nominative
could you take a look at this and give me an update .	9	Accusative
Can you help me interpret this statement and work through the numbers on my account .	1	Nominative
Quinn had never seen anyone move in such a manner , and he realized at once that this was the same person he had spoken to on the phone .	12	Nominative
Frustrated , the Americans decided for the best of reasons , as always , to make a heavier move :	3	Nominative
I think it ’s important we have an original take on those things .	2	Nominative
We need to change the lock and place posted signs at the gate .	0	Nominative
I have gone there time and time again whenever I need to get my hair done or when I want a haircut .	0	Nominative
It is easy to note the uneasiness of McCartney when he sings : " I 've got a feeling , a feeling I ca n't hide ... " in front of Yoko in the film .	22	Nominative
I am very artistic so I decided I was going to make her a giraffe sculpture .	7	Nominative
Imagine the growing regrets , the longing to escape , the powerless disgust , the surrender , the hate .	2	Nominative
She said in her sensible , inquiring , Englishwoman 's voice behind which generations of her kind had sheltered , Did Mweta say how long ?	0	Nominative
Andrew was probably one of her children ;	5	Accusative
That basically means do n't swallow it , do n't put it in your eyes , do n't bathe in it , and do n't really expose yourself to it directly at all .	27	Accusative
It was just as though I had been let into some conspiracy – I do n't know – something not quite right ; and I was glad to get out .	24	Nominative
He had emerged into a dingy alleyway that seemed to be made up entirely of shops devoted to the Dark Arts .	0	Nominative
That ’s why we are on the 10th floor to make sure they die when they get kicked out .	3	Nominative
Well , almost two weeks ago he came out and did my horse s feet and was SO flirty .	6	Nominative
You do not need to call the embassies to get professional advice .	0	Nominative
Edit was the best massage therapist I 've ever had and I would HIGHLY recommend her !	6	Nominative
Mrs Weasley woke them all early the following Wednesday .	4	Nominative
An indignant librarian , a middle-aged woman whose face is so hot it is almost fragrant with indignation , demands of me in a superdistinguished all but Oxonian accent , " How do you account for it ! "	34	Nominative
When the male gets his titts out the female gets mad with him knowing he ca n't produce milk .	12	Accusative
For several years Quinn had been having the same conversation with this man , whose name he did not know .	16	Nominative
It ’s limitless , and you ’ll see that the GNP of Israel is very close to the Saudis ’ .	5	Nominative
Can you help me interpret this statement and work through the numbers on my account .	3	Accusative
We know , for example , that he was thirty-five years old .	7	Nominative
Fired us up for the actual Paralympics .	1	Accusative
The position taken by Foreign Minister Maurice Jobert in the October War of 1973 was that the Palestinian Arabs had a natural and justified desire to " go home . "	18	Nominative
If sites next to you do n't have what you want , contact your nearest comp.sources.unix archive , or the moderator .	9	Nominative
In the same way , he chose the three others to play the roles he destined for them .	5	Nominative
You ll find world-class museums and cultural events , professional sports and amusement parks , and the most golf courses per capita in the United States .	0	Nominative
[ edit - and she most be very new to modeling , because she does look unsure of her poses )	4	Nominative
The smell of Virginia Stillman 's perfume hovered around him , and he began to imagine what she looked like without any clothes on .	1	Nominative
Please review it and let me know if you have any comments on or before Tuesday afternoon ( I will be out of the office Monday ) .	18	Nominative
He was a first-class agent , young , gentlemanly , a bit reserved , with a forked little beard and a hooked nose .	12	Nominative
I bought about half of the furniture I own from this place .	7	Nominative
She has to iron her pants on the driveway .	0	Nominative
Also , they have great customer service and a very knowledgeable staff	2	Nominative
Since so much of the town ’s retail area is clustered in 3 or 4 block radius , it would be beneficial to walk around , but might also be dangerous given the high traffic intersections .	18	Nominative
The difference is when the cat hisses , that means they are annoyed and they want the other cat to go away .	14	Nominative
Stillman 's train was not due to arrive until six-forty-one , but Quinn wanted time to study the geography of the place , to make sure that Stillman would not be able to slip away from him .	33	Nominative
They felt like they were going to fall off of me and it was very difficult to see what I would actually look like were I to purchase some of these dresses .	10	Accusative
Just last night we were saying we 'd come and get you ourselves if you had n't written back to Ron by Friday .	12	Accusative
I see that we are scheduled to have lunch today .	0	Nominative
It ’s a fundamental part of the joke ;	0	Nominative
Send it now , add your own name to the list and you 're in business !!!	1	Accusative
In two months Carroll had learned that her parents lived on a farm several miles outside of town ; that they sold strawberries in summer , and Christmas trees in the winter .	20	Nominative
Once we agree on the list , we can sign the EEI Master .	1	Nominative
Mrs. Wentz had put down her food and she sat back out of the light of the fire , a big face glimmering in the dark , caverns where the eyes were .	8	Nominative
If you own a Retail Store or are a Professional Vendor who exhibits at Sport , Hunting , or Craft Shows and are interested in selling our products , please give us a call !	31	Accusative
It creates headlines .	0	Nominative
They wandered here and there with their absurd long staves in their hands , like a lot of faithless pilgrims bewitched inside a rotten fence .	0	Nominative
Afraid I do n't have time today to discuss these , but some stories need attention :	1	Nominative
I will see you in the lobby at 7 am .	3	Accusative
The president was a lieutenant and Archibald had been a lieutenant , too ; he figured they had something to talk about .	14	Nominative
If you push it , it will never work .	3	Accusative
The moment they know the de-gnoming 's going on they storm up to have a look .	10	Nominative
After my trees were cleaned up , they gave me a jar of salsa .	7	Nominative
You have many names to choose from .	0	Nominative
I plan on taking a couple of graduate level finance courses at the University of Houston this Summer and Fall to demonstrate to the Admissions office that I can compete at this level .	27	Nominative
I am told that our respective credit departments want to raise the credit lines to $ 10 M for each party , but to effect that we will have to modify the existing Guaranties accordingly .	0	Nominative
I recently got a tattoo done at Aztec and I could not be happier .	9	Nominative
I need suggestions on restaurants in San Francisco with good food and good catering service .	0	Nominative
He described her as a " remarkable " and " loving and wonderful " woman who left her mark in the literary world with her stories .	2	Accusative
really , i have no idea what you 're talking about .	2	Nominative
I have been getting my treatments for a few months now and have seen some results but not up to the standards that I was told I should expect .	26	Nominative
It is also important to act decisively against the campaign of lies and fabrications and to monitor those Western media who collaborate with it out of naivety , financial interests or ignorance .	23	Accusative
Drink from me if you can ; wash , if you like ; trouble my waters if you dare .	10	Accusative
Otherwise we will find ourselves forced to take more serious decisions as regards our trading relations with Israel .	14	Nominative
The flowers were all that I hoped they would be , I have attended several funerals of late unfortunately and the flowers I recieved from Ana outshone them all .	11	Nominative
Valero said it was reducing rates at its 243,000 bpd Texas City refinery and its 85,000 bpd Houston refinery .	2	Nominative
It 's fantastic that they got the Paris Agreement but their contributions at the moment are nowhere near the 1.5 - degree target .	4	Nominative
If you want to pass this web site address along to other folks , feel free .	1	Nominative
" I ca n't do that , we have n't enough for them , " she says .	7	Nominative
i have tried putting him in a small container and putting him in a dark place for an hour or so and he wo n't touch the pinky .	11	Accusative
John , Per and I discussed the hostile environment issue and we are both concerned that we may have some repercussions .	4	Nominative
It was good to hear from you !	0	Nominative
He was stand-offish with the other agents , and they on their side said he was the manager 's spy upon them .	9	Nominative
No questions , please , the young man said at last .	10	Nominative
Send it now , add your own name to the list and you 're in business !!!	12	Nominative
If I could give them a lower rating than poor I would .	1	Nominative
It 's a father and son business .	0	Nominative
When I tell stories I do n't like that everything will be clear from the beginning .	1	Nominative
I ask one of the hostesses when I may expect to receive a drink and she cries out in irritation , " Back to your seat ! "	0	Nominative
EDIT : I love how she says it 's not callum but does n't deny it 's me .... i think we all know who she 's talking about ...	19	Nominative
I wo n't hire them . I hire --	4	Accusative
Copyright and the EU 's principle of free competition should be taken into account in the televising of sports as of other events .	19	Nominative
Not only did they answer the phone at 4:50 on a Thursday , they hit the ground moving !.	13	Nominative
We go to Japaneiro 's all the time and we have NEVER been disappointed !	0	Nominative
I am not such a fool as I look , quoth Plato to his disciples , he said sententiously , emptied his glass with great resolution , and we rose .	16	Nominative
If you 're a chronic procrastinator , you know the pain and stress that comes with putting things off .	1	Nominative
The program is well established and we have been extremely satisfied with the teachers , the programs and the director .	6	Nominative
You have to have very good teachers in mathematics if you really want to enjoy and to succeed in it .	0	Nominative
It 's a little hard to parse , but at this point his ostensible view is that the Gateses are very good money - redistributors , and he wants them to have the money as soon as possible .	0	Nominative
I 'll get back to you as soon as I have more info ( hopefully later today )	0	Nominative
We have some people who are great at politics ; some people we give all the war stuff to ; someone who is in charge of the Britney Spears story of the week — the entertainment stories .	12	Nominative
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a great atmosphere , amazing food , and great customer service !	0	Nominative
I hope they will be rejected because they are really the epitome of what Parliament is not able to do .	7	Nominative
If the baby is feathered yet - which I 'm sure he is mostly - he should be fine .	8	Nominative
I came upon this store as the building caught my eye .	0	Nominative
I 'd probably be more inclined to board my two dogs here , seeing that they do n't just take every dog coming in .	15	Nominative
He looked at her face again , trying to hear the words she was sounding out in her head , watching her eyes as they darted back and forth across the page .	0	Nominative
I do n't have the money to take her to a vet right now but it 's getting to be an issue .	15	Nominative
I should damn well hope so .	0	Nominative
Once you 're holding it , try to get her to touch / pet it ...	9	Accusative
If he does n't seem interested in them at all I would say he 's just not hungry .	10	Nominative
It was a cubist piece from the 1920s and I believe you called the technique a " push wa " ( pronunciation Vs an attempt at the proper spelling ) .	11	Nominative
I 'm a regular at the HH .	0	Nominative
Most Fridays I 'm going to TRY to pick Michael up since I 'm away so much , which means leaving by 445 or so .	2	Nominative
So I got just my other rear tire replaced .	1	Nominative
Let me know what you think of this property .	4	Nominative
So , no it is not as good as Dubai , but it s quieter and more peaceful , and you can still go to Dubai in 45 mins .	3	Nominative
Since I 'm usually at work late Deb has stayed around to help me out when needed .	1	Nominative
They require a lot of attention or they get fussy and tear stuff up .	7	Nominative
In other words , how do they treat those with different beliefs , cultural backgrounds and ways of seeing the world ?	6	Nominative
He was commonplace in complexion , in features , in manners , and in voice .	0	Nominative
Never fill a box until it is so heavy that you ca n't lift it safely .	5	Nominative
Take the mouse to an emergency vet and have them use CO2 to put the mouse to sleep .	9	Accusative
Particularly in the absence of any entreaty from them .	8	Accusative
It 's a nice bike and it cost a lot of money .	0	Nominative
In the event that you have scheduling conflicts and can not participate , any referrals at the Director or VP level would be greatly appreciated .	4	Nominative
Enron continues to feel free to move me around at will .	7	Accusative
I would appreciate it if you could get this one fixed today and , if you have any problem with changing the GCP procedure , please let me know .	15	Nominative
They beguiled the time by backbiting and intriguing against each other in a foolish kind of way .	9	Nominative
Due to my disability , this will be a monumental task , but I am determined to prove to the Admissions commitee that I can excel with the work at The Texas University Graduate School of Business .	13	Nominative
I remain devoted full - time to the advancement of Firefox , the Mozilla platform and web browsing in general .	0	Nominative
" Kosher food is far more expensive than other kinds , " I say .	12	Nominative
President Bush has always said that working for Blount was the reason he transferred to the Alabama Air National Guard .	12	Nominative
What you project will always come back to either reward or haunt you .	12	Accusative
Want to bring it to the White House ?	3	Accusative
If you are just applying for a birth certificate for the first time , it s simple to do it over the computer .	14	Nominative
Of course not . But I mean the book inside the book Cervantes wrote , the one he imagined he was writing .	19	Nominative
I mean that was discussed in U.S arms control journals , that they would have to regard as a potential threat to their strategic deterrent , meaning as a first strike weapon .	0	Nominative
I would like to thank you for personally taking the time to closely review my application .	0	Nominative
Take your glowsticks to the party and charge your friends loads of money for them !	14	Accusative
I have a siamese lynx name Star we called her that because she has a star pattern on her face .	12	Nominative
Quinn had not worn a tie since the funerals of his wife and son , and he could not even remember if he still owned one .	22	Nominative
I wish I had you as my dentist early on in my life - maybe my teeth would have been a lot better then they are now , However I am glad you are my dentist now .	0	Nominative
You never get tired of watching them .	6	Accusative
Do n't eavesdrop , but when they 're talking to you or to those around you , listen to them .	6	Nominative
The young bachelors romped and the tousled girls , passing close by , or smiling suddenly at people they were n't aware of , gave up the scent of cosmetics and perfume heated on their bodies .	18	Nominative
i knew someone in college who had one and i loved it .	11	Accusative
i want it b/c it is really small and cute .	0	Nominative
Jana made me feel very comfortable .	2	Accusative
I wished he would turn his head .	0	Nominative
I asked her if she had any relatives that would want to know of her whereabouts .	0	Nominative
He was n't unpleasant about it , but he just changed the subject and would n't talk about it .	18	Accusative
Thank you for fixing the leak on my bathroom !	1	Nominative
If that were the case , and Stillman managed to elude him , it would mean that Virginia Stillman was responsible .	11	Accusative
In a form or report , the Name property never appears when more than one control is selected because control names must be unique .	11	Nominative
I asked them to change it but they rudely said that it was okay .	5	Accusative
He was warned that they were building up a huge Army and would eventually launch an attack , but he ignored his military advisers .	4	Nominative
Can anyone give me an idea of when the best time for us to go to Ireland would be ?	12	Accusative
We had no choice but to stay but will take this as far as we can .	0	Nominative
You should be fine with just a passport , unless you 're staying longer than six months .	0	Nominative
If you are new to " The Cat Album " I can tell you that you 'll find more than 1100 pictures of cute cats at this site .	15	Nominative
He was a blond-haired boy of five or six .	0	Nominative
We have two .	0	Nominative
The data must be in a format that Access recognizes , either in a native format or through the use of a schema .	8	Nominative
To draw a game you have dominated is easy to brush off , but to do so three times is a row suggests a weakness .	4	Nominative
I reserve my right to come back on this when it goes back to committee .	0	Nominative
They called and worked with me to fix it so that it would look perfect .	5	Accusative
RP : Is it wrong to want to remove a contact because they are really really stupid ... ?	3	Nominative
After he already put product on my hair he said " I should warn you , I 'm expensive . "	16	Nominative
Was looking after the upkeep of the road , he declared .	9	Nominative
The social status of women is far below what it was in the Western World 150 years ago .	9	Nominative
He 's only exhibited weight loss and some muscle atrophy , with the slight toe drag and a bit of trouble with the right lead ( which could or could n't be related ) .	0	Nominative
Could he abandon everything now , just like that ?	1	Nominative
These guys know what they 're doing and helped me in all phases of our project .	4	Nominative
He was at a loss to explain to himself why he found it so appealing .	0	Nominative
Zacarias Moussaoui , who had a crop dusting manual when he was arrested , stayed at Sufaat 's condominium in 2000 when he was trying to arrange for flight lessons in Malaysia .	10	Nominative
I spotted a few .	0	Nominative
Sometimes it is hard to get parking in the lot in front of the storefront , and it is on a one - way street , but the restaurant itself is NEVER overcrowded .	1	Nominative
that 's fine , i do n't want to see you either , i just need to make a cd .	13	Nominative
Did services I asked them NOT to do and was still charged .	2	Nominative
Ok , calm down , it 's not like he 's some stranger that came up and groped me lol .	18	Accusative
He picked one up and saw that the pages had the narrow lines he preferred .	0	Nominative
I did n't understand what she 'd said except that they were visiting .	0	Nominative
Wednesday , July 12 , 2:300 will work for me .	9	Accusative
Her voice was listless in the dark and she was even harder to understand when I could n't see her properly .	15	Nominative
You now have it in you to create the kind of life for yourself that you want .	0	Nominative
Even Zawahiri 's attorney in 1999 said that Bin Laden and Zawahiri were likely to resort to the biological and chemical agents they possessed given the extradition pressure senior Al Qaeda leaders faced .	22	Nominative
We called our representative who assured me he would call the office and have it taken care of .	14	Accusative
I turned to Whitman to find some understanding of what is happening in the world right now .	0	Nominative
He 's been frantic , the woman explained .	0	Nominative
As I mentioned in my voice mail , Mike Roberts going to hire Sara Woody , a recent MBA grad from Rice , into his group .	1	Nominative
Are you playing golf ?	1	Nominative
Anse Bertrand , not far from there , you can visit La pointe de la Grande Vigie , northern point of mainland Guadeloupe .	8	Nominative
They do n't seem to know anything but the hype they are told and the packages they have available to them .	16	Nominative
i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs .	12	Nominative
Response : The US must do whatever it can to strengthen the legitimacy of the Pakistani government .	7	Nominative
Under the release of physical contact , he said to Mweta , I do n't know what we 're talking about , and Mweta said , You ... I told you we expect you back , now .	12	Nominative
Okay , FIRST , you have posted a question about an American movie , set in Mexico , in the Dining Out in Argentina category .	4	Nominative
ever since Harry had come home for the summer holidays , Uncle Vernon had been treating him like a bomb that might go off at any moment , because Harry Potter was n't a normal boy .	16	Accusative
This means that I could be away from the office for several days and miss a message entirely , because it would have expired and disappeared by the time I returned .	3	Nominative
Each time an elderly man approached , he braced himself for it to be Stillman .	9	Accusative
You have to see these slides .... they are amazing .	0	Nominative
I wanted to watch it with them , but they decided they ’d rather watch it without me in the end .	4	Accusative
But I also see that as a fatal misconception , which is doing Sunnis harm , because I do n't believe the US is going anywhere so soon .	1	Nominative
He makes some good observations on a few of the pic's .	0	Nominative
The Arabs have shown no inclination toward Communist ideology and their oil continues to flow to the West .	14	Nominative
They were thorough , high class , and went above and beyond .	0	Nominative
I 'm not sure that there 's much nightlife in Naha .	0	Nominative
( I think there are close to 24,000 groups )	1	Nominative
The cast members really have to have incredibly powerful voices to pull off a few of the most poignant numbers ( I think this could be your true calling ) .	21	Nominative
I will not be visiting Mama Mia 's again .	0	Nominative
Working with Rod Jacobsen was my first experience working with a CPA , so I did not know what to expect .	14	Nominative
We went with Intrepid as a part of their North to South Vietnam Trip , but they do offer this one day separately .	16	Nominative
Do you miss me ?	3	Accusative
The reason for it is because people were fighting for our land , either defending it or extending it , because that was the main source .	3	Accusative
If your coach has no fights and you never see him train and sweat something is wrong !	10	Accusative
Tonight , I called several times with no answer ( Btwn 5:30 and 6 pm ) and finally drove there to place my order in person .	2	Nominative
I made noises with my heels but they were too loud so I stopped .	12	Nominative
I will definitely be bringing my car back for service .	0	Nominative
If desired , the snitch is able to do whatever he or she wants to avoid capture .	12	Nominative
I had hear great things about Phet and G&G Automotive so I decided to give him a try .	11	Nominative
It has to be one of the nicest pubs that i have been into in a long time , the decor is nice and it has a really nice garden and a lovely decking area .	10	Nominative
I have long been a trenchant critic of the Sadrists .	0	Nominative
Please let us know if you need a change so that the deals will bridge with the correct books .	5	Nominative
she knows she is invading someone else 's territory , but ca n't help it , and has no where to go .	0	Nominative
some beautiful locations like close to Karol Bagh Shopping Market , Presidential Palace , and Birla Mandir Temple and Connaught Place and Jantar Mantar are near to it .	27	Accusative
It may seem that the common agricultural policy or the trans-European transport network are higher priorities , but they are not .	18	Nominative
It 's nice to see that even in the economy we can eat a place that has upscale service , amazing atmosphere , and Incredible food , but not break the bank while enjoying it !	10	Nominative
My parents do not like me , They constantly reassure me that they will throw me out of home when I turn 18 .	20	Nominative
Lay a Twister mat on the floor and ask people if they want to play .	11	Nominative
Little did I know that I would soon be needing her help as well !	2	Nominative
So they were going to charge him for new peddles and proceeded to put them on without even telling him the price .	19	Accusative
can anyone give me information about them ?	3	Accusative
When I said yes to Mweta I knew it and every time I walk past the title on my office door I know it .	6	Nominative
Last time I went however , my beer was warm and the service was so - so .	2	Nominative
would it help getting an aquarium cage or a plastic see through box so it ca nt escape i can buy it a wheel	14	Nominative
i think it could have been done in a much more cost efficient way , right here on bad - old - planet - earth .	2	Nominative
All quite correct .	0	Nominative
I am still certain that the School is the best place for getting a great graduate - level education , so I want you to know that I am going to do whatever it takes to get in next year .	21	Nominative
Before coming to Acupuncture DOCTOR I was a big baby about needles and only came because my boyfriend 's aunt recommended it .	5	Nominative
I used to go here almost every day since I work in the neighbourhood and loved their turkey and meatball sandwiches .	0	Nominative
Let me know if you think this is reasonable and workable .	4	Nominative
Aunt Petunia burst into tears and hugged her son , while Harry ducked under the table so they would n't see him laughing .	7	Accusative
I interrupted him by saying I had heard of Mr. Kurtz on the coast .	9	Nominative
See you all there - this is ling overdue	1	Accusative
Also , would those of you who have not responded to me via email confirming your acceptance of the terms upon which our four companies have agreed to assume cost responsibility for the TCA work on this .	11	Accusative
The disembarking passengers were all strangers again , connected not with each other but to the mouthing , smiling faces and waving hands on the airport balcony .	12	Nominative
It was only months and months afterwards , when I made the attempt to recover what was left of the body , that I heard the original quarrel arose from a misunderstanding about some hens .	9	Nominative
We look forward to what the Commission has to say but I would sound a note of warning .	0	Nominative
Since I 'm usually at work late Deb has stayed around to help me out when needed .	13	Accusative
Quinn walked home the way he had come , lengthening his strides with each new block .	5	Nominative
What a neat gem of a restaurant in a corner one would n't expect it .	14	Nominative
And then I noticed that I cheat a little bit when I write them down .	13	Accusative
I have a Saab ... which everything is expensive on and they have been extrememly fair and price a lot lower than any other shop I called .	0	Nominative
Men put cell phones and small tools in them .	8	Accusative
The Arab Revolt which began in 1916 turned the tide against the Ottomans on the Middle Eastern front , where they initially seemed to have the upper hand during the first two years of the war .	20	Nominative
The phones and networks are compatible , so the only reason it would n't work would be if you have , say , a cheap cell phone company ..	11	Nominative
It was 4:50 when a friend told me to call Bud , he would take care of me .	12	Nominative
If you want to stay with friends or family in Cuba you have to go with your intended host within two days after arrival to a migration office and pay 40 CUC for a 30 days family visa .	11	Nominative
He had made it to the third or fourth paragraph when the man turned slowly toward him , gave him a vicious stare , and jerked the paper out of view .	16	Accusative
He tried to tell me it was when I told asked him if he knew what fps stood for and he had no clue .	13	Nominative
As always , thank you for your time and please contact me @ ext 58369 if you have any questions .	4	Accusative
As soon as they leave they are forgotten .	3	Nominative
Universities will take you whatever age you are .	3	Accusative
I typically have work done on my Jeep at the dealership , but it is 6 years old now and getting charged dealership prices just did n't seem cost effective anymore .	13	Nominative
We have had no contact with the ENA / Enron Mexico commercial or legal people and I do n't want to bust any structuring goals .	16	Nominative
yet to understand the effect of it on me you ought to know how I got out there , what I saw , how I went up that river to the place where I first met the poor chap .	8	Accusative
I have never been and I will never be a Government official and I have no privileged information .	13	Nominative
He shook hands , I fancy , murmured vaguely , was satisfied with my French .	4	Nominative
Even if we can not help you here in Enron , he may be able to put you in touch with other CV groups in town .	2	Nominative
My vet told me when a dog is vomiting a lot , it could be a sign of obstruction .	3	Accusative
He had not really lost himself ; he was merely pretending , and he could return to being Quinn whenever he wished .	19	Nominative
The two lay their eggs inside the cave you made for them .	11	Accusative
i was looking for a car but did not really know what i wanted and they were very helpful and took the time to first figure out what my needs were and showing me various options to meet those needs .	33	Accusative
Having personally visited the West Bank and Israel , I can say that this new political voice is threatening to collapse the peace process .	9	Nominative
So now I do not bother with them at all .	2	Nominative
You do n't want to spend more than $ 20 and yet you have an expensive hobby like riding horses ?	0	Nominative
To reserve one of these rooms , you must inform the Wyndham staff that you are part of the CAEM group .	7	Nominative
We tend to target the zeitgeist more than anything .	0	Nominative
With an absent smile to Bray across the room , she took up , for a moment , an abandoned beauty .	3	Nominative
He rose slowly .	0	Nominative
This was not considered particularly bizarre ; other American ambassadors and ministers in the Arab world were entirely in favor of " genuine " revolution to overthrow old landowners , rich crooks , and politicians .	26	Nominative
Oh and btw I live in los angeles look for places in like the lb area and torrance etc thanx ^_^	3	Nominative
I needed wisdom teeth taken out .	0	Nominative
Daniels is not set up for prepayments as they bill off an invoice and the main office and accounting had to create an invoice for a chromatograph that had not been delivered .	8	Nominative
As you mark things off , you will be motivated to continue doing so , and seeing it on a regular basis will remind you that your project needs to be done .	6	Nominative
Like all oil place changes , ask / recommend the 100 other services they have .	13	Nominative
He also said Klein was uncommunicative , uncooperative and unwilling to walk up from cells under the courthouse to attend his hearing .	0	Nominative
And yet he goes on to say , Quinn added , that Cid Hamete Benengali 's is the only true version of Don Quixote 's story .	2	Nominative
Mr. ARCHIBALD : He told us whenever he was stopped , as soon as the law enforcement found out that he was the grandson of Prescott Bush , they would let him go .	3	Nominative
Do n't pack one box full of books or paperwork - you might not be able to carry it at all .	18	Accusative
The owner was VERY rude , accused me of not reading my contract , and basically told me to shut up when I was trying to ask questions to further understand the process of canceling my membership .	7	Accusative
We arrived Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked .	10	Nominative
I guess they figured me for an easy mark , and tried to explain that my car would n't pass unless I replaced a hose .	21	Nominative
But then again I was nice to them so that could have been why .	7	Accusative
They were very professional , neat and clean .	0	Nominative
He felt as though Auster were taunting him with the things he had lost , and he responded with envy and rage , a lacerating self-pity .	16	Nominative
He then returned to Kirriemuir .	0	Nominative
" When I left , " he said , laughing , " the hostages wept and begged me to stay . "	6	Nominative
I am 61 now so I really started when I was about 10 years old even though I had seen and worked with some basic tricks a few years earlier .	17	Nominative
It is a starting place to look	0	Nominative
it s a gift from my brother .	0	Nominative
We are run as a Hybrid Organization - a for-profit company focused on achieving a social good .	0	Nominative
Circumstances have changed in some respects , while in others they have remained the same .	9	Nominative
Get feedback from researchers on possible subjects , based on the knowledge and skills they feel librarians need ;	14	Nominative
Disatisfied customer , I went through Kitchen Aid and used one of their recommended vendors .	3	Nominative
I use GIMP and It s not cutting it , looks terrible .	4	Nominative
that was a strange way to flirt .. but i guss it was his way ...	9	Nominative
That 's about it .	3	Nominative
if you do have a male but they are not in the same cage or breeding but you touch him then her she will smell his sent and probably lay eggs .	7	Nominative
by the way , buy it now b/c it is going to 100 by year end .	8	Nominative
You should have you chiro out before you decide if you want this horse or not .	10	Nominative
“ Nonetheless , ” the traveler said , and she walked out .	9	Nominative
The place where I 'm boarding is not likely to want to take me this far , and I do not have any ways of hauling him myself .	18	Nominative
I never stayed more than two weeks at a time when I visited the U.K .	11	Nominative
I wondered who did all the work on Earth .	0	Nominative
If you are moving the line away from the center of the grid , the nearest parallel line does n't move , and the distance between the line you are moving and the nearest parallel line grows larger .	33	Nominative
I wonder if they were going down a hill !	0	Nominative
maybe you should understand how the world works & realize you are just like any other person & not put yourself on a pedestal .	1	Nominative
What volatilities are you using to value the options - monthly volatilities or intra-day volatilities or a blend of the two ( if blending please show me what formula you using to blend the two vols ) ?	3	Nominative
you even talk to them , your rep will be trashed on all the major servers .	0	Nominative
With your help , we know she can do it !!	9	Accusative
I laugh and say , no , that Warwick is in New York , but I 'm at the Radison - Warwick .	0	Nominative
if i preorder a game at gamestop can someone else pick it up for me ?	14	Accusative
Hope you read through this .	1	Nominative
Others can ; you can not .	0	Nominative
Despite the aftershocks I would recommend going to Christchurch , just for the experience and then you can see first hand how things get effected by earthquakes .	3	Nominative
" I must try to save you . "	1	Nominative
MSU does a lot of EPM studies because of how common it is here .	11	Nominative
I 'm not sure how I would have handled it .	0	Nominative
bit of a stupid question but do the spikes / spines ( whatever you call them ) on their side and face area ever go hard .	15	Accusative
When the cloud disperses , she ’s standing on one of the Stock Exchange ’s upside-down overhangs .	5	Nominative
I ask one of the hostesses when I may expect to receive a drink and she cries out in irritation , " Back to your seat ! "	7	Nominative
how did you know .	2	Nominative
He believes memos and e-mails around the time of Winter 's Dec. 8 actions should provide vital clues .	0	Nominative
Dobby will have to shut his ears in the oven door for this .	4	Nominative
I do not find the term " Alternate Transporter Imbalance " in our agreement ..	0	Nominative
We all laughed at the idea , except for a chemist with a crooked nose and rouge caked in the creases of her face , who was incensed .	0	Nominative
Then one day , Ahmed left the country , not to return for months , WITHOUT informing me .	17	Accusative
Thanks for thinking of me to send it to .	7	Accusative
It can be a real mess on Broadway .	0	Nominative
On the hottest days , it can get up to 115 ° F ( 46 ° C ) or more .	5	Nominative
This visa , which is really little more than a piece of paper on which you list your vital statistics , costs between 15 - 25 CUC ( or € 15 - 25 ) , depending on where purchased .	15	Nominative
I wished the rain would stop .	0	Nominative
2 ) I would like to say on a island with an a ) all inclusive resort ( if possible ) , and a beach front room	2	Nominative
" But you have n't talked about her to me . "	9	Accusative
Unfortunalty my husband and I had to put our 13 year old lab down that morning and we were not expecting this .	4	Nominative
Abby has three wonderful young children , and friends who love her and need her .	11	Accusative
she will start to calm down and feel safe - you can bet she does n't now .	10	Nominative
He was a Swede , too .	0	Nominative
It s important to their religion that they only consume Halal food .	0	Nominative
Especially high end keep sake sort of clothing that you just ca nt find in a lot of stores .	9	Nominative
He faxed it to you and will have the original Fedexed overnight .	0	Nominative
Microsoft Access provides ways to both import and export XML data as well as transform the data to and from other formats using XML related files .	11	Nominative
But I did find this website , www.igourmet.com , where they sell all types of sausages , including blood sausages !	10	Nominative
Thank you .	1	Accusative
It 's pretty combative actually .	0	Nominative
Erm ya How can I watch Fair City Online in England lols ?	4	Nominative
I lay there and tried to think if I should put my arm around her , but I did n't know .	17	Nominative
Keep a copy of these steps for yourself and whenever you need money , you can use it again , and again .	10	Nominative
For this reason , it 's always better to practice ballet in a ballet studio under the guidance of a good instructor , who will be able to correct your positioning and make sure that you 're dancing properly .	4	Nominative
Is it normal for dogs to throw up blood while having gastroenteritis ?	1	Nominative
Can you recommend where these companies each fit within the new organization ?	1	Nominative
Now , we should aim to get in a few good compliments at dinner .	4	Nominative
The information contained herein is based on sources that we believe to be reliable , but we do not represent that it is accurate or complete .	9	Nominative
remember to visit with him while he is in the room , and tell him how good he is .	4	Accusative
Two enormous green eyes had appeared among the leaves .	8	Nominative
With young ones , I would definitely get a window or view room so they can see outside .	14	Nominative
That s how they were caught .	3	Nominative
As these guidelines need to be approved by Houston , I am copying this to Mark , Alan and Jeff .	10	Nominative
Unfortunately , I 've given it a couple of tries at different times and decided to stop going .	2	Nominative
He could see him sitting in the chair across from him , but at the same time it felt as though he was not there .	21	Nominative
I 've read the materials you sent and agree we need to address these allegations appropriately .	5	Nominative
Also , remind me of Patterson 's email , so I can harass him directly .	10	Nominative
Let him walk in and out for a few days .	1	Accusative
He knows what he s doing .	0	Nominative
I did n't either until I clicked on the down button and they popped up .	0	Nominative
I 'm suppose to start a job at Cracker Barrel , but I ca n't risk losing the job because I have two visible tattoos on my arm .	20	Nominative
I tried to stay as brave and calm as a human being could under the circumstances .	0	Nominative
It s prettty much the same $$$ , please advice !?????!!!!	0	Nominative
All I can say is that I am glad I went in !	1	Nominative
I have been getting my treatments for a few months now and have seen some results but not up to the standards that I was told I should expect .	0	Nominative
Yes She is having physical theraphy 3 times a week .	1	Nominative
Yes you can , but it will cost you lots of money unless you have an international plan .	5	Nominative
I felt as if I should help her sleep .	7	Accusative
We sued Houston Casualty last year but I do n't recall making any bad faith claims .	0	Nominative
2 . We really liked the fact that Stuart sets defined objectives and we meet once a month to go over our Key Performance Indicators .	2	Nominative
I know that the mouse will probably die , but I was wondering if there is any cure for mouse poison ?	0	Nominative
It varies ; look around Manhattan , look around rents , look around build-outs , look around hiring , look around advertising ...	0	Nominative
It felt as though he had lost half of himself .	7	Nominative
He felt himself the middle-aged relative , a man of vague repute come from afar to the wedding and drawn helplessly and not unenjoyably into everything .	0	Nominative
It actually needs to be relatively waterproof - the last one I bought had me soaked in anything more than light / moderate rain .	14	Accusative
You take a boat across the river , then spend a day biking , eating at a local restaurant , buying souvenirs and doing other things that are geared towards tourists .	0	Nominative
How much would it cost for me to take me and three friends to Andiamo s restaurant for dinner ?	6	Accusative
I recommend them highly !	0	Nominative
On one order , we needed it rushed and shipped to a different state .	4	Nominative
I 'll admit I was n't expecting much from this place , but they really did do a good job .	0	Nominative
I just called again and was told that workmanship , not wood , is guaranteed for a year - well in my opinion - the wood split due to a nail which is part of workmanship !	0	Nominative
I guess I 'm extremely fortunate that I received a scholarship which paid about 800 f my course fees through my degree .	7	Nominative
He said , All very festive , but it was distraction ; he had the feeling of listening inwardly , watching for something else .	3	Nominative
I might just sell the car and get you to drive me around all winter .	8	Accusative
I will never recommend this gym to any woman .	0	Nominative
I pray that you understand our plight .	3	Nominative
He was however , not the last Moriori .	0	Nominative
He did warm it up .	3	Accusative
I Have This Exact Cage , Bought From The Exact Ebay User .	0	Nominative
My friend called the hotel to cancel our room as soon as I called her .	14	Accusative
I just wanted to try your clinic because I was not totally happy with my current therapist I regularly see .	8	Nominative
Will definitely go back when I need medical care .	5	Nominative
But , I 'm very happy for you !	2	Nominative
I may want to put some steers or heifers up there .	0	Nominative
We do n't want to condition the acceptance of one project on the performance of another project .	0	Nominative
They were very friendly and were able to explain me exactly what was wrong with it .	9	Accusative
Arrogant people counteract this by creating an atmosphere that revolves around them , and get angry if they 're reminded of the real world .	17	Nominative
It actually had a hole in one of the slices .	0	Nominative
I may try to run out and take the test this afternoon while I get moved to 30 ( I better not fail it ) .	13	Nominative
He was crossing the street and moving eastward .	2	Nominative
It is the largest town on the island and has the largest share of accommodations .	0	Nominative
I am not such a fool as I look , quoth Plato to his disciples , he said sententiously , emptied his glass with great resolution , and we rose .	0	Nominative
How can we license individual operators if we do not make that separation ?	7	Nominative
He advanced the theories of Rank and Nexus in Danish in two papers : Sprogets logik ( 1913 ) and De to hovedarter af grammatiske forbindelser ( 1921 ) .	0	Nominative
I believe the fuel consumption will be tolerable as well .	0	Nominative
You 'll also have less spoilage .	0	Nominative
You will notice that Questar has requested a " Payment Plan " that details when they will pay Transwestern for the interconnect due to the recent Enron events .	15	Nominative
I will NEEEEEEEEEVERRRR go to this place again .	0	Nominative
Once I actually got back in my car , it was dirty and had grease all over the steering wheel .	9	Nominative
If you plant the cuttings too deep , they might rot .	1	Nominative
Anyway , I tried to get a preorder but no places were selling it so I missed out on 2/3 weekend events .	15	Nominative
her long curly hair had sprung out , diademed with raindrops , because she had done her marshmallow toasting outside over the spit fire .	13	Nominative
One thing you can be sure of about Irish weather is how little you can be sure of .	2	Nominative
Unfortunately , do to Mr. Lay 's schedule he will not be able to participate .	8	Nominative
He remembered now that Mrs. Stillman had told him to wait there while she went to find her husband .	8	Accusative
If you want to take it a step further , look around questioningly at everyone in the elevator when no one gets off at the floors you pushed . [ 1 ]	5	Accusative
But now that the scene was taking place , he felt quite disappointed , even angry .	9	Nominative
I – I mean , he faltered as sparks flew from Mrs Weasley 's eyes , that – that was very wrong , boys – very wrong indeed	0	Nominative
Randy , this is the issue I left you the voice mail on .	6	Nominative
Then , also , he 's got so much stuff in there right now , that I do n't know how he 's going to fit baby stuff .	21	Nominative
" I hope that industry , if put to the test , can do better [ than the government ] , but I do not expect it , " Griffin added .	1	Nominative
and I said , YES , CENTER CITY PHILLY , and he says , NO , Warwick is a township , If you 're at a Radison in Warwick that s too far , try dominos in Pottstown .	22	Nominative
I believe national reconciliation to be the only path forward to a new Iraq .	0	Nominative
Side note : If you have anything due right now , and you have n't finished it , leave this article and complete that work .	12	Nominative
If you have not already made these decisions , Essie 's guidance should be helpful .	1	Nominative
But when Neil , Bray , Evelyn Odara and the South African got down to the second-class trading area , the others had n't arrived .	11	Nominative
I was wondering if you could give me some references regarding the calculation of correlation coefficients from a GARCH model .	4	Nominative
She was way easy to work with and made my wedding day so easy and she got some amazing pictures , not only of me , but of my family and friends .	15	Nominative
And , together we formed this thing , it 's sort of like an entertainment team .	8	Nominative
Hi , i 'm looking to take myself and my best friend and his girl friend and this girl i really like out to dinner for my birthday .	7	Accusative
So be sure to get your pet 's memorial on the site and if you have a charity / rescue , make sure it is listed on their database so you can receive some of the profits from the site .	23	Nominative
I KNOW YOU HAVE A LOT GOING ON WITH YOU AND THE LITTLE WOMAN .	2	Nominative
The bartender is a douchebag and he has a little console behind the bar where he can delete songs he does n't like , and you end up paying for it .	19	Nominative
I would recommend it hands down and am a loyal customer .	3	Nominative
One reader pointed out that the President watched the Americans in the embassy when they took them hostage .	14	Nominative
Did you happen to sign your employment agreement ?	1	Nominative
I du n no how they did it , but Scottish friends --- this is THE REAL DEAL .	7	Accusative
If they think you 've taken a soda from your room home with you , they will charge you $ 1.50 per can .	3	Nominative
She trusts me , she ’s more my dog than anyone ’s , and she did n’t like it but for me she lay there .	14	Nominative
And It 's Not Hard To Do .... IF You Know HOW .	1	Nominative
then I think I just kind of stopped smiling and just kind of sat there looking at the dates .	3	Nominative
Did she make it ?	1	Nominative
Auster was somewhat reticent about it , but at last he conceded that he was working on a book of essays . The current piece was about Don Quixote .	9	Nominative
A slight clinking behind me made me turn my head .	6	Accusative
" I do n't know how these events could have taken place without some concerted effort , " said Dunn .	1	Nominative
It is accompanied by the further reflection ( partly proud , mostly bitter ) that we Jews seem to have a genius for finding the heart of the crisis .	15	Nominative
Also , can you confirm the correct names , email addresses , titles for those new folks on Friday 's call : Robbie Rossi , Michelle , Melissa Lloyd ?	3	Nominative
You must go after the head of the " Family " .	0	Nominative
Finally , I told the little girl that she would have to accompany me to school ( 8:30 am ) .	13	Accusative
I was recently in Poland for the Joint Parliamentary Committee .	0	Nominative
Did they think we were going to feel lucky to get any reservation at all , and therefore be more pleased with our dining experience ?	3	Nominative
I walked away .	0	Nominative
She is a creme tabby and I 've had her for over 2 years now .	9	Accusative
He only pretended to be .	0	Nominative
It 's also got the website where the song has been uploaded .	0	Nominative
Below I pasted the email text , and it has a link to a website that automatically plays this song the author of the email created .	1	Nominative
Practice your language frequently so that you do n't forget it !	10	Accusative
It is likely , but not certain , that they will be deported to Myanmar .	0	Nominative
And he is not following me when I was walking .	5	Accusative
I 'm currently 12 and I get about 20 dollars a week for lunch , sometimes a bit more , I plan to save 10 dollars every week :)	5	Nominative
i have stronger will than you think .	0	Nominative
A bit pricey , so I did n't go very often , but it was always a treat when I did .	5	Nominative
If you knew what kind of " meat " they put in canned cat food you 'd understand this .	1	Nominative
He found himself sitting on a sofa , alone in the living room .	11	Nominative
Would love for you to join us .	3	Nominative
Will you be in Houston on that day or we shall do it over the phone ?	12	Accusative
Dragging back the little curtain from the oval window , she looked into the dazzling glare of space and said , Glorious morning up here ! and they discussed with animation the cold and sudden winter that was left behind .	10	Nominative
I have no complaints about the service I received .	7	Nominative
I got him from the new labour exchange – I thought , well , let 's try it , so they send him along , five years ' experience , everything fine .	2	Accusative
“ So I hate to put a little pressure on you , but the fate of the republic rests on your shoulders , ” he told the crowd gathered on a sports field at the University of North Carolina .	10	Nominative
I expect to send them out to you sometime tomorrow .	4	Accusative
On or about October 6 , 1999 , Kelly Cloud , Senior Vice President of CCNG , Inc. ( 713 ) 235-1972 , called and informed me that the counterparty should be CCGM , L.P. .	26	Accusative
After all , I also was a part of the great cause of these high and just proceedings .	1	Nominative
What culinary dishes would you recommend that go well with the Santorum cocktail ?	4	Nominative
We recommend these cabins !	0	Nominative
If you like the drama described in popular sitcom ' Seinfeld ' , you will see it here .	16	Nominative
He took it back and they would not honor a warranty and said it was his fault because of his shoes ??	2	Accusative
I just could n't remember if it was you or Terry .	8	Nominative
She even went so far as to say " You r calling about one board ? "	0	Nominative
How Would You Like To Know How YOU Can Live In A Beautiful NEW House That Is Custom - Designed To YOUR Specifications ......... And At NO COST To You ?	2	Nominative
Leaving a jar with a dozen black worms in it will sate the adult 's desire for snacks and they are more likely to leave fry or eggs alone .	9	Accusative
You are the only one auto glass repair shop in the area I would count on .	12	Nominative
Pretending he had n't noticed this , Harry sat down and took the toast Mrs Weasley offered him .	1	Nominative
It does n't work .	0	Nominative
Have you seen the materials from the press conference that he launched today ?	10	Nominative
We are much smaller .	0	Nominative
Took me a little longer to review and revise Adam 's first drafts than I had thought ( there 's a lot going on here , as you 'll see soon ) .	27	Nominative
Mr. ARCHIBALD : He told us whenever he was stopped , as soon as the law enforcement found out that he was the grandson of Prescott Bush , they would let him go .	5	Accusative
Now , none of this has been confirmed by Google at the present time , but it 's an old adage that you follow the money to see who is behind something .	16	Nominative
And then I had a bit of some time off in 2011 .	2	Nominative
That was not in agreement eather , but they realy demand it .	11	Accusative
It was obviously out of excitement at this great event that I forgot to sign the register .	16	Nominative
I 'm writing an essay for school and I need to know if the iPhone was the first Smart Phone .	8	Nominative
Martin 's box is working wonderfully - I 'll have everything transferred to it and give him the keys by Friday .	16	Accusative
If it wo n't take pre-killed and you usually feed live then you could hold the rat by the tail and whack it against a hard surface , like a refrigerator or wall .	1	Nominative
The email confirmation ( which I read in the car ) warned about large suitcases , declaring that we are innkeepers , not longshoreman .	18	Nominative
they are great dogs .	0	Nominative
So he 's got a -- I 'm a decision - maker and I can make good decisions .	13	Nominative
However , they can remain dangerous storms due to very heavy rains and subsequent landslides , and river flooding .	2	Nominative
Bray had a lot of questions , not all of them kind , to ask about other people .	8	Nominative
He sits down , saying that the influence of Yasir Arafat is evidently weakening and fading .	0	Nominative
In discussion with Dave , we thought it would be good to put this together in a format of questions and answers .	7	Nominative
" That 's why he did the Campbell Soup cans or the Marilyn pictures , these iconic products of American culture whether they be in film , video or actually products we consumed .	31	Nominative
I was planning to be on vacation anyway , but I may have some accessibility challenges in Ft. Worth which I would not have had otherwise .	10	Nominative
The numbers indicate that in his first four years , Bush not only showed up , he showed up a lot .	16	Nominative
For example , I would like to know if Rothko or Kline did any work on paper .	3	Nominative
They are sick of the partisanship and nonsense and the total lack of substance in modern campaigns .	0	Nominative
I should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you did n't spell her name right in the email - I mean it 's such a common spelling .	27	Nominative
He also stated that just everyone 's just acting in their own self - interest , responding to the screwed incentives embedded in the structure .	0	Nominative
You said you liked her and she accepted it as a truth and perhaps as a compliment , but it does not mean she fancies you or wants to pair off with you .	6	Nominative
An autofilter is always applied before a conditional filter , regardless of the order in which you applied them .	10	Nominative
i am sure i could have persuaded you to give me some action .	0	Nominative
I should like to welcome Mrs Cresson and ask her to reply to Mr Valverde 's question .	0	Nominative
Save yourself a trip !	1	Accusative
As a nurse I know about drug seekers .	3	Nominative
If we have time next week , I could step you through our website -- www.weathereffects.com .	7	Nominative
I took the cage and place it next to the couch .	0	Nominative
It was decided that a collaborative online review process would be used to " discover " the microscopically small samples the capsule collected .	0	Nominative
It is heartbreaking to try to bring a horse back and then have to put it down , but some horses are worth the risk .	0	Nominative
We just did a deal for the rest of the month for 10,000 / d at meter # 1552 QE - 1 @ $ 4.355 .... can you let me and Robert Lloyd know what the sitara # is ?	0	Nominative
Finding someone even more vulnerable and foolish than we were , after everything had been taken from us — that was a delight .	17	Accusative
Blimey , I 'm tired , yawned Fred , setting down his knife and fork at last .	2	Nominative
You now have it in you to create the kind of life for yourself that you want .	15	Nominative
He was n't unpleasant about it , but he just changed the subject and would n't talk about it .	8	Nominative
Just be sure to follow through with your deadline rather than ignoring it when your alarm finally goes off .	12	Accusative
This was simple prudence , white men being so much alike at a distance that he could not tell who I might be .	10	Nominative
We have been able to keep ENA 's direct group expenses flat year on year , we are trying hard to keep the corporate allocation flat year to year as well .	16	Nominative
They gave the best service & rates I could find .	0	Nominative
What you see in New Orleans is a perfect example of the downfalls of the welfare system , a form of socialism that many in this country know is the true problem .	1	Nominative
I am looking at the option liquidation report and all of the $ 65 puts are in the money and the $ 75 call is also in the money .	0	Nominative
Musk , which is scraped from their genitals once a day for as long as they can surv ive , makes the scent of perfume last a bit longer after each application .	15	Nominative
So now we 'll be in the Voice for a while .	2	Nominative
i am sure i could have persuaded you to give me some action .	7	Accusative
That did it for me .. no more Raina 's .	4	Accusative
Summers can be very warm and with the cold wind across the plains it can get very cold in the winter , but it does not last long .	13	Nominative
I – I mean , he faltered as sparks flew from Mrs Weasley 's eyes , that – that was very wrong , boys – very wrong indeed	5	Nominative
i ve never been to the yorkshire moors or penines at all ... i can see the penines in the far distance from my bedroom window .	0	Nominative
Press gently down on its back , and gently move its legs back if it tries to stand up .	14	Nominative
According to a post she made on the internet , Aafia Siddiqui expressed the same sentiment in connection with US appropriations sought in exchange for the extradition of WTC 1993 plotter Ramzi Yousef from Pakistan .	4	Nominative
I dislike this urban society and want to leave this whole enviroment .	0	Nominative
At the same time , he knew it was all an illusion .	9	Nominative
Based on how CRRA reacts , I would make an ultimate determination if the agreement needs to be attached to the LOI .	6	Nominative
It remained the only thorough introduction to the field for decades and is still valuable for its many examples and exercises .	0	Nominative
We were told by a detective and asked to check our credit for anything unusual .	0	Nominative
She guided me through a very difficult period dealing with a family member 's suicide , coupled with elder abuse .	0	Nominative
" Are you going to be a teacher ? " I asked .	10	Nominative
But other people do like the way they think he will vote , and the ones who favor him seem to outnumber the ones who oppose him .	7	Nominative
If you like the drama described in popular sitcom ' Seinfeld ' , you will see it here .	13	Nominative
how do i get to paris cdg airport to paris montparnasse ?	2	Nominative
from start to finish they were top notch .	4	Nominative
I do n't know if the kid had a bad day or what , but I had to sit and apologize about nothing for 10 minutes until he dropped the issue .	27	Nominative
If it is hard to see how Baathist Iraq posed any real threat to Israel , it is not so difficult to see a menace in the current instability .	1	Nominative
I finally called Matt from Bonafide and he made the project both easy for us and reasonable .	7	Nominative
I imagined a man down there in the dark , an escaped convict or a madman .	0	Nominative
He shook hands , I fancy , murmured vaguely , was satisfied with my French .	5	Nominative
Even though they still charge you the days you booked but wo n't use , it is worth the get the hell out of this crap hole .	15	Nominative
Kermit Roosevelt of the CIA " met a number of officers who were involved in the conspiracy which led to the coup-d'etat of 22 July , 1952 . "	23	Nominative
Know that there are pros and cons to laser sights before you mount them on your wang .	13	Accusative
My girlfriend and I took a chance on this place because we did n't want to wait in line at Outback .	3	Nominative
But they , too , failed .	1	Nominative
Be persistent , but do n't pester them about it cause that 'll get you nowhere fast .	7	Accusative
I have a parakeet named Cookie . :P	0	Nominative
I know that with my industry - wide and investment banking contacts that I can help raise capital for the fund .	13	Nominative
Bray repeated what had been said to him at the airport that morning – that some of the white people still living in the capital would be more at home down South , in Rhodesia or South Africa .	7	Accusative
We whittle that down on a Monday to about a hundred , come in Tuesday and pick an issue and brainstorm with the whole editorial staff ; all fifteen of us .	30	Accusative
Plus you land in a preferential terminal ...	1	Nominative
I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it : I do n't care about the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says .	11	Nominative
Imperial Hubris makes the case that lots of people in the CIA and counter-terrorism divisions elsewhere in the US government knew all about Bin Laden and the threat he posed .	28	Nominative
Save yourself the trouble , money and time and visit a more caring facility / doctor .	1	Accusative
It 's unfortunate that bmil believed that his ' perfect ' dog was not given the right opportunity to prove himself .	20	Accusative
This is o.k. for Ken Lay , but we are changing to a more uniform address , so would likely be better to use kenneth.lay@enron.com .	8	Nominative
Would you recommend living in Limerick as a student ?	1	Nominative
Paul was going out with Heather , but in front of the audience he played the faithful husband 's masquerade pretending to suffer for Linda , for the afore mentioned promotional ends .	13	Nominative
All of the doors tend to look alike and having ' something ' on your door helps you and your kids find your room easier .	17	Accusative
I dropped off a sheet metal piece that I needed copied due to th it was needing to be replaced .	8	Nominative
I have a few questions , first I want to start a sump filter , but I have no idea on how the water intake and water return would work .	0	Nominative
They want you for drinks on Monday .	0	Nominative
Sometimes I even think I 'm down South again , that 's a fact .	5	Nominative
Would do business with them again .	4	Accusative
With these fusions , chiropractric is n't as successful , but it still is very helpful .	11	Nominative
Its support base is much larger than what it seems .	8	Nominative
And , I 'm Isabel Ruiz .	2	Nominative
At this rate we may have to start pinning notes to your shirt to remind you to do things .	15	Accusative
Even when he robbed Dostoevski , he pitied him as one might " a little cherub-like child . "	1	Nominative
I would recommend to start with something more simple like tin , pewter , aluminum or zinc , they all have a much more reasonable melting point .	18	Nominative
I saw deer frequently , in fact a small herd were grazing near the lodge .	0	Nominative
But today , unable to see the end of war , he has lost the sensation of being borne upon any such wave .	11	Nominative
It was completed rather late in the war ; although a number of B-29s were equipped with Eagle and it worked well , it came too late to make much difference .	0	Nominative
, Do you want us to come over to the Enron b in your call .	4	Accusative
There were several pimples on her left cheek , obscured by a pimpish smear of pancake makeup , and a wad of chewing gum was crackling in her mouth .	5	Accusative
Recommend you call in for a look .	1	Nominative
We do everything backwards here .	0	Nominative
I took my 3 year old son here at the weekend and to be honest , apart from the shark walkway , I thought it was rubbish and overpriced .	22	Nominative
I remember signing my first autograph to a kid when I was 25 years old .	0	Nominative
Do you know if Bobby can see visitors ??	1	Nominative
I reserve my right to come back on this when it goes back to committee .	9	Nominative
As he did , he accumulated points toward his National Guard service requirements .	4	Nominative
Actually , I think we are in pretty good shape so I will probably be doing lunch but just do n't be too mad if I have to cancel .	11	Nominative
3 When you filter a field , the drop-down arrow Field arrow for the filtered field changes to blue instead of black , and the AutoFilter button on the toolbar is selected .	3	Nominative
Which is why he did n't say we 're at war with Islamic people .	7	Nominative
Karzai categorically said that he has assured Musharraf repeatedly that any adverse action against Pakistan taken by Indian diplomats inside Afghanistan would be acted upon swiftly .	4	Nominative
And yes , I do like him .	6	Accusative
mm it depends on the size of his tank or cage or whatever you have him in .. atleast as far as i 'm concerned .	15	Accusative
If someone is continually telling unfunny jokes , do you eventually fire them ?	9	Nominative
I was originally inquiring about purchasing a Cross or Signac impressionist lithograph .	0	Nominative
I Love Hellada Gallery !	0	Nominative
He was about to tell her who he was , but then he realized that it made no difference .	5	Accusative
2.5 - Number of hours after Rumsfeld learnt that Osama bin Laden was a suspect in the 11 September attacks that he brought up reasons to " hit " Iraq .	21	Nominative
We would still keep the 20,000,000 line referenced in Schedule B of the POA agreement .	0	Nominative
It said it was in January but still !!!!	0	Nominative
I just got back from france yesterday and just missed the food already !	0	Nominative
It is difficult to imagine a justification for any action that could envelop the United States in a military and economic conflict with Iraq , Iran , Syria and China simultaneously .	0	Nominative
The difference is what they need to live , VS what 's ideal for them .	4	Nominative
But the news of the Arakan rebels is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to growing concern in New Delhi over the security of the Andaman Islands .	15	Nominative
Knowledge is power and wikiHow has the potential to make all of us a bit more powerful .	12	Accusative
So I do not have a supplementary question , I just want to register my protest .	9	Nominative
Nevertheless , I see that in a book called Things to Come two Americans who think themselves anything but undeveloped and helpless , Herman Kahn and B Bruce-Briggs , are not impressed by Russian achievements .	16	Accusative
i waited another 30 mins before receiving my food and it was cold .	0	Nominative
Kathy McMahon suggested that I contact you in an effort to gather information on : Enron 's Affirmative Action Policy and plans ; as well as demographic analysis of workforce ( gender , age , ethnic origin , nationality )	4	Nominative
I also deleted " subject to recall " based on our discussion , assuming you get approval for that revision .	14	Nominative
So I decided to sell eHow and use the proceeds to build wikiHow .	1	Nominative
I 'll be in town through Sunday morning .	0	Nominative
An analysis of 65 bird species in the United Kingdom shows about one - third are laying their eggs four to seven days earlier than they did 25 years ago .	25	Nominative
Just a reminder to send me a currency report .	5	Accusative
If you do n't finish the task in the allotted time , then you move on to the next one .	1	Nominative
It recently published its 50,000th article , and to discuss what the site has achieved since its creation , Wikinews interviewed the site 's founder , Jack Herrick .	0	Nominative
Here it is -- we printed this 2 - sided and laminated it .	4	Nominative
He married Althea Lucille Sprague , who died in 1993 .	0	Nominative
Try google to find the title if you would like to read it .	12	Accusative
As I mentioned , please let me know when it is ready , and I will send someone to pick it up .	1	Nominative
If you would like to participate in person or by conference , please let me know .	1	Nominative
I am very much afraid that most of Europe still does not understand it .	13	Accusative
Another thing non-locals do n't often realize is that Cleveland 's long history of industrial wealth has left it chock full of cultural riches as well as the beginnings of a " sustainable city ' movement .	18	Accusative
But she took a tidbit of crisp fat from her husband 's fork .	1	Nominative
He turned on the television and watched the first two innings of the Mets game .	0	Nominative
Another thing was two different time scapes : one goes very slow and one goes very fast and they almost kind of meet in the end .	18	Nominative
Lower and lower went the flying car .	5	Nominative
I would highly recommend that you read through some reliable bearded guides to make sure you have everything set up correctly :	5	Nominative
She returned to Kuwait recently and observed that the men now walked several yards behind their wives .	0	Nominative
At some point , I 'd like to talk about the diversification strategy in more detail -- perhaps over dinner or a quick meeting after the markets close ?	4	Nominative
We are told we must balance interests but , quite frankly , all interests are not equal .	5	Nominative
However , now that I have come to realize that I am going to owe the IRS $ 6,000 + despite doing exactly what Rod told me to do , I feel I have to voice my opinion .	4	Nominative
XML is a data interchange format in that it allows you to exchange data between dissimilar systems or applications .	12	Nominative
I 'm looking to visit India with some mates at the beginning of February next year and I am wandering what standard of accommodation we could get for Rs 500 per person per night .	24	Nominative
So , if anyone can give me some advice , I 'd sure appreciate it !	14	Accusative
I am not going to go pick up a horse I ca n't afford .	0	Nominative
Take a photo of a very light plain subject close to the lens using long exposure and smallest aperture you have - over expose by a couple of stops	19	Nominative
" They can freely write anything they like about our prophet , but if one raises doubts about the Holocaust he is either fined or sent to prison , " he added .	1	Nominative
They were going to run an over-sea empire , and make no end of coin by trade .	0	Nominative
I have price targets of where I would like to lighten up exposure to ENE and will use calls to implement the stategy .	0	Nominative
And there we are , Kissinger has entirely wrecked Russia 's Middle East policy and the Pope is about to swap the Vatican for the Kremlin .	20	Nominative
For he was obliged now to concentrate on what he was doing , even if it was next to nothing .	1	Nominative
" What we know is that he 's always said it was a religious obligation to have the same weapons as their enemies , " former CIA OBL unit counter terrorism chief Michael Scheuer has said .	10	Nominative
The Palestinians who have been willing to kill themselves to end the Israeli occupation of the Gaza Strip and the West Bank were not driven by economic considerations .	8	Accusative
Four guys around a large square open hibachi cook your food , and when it 's finished a server brings it to your table .	14	Nominative
I enjoyed your presentations very much .	0	Nominative
Keep in mind though that if you end up failing I will not let you forget it ( and , as we have established , I have the memory of an elephant ) .	21	Nominative
I gave my name , and looked about .	0	Nominative
He told himself to stay calm .	2	Accusative
i had a sussex male and a pekin female i bought 2 silkies what would the sussex female and the silkie females would make ?	9	Nominative
I blinked , the path was steep .	0	Nominative
Clap your hands or give it a gentle shove until it jumps up and walks away .	10	Accusative
If space is minimal , or you are keeping him in there to be kept away from other pets , then I can understand why you would choose to keep him there .	25	Nominative
East Jerusalem toughies of fourteen are smoking cigarettes and stiffening their shoulders , practicing the dangerous-loiterer bit as we pass .	6	Nominative
yes do not hold any animal s mouth shut it wil close their air way , he s just a kitty and they are very rambunctious , get him toys .	28	Accusative
If anyone wants the complete article , email me , as it is a very good article which no meat - eater can read and not sense their own hypocrisy .	11	Nominative
While Dudley lolled around watching and eating ice-creams , Harry cleaned the windows , washed the car , mowed the lawn , trimmed the flowerbeds , pruned and watered the roses and repainted the garden bench .	34	Nominative
First you need a compatible pair .	1	Nominative
Thank you !	1	Accusative
No matter what state I am in when I arrive , I always leave feeling better .	8	Nominative
Make an ultimate to-do list for this single project , and have it placed somewhere you will see it on a regular basis .	18	Accusative
Like in the case of organized crime , it is crucial that the forces on the offensive be united and it is crucial to reach the top of the crime pyramid .	8	Nominative
It does n’t matter .	0	Nominative
I know you all are going to have so much fun with them .	2	Nominative
Compositionally , this one is not my favorite , I would suggest trying a different crop because I do nt think cutting her off at the calf looks great .	9	Nominative
You would n't hire me .	0	Nominative
But like i said nothing ever came of It .. the next time I saw him He had told Me he had To get married to a girl Who he worked with becuse he knocked Her Up ..	29	Nominative
Why , how can i build up realtion ship with him he is also not useing the thing that he runs on and he wakes up walks around and goes to sleep again ???	4	Nominative
I interrupted him by saying I had heard of Mr. Kurtz on the coast .	2	Accusative
How much could it possibly cost ?	3	Nominative
You just have to know what you 're getting into when you go .	6	Nominative
I have sculpted the giraffe laying down .	0	Nominative
Like I 'm legitimately concerned at this point ... lol	1	Nominative
' Oh , he will go far , very far , ' he began again .	12	Nominative
If you do not receive the Republican nomination , would you consider running as a third party candidate ?	1	Nominative
Freeze dried food is not a good staple food source ; you need to offer live feeder insects .	11	Nominative
In order to examine potential bivariate associations , the adjusted F statistic ( design-based F ) was employed as it corrects for a complex sample design such as that used in the Add Health . [ 21 ]	19	Nominative
This time it reached him , but he refused to believe that she no longer wanted to be married to him .	20	Accusative
Dr. Fortier threw a large rock at the bear , distracting it and allowing Parenteau to escape but it then turned on 25 - year - old Patricia Doyon , who was in the same tent .	11	Accusative
I have been going there since I was a little girl and love the friendly and relaxing atmosphere .	0	Nominative
My sister and I would like to go to Ireland .	3	Nominative
I really do need answers and advice , and NOT INSULTING ANSWERS !!	0	Nominative
I was feeling the need for some fish so I had the salmon which was very good but the steaks looked amazing and if I am in town again , I 'll definitely order a steak .	24	Nominative
When you read the label it s easy to understand why .	1	Nominative
A horn tooted to the right , and I saw the black people run . A heavy and dull detonation shook the ground , a puff of smoke came out of the cliff , and that was all .	8	Nominative
Whether you start the year as a single person looking for a partner , or you 've been married for many years , happiness in love does lie ahead .	1	Nominative
I gave the woman I spoke with today a " You 've been yelped ! " card to let her know that Yelp may be a good tool for helping spreading the word about Papeluna .	19	Accusative
Like , last year , some old witch died and her tea set was sold to an antiques shop .	10	Accusative
Timothy Odara 's eyes were closed ; leaning against the wall he kept his lips drawn back slightly , alert .	11	Nominative
I know it s in the wrong catagory , but still , I wrote this question for a reason , not for you to critisize me .	12	Nominative
This not only ensures the lifeboats are operational and will work if needed , but makes the crew proficient at launching them .	21	Accusative
They will be there by noon on the 20th , and the surgery will last 1.5 hours and then they 'll watch him for 2 more hours before they put him into ICU .	19	Nominative
I would not suggest this pizza to anyone !!!	0	Nominative
You should use the same spreadsheet format used for the 1/29/02 DPR .	0	Nominative
I wished him a good evening .	2	Accusative
They are also very secretive about being in a relationship .	0	Nominative
I understand you have a brand new truck .	0	Nominative
Bottom if you are worried about the snake burning itself put something overt it like newspaper ...	13	Accusative
I see that we are scheduled to have lunch today .	3	Nominative
A keen guitarist , he played a concert there the same year .	4	Nominative
They phoned the same day , confirmed it was the gearbox quoted me the job , I gave the go ahead .	12	Accusative
Do n't they understand English ?	4	Nominative
" What was wanted was an elite to underpin the rulers , themselves in turn supported and buttressed by a population which presumably understood , approved , and legitimated the aims of such an elite .	6	Nominative
We have a system of own resources that is extremely complex and lacking in transparency .	0	Nominative
We arrived Sunday at about 230 and found a do we really liked .	0	Nominative
The sun in the garden was burning , dazzling , seizing .	4	Nominative
He recovered and became a prisoner of war at surrender of Charleston , South Carolina on May 12 , 1780 .	0	Nominative
The story had brillant battle scenes , lovable heroes and villians , a compelling story line , and it left me dying for the next part of the series :) go to taleofterra.com to learn more aboout it	20	Accusative
We will be back again and again !!	0	Nominative
A team from the court managed to take his deposition before he died .	11	Nominative
Be warned - they 'll ltake you for everything they can .	3	Nominative
What matters is that the terrorists believe that they caused the result and that they won by driving Spain out of Iraq .	8	Nominative
I think that you understand that your largest and smallest golden wonders are males .	0	Nominative
From the moment you enter the restaurant , you know you are some place special .	8	Nominative
Usually they blow dry it out and i have to wait until i wash it to see what it will look like in its natural state .	12	Nominative
I will probably be calling you next week - the desk wants me to become more involved in regulatory updates so I will seek your assistance with this matter .	0	Nominative
It 's important that you take retreats and plenty of time for yourself to regenerate , as the rate of change in your personal and professional life will be fast and unpredictable .	4	Nominative
The history of values is okay because wisdom is ageless ; it does n’t grow old , like material .	11	Nominative
The price they gave was good so I said hey this seems great .	7	Nominative
" What happened ? Did your dog eat it ? " he said , making a joke .	11	Nominative
what do I feed it ?	4	Nominative
He was n't unpleasant about it , but he just changed the subject and would n't talk about it .	5	Accusative
In that case , the matter turns out to be a national problem after all .	14	Nominative
I encourage you to do this dance , as it has tremendous positive effects .	2	Nominative
It sounds ( according to your own statement ) that they had a roomful of dogs , so they must be doing something right - and are keeping those dogs safe from potential problems .	18	Nominative
The only product of any significance is canned tomatoes , but even they account for no more than 7 -% of the market .	7	Nominative
I have a male and female cockatiel , and there are 2 eggs in the bottom of the cage , will they hatch ?	0	Nominative
He is willing to do whatever you need from him without hesitation .	6	Nominative
Trudeau will extend that invitation to the 45th president of the United States , whoever he or she may be .	17	Nominative
I gave mine to a rest home for senior citizens and an old soldiers ' home .	0	Nominative
As he walked , Stillman did not look up .	1	Nominative
it s really amazing there , it ll blow your mind	6	Nominative
Now I just do it once or twice a week or as needed .	4	Accusative
i would like more bands like them pleasseee	6	Accusative
It wo n’t hurt . ”	0	Nominative
The First time I walked in there with my teacup chihuahua puppy I knew I 'd be here a lot .	14	Nominative
We do n't have to believe him .	6	Accusative
I thought it would pass until he started to vomit blood and would nt drink any water .	0	Nominative
I should let you know though that she was very offended this morning that you did n't spell her name right in the email - I mean it 's such a common spelling .	7	Nominative
they use them to look prickly .. would you try to eat a cactus [ if u had no knife ] i know i would nt .	21	Nominative
It tasted like I just flew back home .	3	Nominative
The problem is that the vast silent majority of these Moslems are not part of the terror and the incitement , but they also do not stand up against it .	22	Nominative
It 's called Kiwi Heaven and it 's across the river from Cho Ben Tre .	6	Nominative
It 's important to use sanitary , clean tubes for your glowsticks .	0	Nominative
o and the cheaper the better ( we are trying to save money now , sooo .. that d b helpful ) thanks	7	Nominative
And I would not want the opposite view to arise through any misunderstanding in the present report .	1	Nominative
There is a very large Quidditch community , have a look at the IQA website to find teams near you .	19	Accusative
Can you and Tom join us ?	1	Nominative
If some records in one of the fields you used in the expression might have a Null value , you can convert the Null value to zero using the Nz function as shown in the following example :	35	Nominative
I really like the MIUI , but a process crashes repeatedly about every 3 seconds .	0	Nominative
I was awake and lying in bed next morning , looking idly at the wonderful images and inscriptions all around my room , when suddenly I heard the sound of trumpets , as if a procession were already underway .	0	Nominative
Most of the tourists that I 've come across buy tours along the My Tho waterfront .	5	Nominative
Can you send me the data you used : I shall take a look at it .	1	Nominative
In the second room it took 3 tries to get all the towels and linens we requested .	4	Nominative
The kind of laugh they 've picked up from people like Uncle Willie said Neil .	3	Nominative
He also worked with the International Auxiliary Language Association .	0	Nominative
Also they ca n't eat potatos , they are toxic for them .	7	Nominative
In any case , we have had some more time to do some exploring ( and shopping ) , so we have some good ideas about what to do if you come .	30	Nominative
Another thing to consider is that these messages will be set to expire and disappear within a set period of time , meaning users can not retrieve them and read them later ( as they can with e-mail ) .	30	Accusative
I have a siamese lynx name Star we called her that because she has a star pattern on her face .	9	Accusative
By having researchers provide the lecture sessions , we hope to fuel the enthusiasm of the librarians with the inspiration of direct contact with researchers and to provide access to a network within and across universities .	8	Nominative
How are you doing ?	2	Nominative
Old and new meet in Fort Lee , as the Good Shepherd Episcopalian Church is dwarfed by a residential highrise immediately behind it	22	Nominative
Maybe she meant if she made herself .	6	Accusative
These three little ones do n't realize how lucky they are to have such a nice Dad , but I 'm sure they 'll find out soon .	19	Nominative
When there are a lot of people , say , " You 're probably wondering why I 've gathered you here today . "	19	Accusative
I have 5 sisters and so including my mom ... he is the only guy in a house of six females .	10	Nominative
They leave space and gaps to fill in .	0	Nominative
Louisiana 's Governor Blanco urged residents to spend Wednesday in prayer and assured them the crisis would eventually be overcome .	13	Accusative
I 'm afraid so , he mumbled in his Englishman 's way .	0	Nominative
It s between sea and mountains so you can camp on beach or between mountains !	0	Nominative
1 ) When you get the bird , place him or her or them in the cage .	11	Accusative
I think she just wants to be able to touch football players legs .	2	Nominative
In addition to the core treatment , Dr Nelson has impressed me further with his concern and interest in the well - being of his patients – his dental work underpinned by a strong duty of care to every patient .	11	Accusative
Not once did I feel listened to like they actually cared about what I wanted , all they were interested in was me signing a contract right then and there .	8	Nominative
I do n't know that he did any )	5	Nominative
If you ca n’t seem to focus and are working half-heartedly at your tasks , give yourself a brief break .	1	Nominative
When I finally found someone at the desk who could speak English , they moved our room , but we still did not receive the single queen we had " reserved "	13	Nominative
Pursuing a successful career , along with the usual social and financial advantages , will be easier this year than it has in a long time for you , Leo !	27	Accusative
Remember that you get what you pay for .	5	Nominative
If you want to help , please send them to everyone you know who needs to read them .	8	Accusative
I 'm still trying to find out what it will take to move gas on and ENA tabs agreement .	0	Nominative
If you want to help , please send them to everyone you know who needs to read them .	17	Accusative
He could n't tell when things were becoming more unstable as opposed to less .	0	Nominative
To make a order you may have to go to back of line .	4	Nominative
There were screams from the dining room and Uncle Vernon burst into the kitchen to find Harry , rigid with shock , covered from head to foot in Aunt Petunia 's pudding .	5	Nominative
I think he would be a good fit .	2	Nominative
Here , she met her future husband and subsequently left the church .	2	Nominative
She stayed because I held her there by looking at her , the way you can sometimes will a dog into submission .	10	Accusative
" THE PRESIDENT : I appreciate that .	4	Nominative
It ALL had to do with the sales guy which was a young 22 year old who had admittedly only been working for 2 weeks .	0	Nominative
To one side of him was the park , green in the morning sun , with sharp , fleeting shadows ; to the other side was the Frick , white and austere , as if abandoned to the dead .	1	Nominative
Lee Huber made the same request last year and we gave her the chair ( she only wanted one , however ) .	15	Nominative
He said Mr Dar , 33 , was arrested in Indian - administered Kashmir and belonged to the outlawed Lashkar - e - Toiba militant group .	0	Nominative
" They filed an emergency motion , and we were not about to let California go dark , '' Hoecker said .	8	Nominative
By year 's end , your creative decision - making will have carried you to whole new peaks - and a whole new view from above .	13	Accusative
The only reason I 'm giving 3 stars instead of 1 or 2 , I should admit , nothing was broken .	14	Nominative
He pointed excitedly at the tenpound notes in Mr Granger 's hand .	0	Nominative
Try google to find the title if you would like to read it .	7	Nominative
I have to admit that I had serious misgivings during the first reading of the directive .	5	Nominative
I 've simply lost track !	0	Nominative
I have a 4 months Shih Tzu puppy .	0	Nominative
She knew , if he did n't , that he was going .	9	Nominative
Many online stores carry them , like Adorama :	4	Accusative
I would highly recommend it and will be going back for my next haircut .	4	Accusative
I show that we also had 20.000 at LS HPL for the 13th .	3	Nominative
Quinn would make a clean breast of it , Auster would forgive him , and together they would work to save Peter Stillman .	12	Accusative
